10,"No conhecia a banda/cantor at ento, e estou particularmente bem espantado com a qualidade desse lbum, da produo e das letras. Posso dizer que foi um dos lbuns lanados em 2016 que mais me agradou. As pessoas deviam dar mais visibilidade para artistas como esse, deviam ser devidamente valorizados.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2016"
10,"Com melodias menos genricas mas seguindo o que est na moda nos dias de hoje, o Tropical House, e com composies mais trabalhadas, 7/27 demonstra realmente que Fifth Harmony amadureceu de um lbum para o outro, no tirando os mritos do Reflection, porm, 7/27 realmente demonstra a 'cara' das garotas do Fifth Harmony. Destaques: All In My Head (Flex) que tendo Dinah e Lauren como vocais principais trouxe um amadurecimento bastante notrio para a faixa; No Way com Lauren comandando os vocais foi genial, seus vocais mais 'obscuros' trouxeram um intimismo sem tamanho para a msica; Gonna Get Better demonstrou toda a potncia vocal e a emoo que a voz de Ally pode ter e transmitir e I Lied que houve uma sincronia harmnica dos vocais incrivelmente surpreendedora.",16,19,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",10,10,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing! It is definitely complete: every thing is very well structured, from voice to music and lyrics. Most of the songs are up tempo. Composition includes some saxophones in That's My Girl, many dance elements, some pop and r&b and some reggae influences. This album is so catchy but well worked at the same times!",9,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Podemos nos vangloriar de 7/27! Diferente do lbum anterior delas, Reflection, ele no  composto somente por msicas festivas e vocais agitados, mas com msicas mais tranquilas e com vocais mais calmos mas sem deixar as batidas marcantes no fundo de lado, deixando muito difcil no se apaixonar pelo lbum.",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good -",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"It's a really good album, I loved it. I think it's a great 'comeback' after Reflection. Well done, girls. I can't wait to see you perform live in my country :D",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  muito diferente de outras eras musicais delas. Apesar de haver alguns deslizes como a falta de solos para algumas integrantes como Dinah em 'The Life' e Ally em 'I Lied, e tambm um destaque maior para Lauren que lidera grande parte das msicas, o albm segue uma linhagem tecno tropical em grande parte das msicas que pode ser bem adotado por qualquer que no queira generalizar o gnero como pop",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum  realmente muito bom! Finalmente encontramos algo menos genrico e comum, o lbum apresenta grandes canes com letras e ritmos incomparveis. Claramente podemos ver que as notas usadas com 0 para esse cd no apresentam fundamento e sentido. Um dos melhores lbuns de 2016, perdendo apenas para Beyonc Ariana Grande.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
9,"This album is the definition of growth, which is especially shown in songs like Dope, I Lied, No Way, Gonna Get Better and All In My Head (which are my favourites). All 5 of their voices shine in this album, each member having moments that will leave you speechless (some more than others). The production on this album is also IT, especially on That's My Girl which is such an anthem. Would've given it 10/10 if it wasn't so damn short.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Com um lbum de som muito mais maturo e muito mais a 'cara' do grupo, as meninas do Fifth Harmony simplesmente mostraram que a super produo do disco no foi a toa. Me surpreendi com a qualidade das musicas em relao as da 'era Reflection'. A distribuio de solos foi feita perfeitamente, sem focar em apenas uma integrante e vejo que finalmente conseguiram mostrar o potencial vocal de cada uma nesse lbum.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Pop perfection! The perfect mix of songs to dance to & ballads. That's My Girl is a girl-anthem, and one of the best songs on the album. All In My Head (Flex) has awesome island vibes, definitely one of the best songs of the summer. I Lied & Dope are also AMAZING songs that people can NOT miss. Props to the best girl group of the world as in right now.",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this is what a good album sounds like. They are modern day legends. You can hear thier talent in the music. I am only typing this so I can reach the 150 limit",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is by far better than the group's first one, 'Reflection', with a lot of possible hits and really catchy songs. Their vocals are on point and is one of the biggest highlights of '7/27'. Fifth Harmony has shown with this album that they remain for another year as the best and the biggest girl group in the world.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony's sophomore album '7/27' is a monster of a banger. Unlike its predecessor, 'Reflection', '7/27' is a fearless attempt at maturity. It explores themes such as love, heartbreak, and self-actualization. As well as the group's strong point - female empowerment (most notable are the tracks That's My Girl and Not That Kinda Girl, which has legendary Missy Elliott on the track). Fifth Harmony has set themselves apart from their current counterparts by discovering their own unique sound, instead of wallowing in pop purgatory by sticking with sloppy ballads and forming their image according to the 'girl group stereotype'. The album itself is strong when it comes to the hard-hitting uptempo, but also very vulnerable and soft-spoken when it comes to more sensitive topics (No Way, Squeeze, Gonna Get Better). It is difficult to deny that in a patriarchally structured music industry, the empowering Fifth Harmony is breaking the scene.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The best album from one girlband I ever heard. Well crafted beats, lyrics very well composed (thanks, Tinashe, to be here!), and very well distributed soils. It has everything to be one of the best albums of the year.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"This is better than their lastest album, I really liked it. The only thing I didn't like was 'Not That Kinda Girl' sounds exactly like 'Donatella' by Lady Gaga, the rest is OK.
Well done, girls.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"7/27 marcou com primor o amadurecimento do grupo, vocais limpos, batidas viciantes, solos (finalmente) bem divididos, as vozes finalmente esto 'casando'. O grupo est de parabns, That's my girls!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"timo lbum,Com Musicas Muito Boas Como I Lied,Dope,No Way E Squeeze,Alm De That's My Girl,Not That Kinda Girl e Work From Home,Arrasando Cada Vez Mais....Evoluo Perfeita",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"At the outset, what a major step-up from their debut album 'Reflection'!
Like Reflection, 7/27 also talks about empowerment, but it has its vulnerable sides. Like the girls described it is close to what they went through the last year. The glo up in vocals, production, solo distribution, tonality, everything is just amazing! It is like they have included the best picks they had. This album is a perfect combination of upbeat, mid-tempo, and slow ballad. It couldn't be more perfect. They have found their sound and people are genuinely loving it. This labum has given the girls the chance to showcase their vocals that some of them couldnt do in the last album; and boy did they? Answer is yes! All the five girls equally shine and stand out in the songs. There is not one better than the other. These girls have worked hard for this and they deserve all the success. 7/27 is the best pop album to have released in a long time and that too by the biggest girl group in the world right now. I love it.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This band has had amazing growth and it is really shown on this new album. Much better production than their freshman album, it really showcases the members vocals, as well as incorporating a lovely palette a different genres that all blend together in an amazing album. solo distribution makes it possible for every girl to shine through, and there are a couple songs on this album that would be perfect to release during the summer and become the top hits of the year, like That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, and possible Dope and I Lied. this band is finally getting the recognition they deserve, and this album is the perfect way to become a permanent fixture on mainstream musics radio top hits, and maybe even a household name. Congratulations Fifth Harmony!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The album is the perfect mix for a beach trip with friends and a chill afternoon. Really dynamic. I totally enjoy it. An older, matured Fifth Harmony were much more involved in the process of this record, Were HERE for this confident, sassy anthem that encourages women to support and praise one another just like That's my Girl is. The catchy, fun nature of the album is impossible to ignore.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"DEFINITELY lyrically better than Reflection. The lyrics show a more vulnerable side of them and it seems like they weren't afraid to hold back this album! Insanely proud of these girls!",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is better better better than reflection and other girl group albums. Scared of happy, work from home, all in my head (flex), gonna get better and squeeze are my favs. All in my head will be summer jam! :)",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing, there's not a song on here I dislike. It's a lot more mature than their debut, Reflection, both vocally and topically. The themes on 7/27 focus more on intimacy and relationships but still has a strong message of female empowerment on songs like That's My Girl.",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Definitely this is the best 5H has released since Better Together, I fell in love with the new sounds, now motivational songs like 'Gonna Get Better' and romantic like 'Squeeze'",3,3,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Such an upgrade from their first album Reflection. 7/27 has a more mature sound and lyrics. Its also more complete than reflection and they show very skills with their voices. This was such a great job",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
10,"7/27 is a phenomenal album! The girls have really shown how they have grown as not only individuals but as a group also. The album consists of great upbeat songs to sing along to however, it still shows just how empowering this group of girls really are. I think this album has really given each 5H member a chance to show off their vocals and their capability in the music industry. Its clear to see how hard the girls have worked on this album and how proud theyre of the finished product, which really shines through each song. Over all I absolutely love this album especial because of the different genres of music used throughout 7/27, which really gives 5h the chance to show the world they really are the greatest girl group and why theyre are taking the music industry by storm. I honestly couldnt be prouder to call myself a harmonizer!",2,2,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"as bicha  bem e as bicha merece, diferente de outras ai que nao merecem. Patroas eternas de Little Mix, MISTURINHA TAPETE DE  FIFTH HARMONY, RESTA ACEITAR",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
9,"The album itself is amazing in production and vocals. Fifth Harmony has matured in vocals and has made more valuable production than ever. Even though I like their debut album better than their new album, this album makes them more open to the public as a girl group which those types of  groups aren't that common as much as it was in 1990s.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"Great album that shows the groups growth. That's My Girl, Dope, and I lied are real stand outs on the album. Given the quintet had a lot more creative control on this album i feel this is a better representation of who Fifth Harmony are and What message they want to convey.",7,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso! Totalmente diferente de tudo que poderiamos esperar deste grupo. Com melodias dignas e viciantes (no por serem grudentas mas por serem boas e de qualidade) e melodias contagiantes, 7/27 nos mostra um lado diferente e muito bem visto pelo seu pblico.",6,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"INCREDIBLE ALBUM! Many of the songs are potential hits. Reggae, pop, R&b, hip-hop, edm... amazing. It's definitely a step up from reflection. Missy Eliot and Fetty Wap add something to the album.",6,7,"May 28, 2016"
10,"",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Muito bom! Conseguiram se superar, trazem msicas incrveis, arrasando nas melodias e nas letras, super bem produzido, solos bem distribidos, timas colaboraes, tudo maravilhoso! Esse lbum representa melhor cada uma delas e eu estou orgulhosa demais! Valeu todos os centavos que eu investi nele.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I`m really in love with the maturity of this album, Fifth Harmony have grown some much as women and as real artists. Really excited to see what they have to show in this Era.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I love it! I love great it represents each girl! It(s a complete record: vocals, good lyrics, ballads, up tempo songs, there's a song for everyone! It shows the group's growth and i couldn't be more happy about it",6,8,"May 27, 2016"
7,"Wasn't a big 5H fan but was desperately waiting for new music from them after the success of Worth It and Work From Home. Out of the 12 songs there are 6 songs which are pretty good due to which i rated this album a 7 otherwise this album has no hopes. All the girls shine through the whole album wait fairly equal parts.
The top songs includes the first 2 singles which are Work from Home and the Fetty Wap featured track Work from Home.  Gonna get Better and Scared of Happy are the best songs on the record where Thats my Girl and Write on Me deserves an honourable mention!! The Missy Elliot collab can be skipped. As far as Grammys are concerned; it is a good contender in the POP VOCAL ALBUM category since it definitely did beat Trainor's THANK YOU album but has better contenders such as Dangerous Woman, This is Acting, Revival and Purpose. But if there is a Grammy category specifically for groups 7/27 and Work from Home both are GOOD contenders!",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"El album es asombroso, simplemente es uno de los mejores que va del 2016. Ya no son las pequeas LYLAS... Orgullo es poco. Por que hace 3 aos estaban emocionadas de que eran #2 en Tunes, y hoy son #1 en mas de 50 pases",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Felizmente, Fifth Harmony vem com um hinario cheio de ritmos no inditos, mas com uma melodia viciante como a de Thats My Girl, Scared Of Happy, entre outros hinos poderosos. Buy on iTunes!!!",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is not like any other one is original and every song have a different style,, that's why I love 5h they have so many styles and mmm *********************lauren go solo*****************",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely loved it. Girl power all the way through!
I already expected it to be an amazing album, but I was pleasantly surprised.
It was way better than I could have ever imagined.",4,6,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is a masterpiece! It shows how much the girls have matured. And that's what we want. The solo distribution is way better and they sound amazing. Scared of happy and No Way are simply perfect. The whole album is. You don't have the need to skip any song, that's how good it is. It's full of bops. I love it. Their best so far. I'm very proud.",3,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Realmente um otimo trabalho do grupo.  7/27 demonstra o amadurecimento delas apos o Reflection principalmente entre a Lauren  e a Dinah com otimos vocais",5,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"They started this album with a track that perfectly describes who they are as a group. It helps that the song is so damn catchy. It's a massive tune, and I can see it doing really well on the charts and on radio. Another stand out is All In My Head. It has a hook that gets stuck in your head. Very catchy. I Lied is amazing. The production, the vocals, the lyrics. The solo distribution could be better, but it's undeniably good. I think they showed off each of their vocals really well by the end of the album. Solid album.",2,4,"May 28, 2016"
8,"Hay sonidos demasiados gastados, como muy  pop 2010 , reciclado, pero hay letras muy bonitas :) y hay canciones en las que sus voces se lucen, pero sigo de acuerdo con que la distribucin de solos no es justa es un poco molesto eso",1,2,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is really good. It's cohesive, the vocals are great, the lyrics are fresh and relatable and the production is amazing.  A big step up from Reflection, considering their focused path in terms of sound this time around. Congrats to these ladies!",1,2,"May 28, 2016"
0,"There's just one song that is regular or good (No way). But the whole album is **** literally because isn't made by them, they did'nt write or produce so bad.",2,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Incredible album, it's pop infused with RnB, Island elements and EDM, a modern girl group masterpiece. It's very cohesive, has better lyrics and production than their previous album. It is also a lot more vulnerable. All their voices shine on this album, 'That's My Girl' and 'All In My Head Ft. Fetty Wap' are destined to be future hits after their BB Top 5 with Work from Home. I have to mention the Japanese tracks too though, 1000 Hands and Big Bad Wolf are bangers and should've been included in the deluxe.
It's great to hear the best vocalists Dinah, Ally and Lauren sing more.
No Way, Squeeze and Dope are definitely my favourites other than the ones mentioned above. But the rest of the tracks can't be ignored either, the album in its entirety is amazing.",1,3,"May 30, 2016"
6,"One might say they're manufactured. And with a good reason: they co-wrote only one song of the entire album. However, the vocals are well divided here, even if Camila gets the most solo parts (and that bothers some) and they can go from sassy and audacious to vulnerable and emotional, as well female empowering ambassadors. What really bothers here is that they don't have a defined sound, which is a reflex of their too mixed public. How can a group with 5 vocalists depend on male rappers to increase their mainstream success? For now at least it's working pretty well. But they need to take charge of their own career and define their sound if they want to stay around as a group in the long-run. Write On me, Not That Kinda Girl and That's My Girl are the highlights here.",1,9,"May 27, 2016"
0,"lbum cheio de fillers, nica coisa boa foi a diviso vocal delas que ficou mil vezes melhor que no Reflection. Mas fora isso... Chega num momento do lbum que voc torce pra acabar logo de tanta msica chata. Horrvel!",2,19,"May 27, 2016"
0,"Sounds very rushed. Not much diversity. All of the songs sound the same and end the same except for one, No Way. Not a well put together album. Listen to Dangerous Woman if you want a great album... Too rushed.",1,12,"May 30, 2016"
5,"What did i listen to? Total disappointment and it deserves to flop really badly. Along with Thank You and that Charlie Puth album, 3 of the worst albums of the decade in the same year. Well done manufactured pop stars with no substantial talent. Keep shaking your bum and make money, otherwise you won't do much better than that.",0,2,"May 31, 2016"
10,"A palavra INCRVEL no  suficiente para descrever esse albm, as meninas amadureceram muito musicalmente, de longe muito melhor que o Reflection. Os solos so perfeitamente divididos, cada uma delas mostra seus maravilhosos vocais e as harmonias so timas. O albm foi super ultra bem produzido trazendo ritmos e batidas contagiantes e gostosos de se ouvir e letras maravilhosas! Perfeito!",0,1,"May 29, 2016"
4,"Quem disse que o raio no cai no mesmo lugar duas vezes? No sei em relao ao fenmeno natural, mas em relao ao mundo da msica essa afirmao  bastante falsa. Esse  o caso da girl band Fifth Harmony e o segundo lbum delas, o mediano 7/27.
Depois de conseguirem sair do limbo quase certo com o sucesso surpresa do single Worth It  e, por isso, obterem bons frutos com o lbum de estreia delas, o Fifth Harmony repetiram o mesmo caminho para o lanamento do novo trabalho: 7/27 foi impulsionado pelo sucesso de Work from Home. Alm disso, elas repetem a mesma qualidade questionvel no lbum, apesar de entregar novos erros. 7/27  uma coleo de canes pop clichs que tiram o pouco da personalidade que as jovens mostraram no lbum anterior que puxava para um R&B urbano/pop. Dessa vez, a produo escolheu envernizar a girl band com o mais massificado do pop atual, adicionando eletropop farofa, baladas bregas, a presena nada criativa de rappers e a influncia do hip hop para criar a atmosfera radiofnica de algumas faixas. O pior, na verdade, no so as escolhas dos gneros, mas a maneira preguiosa e massificada de como a produo trabalha nas faixas como Write On Me, I Lied, Scared of Happy e Squeeze. Entretanto, o pior no  a produo de 7/27, mas, sim, as composies pobres e rasas das faixas, apesar de algumas funcionarem no quesito de criar refres grudentos. No que isso ajude a qualidade geral melhorar, pois o nvel  constrangedor. O que salva 7/27 de no ser uma verdadeira bomba atmica  o fato das cinco integrantes mostrarem algum talento vocal com a ajuda de uma produo vocal decente e a presena de alguns faixas interessantes como Not That Kinda Girl com a presena marcante da Missy Elliott, as boas No Way e Big Bad Wolf presentes nas verses especiais e, claro, o single Work from Home. At quando o Fifth Harmony ter a sorte de repetir o mesmo esquema de sucesso? Ou o grupo ir encontrar uma nova maneira de ter sucesso?",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
6,"I'll start by saying that THEY NEED TO LEARN TO GIVE PROPER DESCRIPTION OF THEIR MUSIC! I was anticipating a dc-esque album since few of them described it so however the end product is totally different. Anyway back to the main topic at hand i would say it's a pretty good album for pop enthusiast however contrary to popular belief it's not 'original' infact it lacks identity unlike their last album, which was horiible production & solo distribution wise may i add, but it still has its own singularity. moreover while girls shows off their vocality(normani doing f5 in just freaking chest voice, that ambiguos c5 in ggb, to dinah's intrinsic melisma) its genre still held them back from unleashing their potential to extreme....ps-people are only ignoring this album weak points considering lauren(fanbase fave) leads it and although her voice is worth listening tho this album still didn't do justice to her either.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"What comes with hard work is success, and in this case 5th Harmony's 2nd major LP release has showed the chemistry between each individual artist. Full of bangers, for good times and vibes, 7/27 is surely a commercial and acclaimed album.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
8,"Album full of bops. This album is incredible. It's no longer 'Camila and the others' but now everyone really shines. I like how they play with different sounds. My favorites are 'That's My Girl', 'Write On Me' and 'Squeeze'. My least favorites are 'The Life' and 'Not That Kinda Girl'. The only thing I didn't like about the album was that it was so short. 10 songs isn't a lot for a pop album. You can tell that the album was kind of rushed. Still, I like it a lot and I hope to hear more soon!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2016"
5,"No gostei nem um pouco de 7/27. As faixas so quase em sua totalidade genricas e parecem a mesma coisa. Eu fiquei at confuso, pois tudo parece to igual que s vezes eu no conseguia distinguir as msicas. Enfim, 1000 Hands e Work From Home (sim) salvaram o lbum. Dope, Squeezy e No Way so medianas tambm.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
7,"Fith Harmoney really impressed me. The EDM production is wonderful and the vocals are powerful.
Favourite tracks - Work From Home, The Life, Write On Me, Squeeze.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2016"
9,"It's already known that Fifth Harmony, unlike other groups that have one or two lead singers, is made of five great ones. This characteristic can be very beneficial, but at the same time it can be a real challenge when it's time to do the most appropriate vocal distribution. This album is able to accomplish that very well, better than the previous one; however, there's still some room for improvement on that particular aspect, in a way  that allows all the five voices shine.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony has done it yet again. Reflection was an amazing album and now they released 7/27 and it is so freaking good. It is honestly their best album so far - it has an entirely new sound and it fits them so well. You can hear all of the girls in the songs. Really good job, girls.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"The critiques lobbed against Fifth Harmony's '7/27' are all very fair. Even at its 'worst' the songs are still complete pop perfection. In all honesty there were only two skippable tracks, and the rest, even the ones that come off as 'chasing trends' are still tons of fun. Yes, it's true that the album kind of lacks any recognizable identity but for so many girl groups their identity was 'girl power' and songs like 'That's My Girl' and 'Not That Kind of Girl' fit that to a tee. 'Dope' might be the track that stands out the most. Mellow in the best way, and it embodies everything I like about this group and this album in general.
The album is a great maturation away from the slight cheesiness that plagued 'Reflection' but at it's core it's still captures the youthful spirit of the group. They did not compromise their maturity for a younger audience like some other groups and artists have done in the past. It's a great summer album, and it's ridiculously loaded with potential hits.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"Lyrically and vocally, this album is everything a person could want from a girl group. The solo distribution is spot on and the production is very well done. 7/27 gives off chill, EDM/pop, urban pop, reggae and alternative r&b vibes. Each song has its one mixture of genres to identify with while managing to form a very cohesive album somehow. This album is perfect for family gatherings or night club dance parties -- it is so versatile. Whether you want to kick back and relax or dance your butt off, this album is the best place to start. I highly recommend 7/27 (Deluxe Edition) if a fun, creative and interesting album is what you are looking for.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
7,"[ENGLISH] This album has good songs, good vocals and a good rhythm. Maybe if all songs were a little different each other, I mean, more variety of songs and lyrics in the album, I think it would be better.
[SPANISH] Este lbum tiene buenas canciones, buenas voces y buen ritmo. Tal vez si todas las canciones fueran un poco diferentes entre s, es decir, ms variedad de canciones y letras en el lbum, pienso que sera mejor.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
9,"Um album muito bem produzido, letras maravilhosas e boas divises de solos. Embora esteja um pouco confuso em relao a sua mensagem. No geral um album muito bom, mas no melhor q o Reflection",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
10,"O lbum est muito com. As meninas se arriscaram bastante em diferentes sonoridades, uma musica com uma pegada raggae, algumas bem pop e tambm foram para um alternativo. Conseguiram mudar bastante a sonoridade, comparando com seu ultimo lbum, Reflection, porm no perderam a excelncia! Realmente mostraram que so o maior GirlGroup da atualidade, e podemos ver isso nos charts.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
6,"While this album may show a new image for Fifth Harmony, it is definitely not as enticing or exciting as their previous effort, and there is definitely still room to grow.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
6,"is not a bad album, it has a really good production compared with the last LP, but generally there's a little bit of soul-touching songs, all fifth harmony records, including their EP 'Better Together', feel like are made only for the radio and the charts. It doesn't feel like if they are singing from the bottom of their hearts. PLUS, IN MY OPINION, CAMILA'S VOICE IS ANNOYING.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2016"
10,"Oh my God, speechless. I'm so freaking proud of this girls, this album is totally amazing, I can relate to each song in a different level and I just love it. Gonna Get Better is probably my favorite song of 2016 so far. Thanking God those girls are there slaying everyday.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
7,"All in all, a disappointing album compared to their last one. I know most people disagree will with me, but the songs on this album are just missing the melodies and the attitude from the last album. The production is different from Reflection, but I still like the new tropical house vibe they're going for. However, house production is notorious for making their singers boring. Although that isn't always the case here, FH struggle on a few particular songs to make their vocals shine through the production. Like their last album, there are also some major miscalculations in terms of song style. This is most notable on tracks such as Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign and No Way. The first is a snoozefest of an electronic R&B song, and the second is just a ballad structured completely wrong. However, songs such as All In My Head ft. Fetty Wap and The Life do a very good job blending the production and the vocals. Overall, I wish this was as good as their first album, but it's still a quality pop album on it's own merits.
Favs: All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, Dope, The Life, That's My Girl, Squeeze
Least Favs: Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign, No Way",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
10,"These girls are killing it aren't they? I mean really their hit 'Work From Home' is a smash hit and 'All In My Head (Flex)' seems to be heading in that direction also. I definitely think this is a great album and it for sure deserves a '10' from me! All of their hits are great and they for sure deserve a 10 for their effort this year.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2016"
10,"Don't listen to these guys who say this album is trash. This album's sound design, fluidity and utterly beautiful chord progressions are synonymous with Flume over the last few years. A phenomenal artist that continues to evolve and separate himself from the rest of electronic music being pumped out to the masses every day. He maintains his amazing distinct sound and this album is truly the best electronic album I have ever heard. An album that will remembered decades from now, a nice improvement on his first album which had more of a downtempo/chilling theme where as this one has several themes that blend together absolutely brilliantly.
The best electronic producer in the world. 10/10. He inspires me as both a listener and a producer myself, I salute you!",18,18,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Flume never disappoints, that's a fact! 'Never Been Like You' was just a sample of how he had evolved as an artist and producer, and now, with the whole album released, you can see that in each track. I really love it and and point to buy YES! Buy it on iTunes and on Amazon!!",16,16,"May 27, 2016"
10,"An amazing electronic album. It is authentically truly well produced, with great compositions and, by far, much more futuristic than the last album. Flume is the best!",13,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"While many ones thought it would be just a basic EDM album, 'Skin' comes and surprises everyone with futuristic touches, distorted and extremely well placed noise. By far, this one of the best EDM albums of the year - along with 99, 9% by Kaytranada.",12,12,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Realmente es un lbum sorprendente para la escena de la msica electrnica del momento,  no es solo una produccin electrnica mas y eso se puede sentir en cada tema con esos toques futuristas e innovadores, excelentes vocales, un trabajo con mas potencial que su lbum debut.
sin lugar a duda Flume es uno de los mayores exponentes de msica electrnica.",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Album ratings (do not read if you haven't heard album)
1. Helix 85
2. Never Be Like You (feat. Kai) 95
3. Lose It (feat. Vic Mensa) 90
4. Numb & Getting Colder (feat. Kuka) 100
5. Say It (feat. Tove Lo) 80
6. Wall F**k 85
7. Pika 80
8. Smoke & Retribution (feat. Vince Staples & Kuka) 90
9. 3 85
10. When Everything Was New 90
11. You Know (feat. Allan Kingdom & Raekwon) 80
12. Take a Chance (feat. Little Dragon) 95
13. Innocence (feat. AlunaGeorge) 90
14. Like Water (feat. MNDR) 80
15. Free 100
16. Tiny Cities (feat. Beck) 95
10/10 awesome album the best!!!",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"I am starting to  believe more and more that the so called critics are just people who don't enjoy Electronic Music.
Most of those reviews do nothing but showcase their ignorance of an entire genre of music.I was prompted to create an account after reading reviews of both Kygo's Cloud Nine and Flume's Skin.
Flume's Skin is simply put a masterpiece. I was surprised by how good Flume's debut album was, but I was never entranced by it the way I am with Skin.
Skin is more than an album, it's a journey. You are a raft on a river and you never know what the next stretch of the river will bring, be it a faster current, pirates, or a mellow breeze as you bathe in the sun. The sum total of that journey is what Skin delivers.
I am not a fanboy by any means, but Flume's sound has been polished so much that it literally shines through this album.
His choice of vocalists is fantastic. Aluna is always divine, but the vocal star of this show is Kucka. On Numb & Getting Colder, her voice blends in perfectly with the jagged yet oh so smooth edges of Flume's beat.
Flume's sound is so far ahead as to almost be it's own genre. I hate it when people categorize his music as EDM. In fact I hate that term. It's an umbrella term that means nothing at this point.
Melding various elements of House, Trap, Dubstep, Electronica, Bass, Hip Hop and RnB, Flume manages to create something sonically  unique, gripping and oh so authentic. You can never mistake Flume's sound for anyone else. Nobody else sounds like him.
Every song in this album is a gem, even the so called 'pop' songs, Say It and Never Be Like You.
So far this is the best album to come out of 2016, and it's not even close.",4,4,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"Always loved the way flume is doing his music.This LP is good if you wanna relax and listen to some beautiful music,if you wanna go on adventure this LP will give you that.Favourite songs  as of now Helix,3,Like water,Numb & gettin colder",3,3,"May 30, 2016"
10,"amazing lp, cannot name i single song i didn't love. great work flume, it's great to see how much you've matured since the first album which was already amazing in the first place!!!",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
9,"Flume continues to flourish with his very impressive production techniques, chord schemes and general musical understanding. Tracks like 'Free' demonstrate Flume's experimental ability with the shrill synths automated all over the place to produce this imperfect, non-mechanical feel which is incredibly difficult to pull off in the world of electronic music where the vast majority of it is aided by DAW and software plugins rather than recording any live instruments. The oozing synths on 'Take A Chance' really gripped me with how happy and charming Flume can be, where as tracks like 'Wall F*ck' showcase the depth of his sound palette. The jabbing, heavy use of distortion is very prominent in this piece. Other tracks with more pop appeal, including the big 'Never Be Like You', 'Say It' and 'Lose It' successfully amalgamate with the rest of the album.
This is an outstanding album. The only reason this didn't quite get the 10 was the omission of two tracks which were presented in the preview compilation. These two songs would have put the icing on the cake. Congratulations Flume.",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
9,"This album is a really great album considering that dance/electronic albums are payed much attention to or bought that much. But this album is very unique in sound and has a lot of great special guests such as Vic Mensa, AlunaGeorge and Tove Lo. Favorite songs of the album are Say It and Lose It! Stream on Spotify!",2,2,"May 30, 2016"
9,"Flume is at the top of his game with his sophomore release. He doesn't strive to produce club-banging hits like all the rest of EDM/electronic artists are doing now and days. He's actually interested in making music that has depth. Great contributions by Vic Mensa, Tove Lo and Vince Staples.
HIGHLIGHTS: Helix, Lose it and Say It.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
9,"This album takes the broad, diverse, and vase Flume 'style' further down the rabbit hole. A more diverse, intimate, experimental rabbit hole. I personally didn't hat any tracks on this album, except for maybe the weird singing on '3', and 'Say It' sounds quite commercial imo (still adhering to the OG Flume style), but other than that, it's incredible. Personally recommend Helix, Smoke and Retribution, When Everything was New, Innocence, Like Water, and Tiny Cities",1,1,"May 29, 2016"
10,"glad to see the user score reflect the album far better than the critics that publish these reviews. sonically this album is gorgeous, i love every song. harley is no doubt very very talented",12,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This guy is the phenomenon of electronic music. Where he gets these ideas from is mind-blowing, and it really shows in the album. An absolute must buy, this is going to be a modern classic in electronic music, as Zane Lowe said when he premiered one of the songs. Spectacular album.",10,11,"May 27, 2016"
8,"It's sad to see the current state of EDM is growing more and more dull in the mainstream and indie world, as we're currently in the year of Tropical House growing and becoming less unique. It's not like 2012 or 2013 when EDM was really growing, with bombastic buildups and massive drops to get everyone ready to go wild. However, this was also a perfect time for producers to get more experimental with their electronic music, and one of those acts that broke through was Flume. An Australian Electronic producer and DJ who started releasing music around 2011 before releasing his debut album in 2012, and he's kept his reputation in the indie world thanks to various remixes he's done. Four years later, Flume announces his second album Skin with fans and listeners becoming excited to hear new material from the guy. Even though I wasn't wild about that debut album mostly for going on too long and losing my interest too quickly, I have grown to become a huge fan of Flume and was hoping for something worthwhile with Skin, was I right?
Well here's the thing, Skin ends up being an album that finds Flume bringing his most oddball and weird tracks yet, even still it's an improvement upon the debut and shows Flume growing as a musician. And while this album isn't for everyone, it's still a great album all the same.
Let's start with the instrumentals, while Flume did some genre hopping on his debut, this album shows him try out other genres even more. From Synthpop to Acid House to moments of Hip Hop where Flume proves to be better at producing Hip Hop than most Hip Hop producers in music today. The chunky beats on Say It, the gleaming synths and trap hi-hats on Never Be Like You, the 80's inspired keys on Tiny Cities, and the acid house flavored Lose It all sound great with memorable melodies and catchy hooks to back them up. The best instrumental comes from the cinematic and trip hop touches of You Know, with Flume showing the most restraint and control ever for a song, creating both tension and attention to the guests. The instrumental tracks also stand out among the tracklist, from the carnival inspired When Everything Was New to the distorted and dark Wall F**k that perfectly describes the song as a whole. If there was an instrumental I wasn't a fan of it would come with Smoke and Retribution, mostly for it's choppy synths not complimenting Vince Staples and then a sudden changeup for Kucka's hook that feels out of place and doesn't match the more aggressive tone of the song.
One thing that Flume got an upgrade on for sure on this album are the guests he brings on board, with the likes of Raekwon, Beck, AlunaGeorge, Tove Lo, Vic Mensa and various others. Thankfully most of guests work well with Flume, the best being on You Know, and while Allan Kingdom is fine on the opening verse and bridge, it's Raekwon who kills it here with a verse describing gang activity and a suspicious man dating his niece matching the intensity of the song. Kai gives a solid performance on Never Be Like You, Tove Lo matches Flume's production on Say It really well same case also for Beck's laid back delivery on Tiny Cities, and the low-key yet passionate performance given by Little Dragon on the off-kilter Take a Chance are all great and compliment the album as a whole. However, there are a few weak moments, while Vic Mensa has some decent verses on Lose It he shouldn't have been on the hook and is really the only weak part of an otherwise good song. The contributions from Kucka make her a non presence on her songs, and MNDR's performance has very little worth caring about, same thing also for AlunaGeorge on Innocence.
So what about the lyrics? The themes throughout Skin include broken relationships, losing all control, sex, emotions and at one point a gang attack. Otherwise, most of this album is very loopy and not focused much on any real stories except for You Know. That being said, tracks like When Everything Was New seem to have undertones implying nostalgia of childhood memories and Wall F**k is just straight up about going insane with emotions and not being able to handle it all. However, my biggest complaint here with the album is the lack of direction, as I do wish Flume had more of an underlying theme throughout the album or if he shorten the album considering it runs for about an hour long.
Still though, Skin is a huge improvement from the debut and is worth revisiting for the rest of 2016, with some of the best material Flume has ever produced and maybe some of his most mainstream work yet. Even though there are a few weak and forgettable tracks and it runs a little too long, I still enjoyed a lot from Skin. So I'm giving the album a light 8 and a recommendation to fans and newcomers, though like I said at the beginning this album isn't for everyone and I'm pretty much okay with that.
Best Songs: You Know, Never Be Like You, Say It, When Everything Was New, Wall F**k, Lose It
Worst Songs: Smoke and Retribution",8,11,"May 27, 2016"
7,"This album suffers from the issues that plague most EDM albums nowadays. In short, it is a mostly great effort that is bogged down by being much too long, with too many sub-par filler tracks and uninspired vocal performances scattered in amongst some truly fantastic and surprisingly experimental music.",1,4,"May 31, 2016"
6,"I'm so sad. I was sooo hyped for this album. Turns out, it is just okay. Like how could you give this album a 10/10? There is so much filler, so much that sounds just unpurposeful and filler. The track with AlunaGeorge gives me nothing at all, it sounds so insanely boring and the vocals are so unnecessary. The same with When Everything Was New, that just leaves you with a feeling of numbness from the nothingness that this song resembles. There is some really nice experimentation on this album, i really love Wall **** Take A Chance, Numb And Getting Colder and i enjoyed the singles from this album. But it just sounds so undistinct and boring. For the most part, the singles are radio worthy, so thats kind of a problem. Because i expect of Flume, that he releases music, that is not jus t generic but has a little more depth to it. He proved that in the past, no question, with songs like More Than You Thought, the Tennis Court remix as well as other remixes, Some Minds and Drop The Game. But i get very few of that on this album. It is just a unsuccinct mess with a little bit of spark to it. Sad, very sad.",1,21,"May 28, 2016"
0,"I expected more to be honest, sound so cheap and annoying. I'm so disappointed. Don't buy it, it's not worthy. There's not even a decent song in the album, this is completely trash.",1,45,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Wow, what a listen. Filled to the brim with hits, Wall **** Lose It, Helix, Take A Chance stand out the most to me. All songs pretty solid, although some do seem to get lost amongst some of the more hard-hitting songs. Genre-flipping btwn hip-hop, trip-hop, and just good ol' glitchy electronic noise.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2016"
8,"Flume is a very good album with very good productions and very good artists, although there were moments on this album when it got kind of heavy. My favorite song may be Like Water. Recommended.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2016"
6,"Com uma carreira to longnqua e consagrada com a da Cyndi Lauper, a cantora tem todo o direito de se arriscar em projetos diversos e completamente fora do seu nicho de atuao normal. Depois do lbum de forte influncia eletrnica Bring Ya to the Brink de 2008, a sua incurso no blues/jazz em Memphis Blues de 2010 e escrever as msicas do musical Kinky Boots, pelo qual venceu o Tony, agora chegou a vez de Cyndi se aventurar pelo country em Detour, o seu dcimo primeiro lbum.
Detour  uma coleo correta e nostlgica de velhos clssicos do country americano que foram sucesso nas vozes dos principais 'fundadores' do gnero. Apesar da produo decente da prpria cantora ao lado do veterano Tony Brown, o lbum no apresenta nada de excitante e no acrescenta nada de novo nas releituras das doze faixas, ao contrrio do que fez no lbum At Last de 2003 em que reformulou vrias canes importantes do cancioneiro americano. Felizmente, a reverncia e o respeito pela integridade das canes, alm da adio de rock e blues, ajuda o lbum a ter um resultado final positivo. As escolhas das canes foram segura e um pouco batida, mas Cyndi defende cada faixa de maneira exemplar, dando a sua interpretao mpar para cada uma. Os convidados que participam do lbum mostram o carinho da cantora pelo gnero e, tambm, o respeito que a mesma obteve ao longo desses anos: desde nomes mais contemporneos como Jewel e Alison Krauss at lendas do country Vince Gill, Emmylou Harris e o grande Willie Nelson. Os melhores momentos de Detour ficam por conta de Misty Blue, Heartaches By The Number, The End Of The World, You're The Reason Our Kids Are Ugly e I Want To Be A Cowboy's Sweetheart. Um trabalho menor na carreira em uma carreira to elogiavel da Cyndi Lauper.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"Empowering, Bold, and a bit Political, but still fierce Bey like only she can. A living legend that has accomplished so much and has nothing to prove.",17,23,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",89,130,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums of the music industry. Beyonc slays again. This album is her most mature one ever and we can feel her and her message. One more time Beyonc destroys Rihanna's album, that it completely overrated and boring.",17,25,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The word 'masterpiece' gets thrown a lot when reviewing albums, but it's so appropriate in this case. Lemonade really is a masterpiece and her best body of work to date. In this album, Beyonc speaks about several topics, such as black rights, relationships, and womanhood. The reason why I love this album so much is because she talks about topics that I can relate to. As a black male, I really appreciated how Beyonc raised awareness about the oppression that black people faced for several years and are still facing today. It makes me really happy that someone as influential and powerful as Beyonc is bringing awareness to an issue that affects not only me, but several people around the word. Beyonc's Lemonade contains lyrics that touches your soul and amazing production that will keep you mesmerized for days, and for that reason, this album deserves nothing less than a 10/10. In the words of Anderson Cooper, 'It's Beyonc's world and we're just living in it'.
And to all of the Fleanna stans, y'all need to stop trying it with Beyonc and the Hive. It's been 3 months since it's release and ANTI only sold 369k in pure sales :deadbanana2: Y'all heauxs are nothing more than idiots who engage in recreational drug use and prostitution :ahh: Y'all Navy need to climb back in to y'all boat and save y'all flop fav Flopanna, because by the looks of things, your fav is drowning. That is all. :)",35,52,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"If someone still don't know what is art now is the time to learn. Beyonc made her best with Lemonade, I knew it'd be something special but this album is really strong, meaningful and inspirational. I honestly think she's an amazing artist and more than that, she's becoming a legend. Thank you, Beyonc. Lemonade is a masterpiece indeed.",16,24,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",30,145,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Really bad. This is crap compared to her previous recordings.Beyonce has really lost her mojo. She needs to step up her game... I only liked the song Formation!",31,157,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"I am really disappointed by Beyonce Knowles new album Lemonade. Its very flat and boring. None of the songs stand out, they all sound very basic to me. Furthermore, I am not a fan of visual albums because a good artist can express his vision or art with only his music and not with a movie or tons of videos. Really shocked by how terrible this album is.",25,128,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Horrible, terrible and extremely boring album, always proving why she needs more than 1.000 peoples to do anything. Sorry Beyonc, keep trying and being overrated.",35,189,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"the best album of Bey.
its sounds so good, cool.
i've no regrets for buying this album, it was worth it............
the rhythm of the songs is LIT.
so you SHOULD listen this album.
(by the way my favourites of this album are All Night, Sorry, Freedom and Sandcastles)",5,5,"May  8, 2016"
9,"The best album of 2016 so far. The film was amazing and so is the album. This record has such a beautiful message of equality and anti-discrimination. The highlights are Freedom, Pray You Catch Me, and Hold Up. This album has many catchy bops and some beautiful ballads too such as Sandcastles which is another highlight.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is a masterpiece! it's trip into the pain of a woman, really feel it.In his passionate path he focuses on the situation of black women in the United States, on the battles that for years have had to bear and still argue with dignity against racial discrimination: very significant in this regard, is an extract from the Malcolm X speech in which He argues that the black woman is the most discriminated against in America. The black woman as female and as a mother, as those of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Eric Garner, three of many young African Americans killed in recent years by the American police, who appear in the video holding in his hands the photos of their missing son . Poignant, passionate, feline and ruthless, Beyonce crosses the sea of feminine contradictions literally immersed in the water, where every complaint is muffled, blurred vision and zeroed breath but then suddenly everything becomes clearer, comes the self-awareness , the inner strength that opens all those doors that were previously closed, breaking its banks that too often women are self-build around and let the water flow away violent, while celebrating its rebirth.",3,3,"May 13, 2016"
10,"You know you that bi*ch when you cause all this conversation, Beyonc is one of those rare artist that can bring many topics and become them a conversation, amazing, just amazing, well deserved.",3,3,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Beyonc's new record is a masterpiece. So lyrical, so emotional and the most powerful racial critic from the life of the 21th century black woman. The best of 2016 so far.",3,3,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Details such a vivid internal struggle between sadness and hope. Songs spread across many genres; the diversity makes the album even more replayable. Every song is unique and beautiful in every way.",3,3,"May 18, 2016"
10,"Beyonc more than dazzles with LEMONADE, She has successfully crafted a record that actually triumphs her previous Masterpiece Self Titled. If Self titled was her declaration of ascension in Pop culture, then LEMONADE is undoubtedly a higher level of genius that shatters the way we view pop culture or Popstars on a whole. LEMONADE earns it's status as a masterpiece far greater than any other album since the 2010's decade. Beyonc has taught us never to underestimate her or think of her in a limited state of mind. Just when we thought Self Titled was her critical peak, she goes ahead and tops it! A feat no mere 'Pop Idol' can pull off. In a singles driven industry, Beyonc continues to push the envelope with above the bar album releases. A living legend who has mastered her craft. A warrior of a singer with flawless vocal execution and superior technique, yet unafraid to showcase rawness and realness. LEMONADE is the best album of 2016! She no longer makes mere albums, she creates conversation and cultural events",3,3,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Replayed it at least 50 times but it still doesn't get old! Amazing how even till now, 2 months after lemonade dropped I still couldn't name myself a favourite song off the album. I couldn't even pick a top5! Truly a masterpiece with a powerful message, it totally deserves to be the most critically acclaimed album of 2016!!! Now I'm starting to worry how her next album will top this....",2,2,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"E fomos abenoados como um novo disco da rainha Beyonc. Como era de se esperar, uma obra prima foi jogada na nossa cara toda de uma vez. Seguindo a linha do single Formation, Lemonade  repleto de mensagens polticas, empoderamento e homenagens s raizes da cantora. Isso j  o suficiente para todo o feedback positivo que o disco recebeu, mas estamos falando de Beyonc e ela foi alm, transformando o disco em um acontecimento e fazendo a gente agradecer (por ter a oportunidade de estar vivendo na mesma poca que ela) e poder passar os dias seguintes desvendando alguns aspectos.
Temos o j citado Jack White quebrando tudo na faixa Dont Hurt Yourself, o The Weeknd na sensual faixa 6 Inch, o produtor James Blake em Forward e outro artista que toca bastante nas feridas da desigualdade racial, Kendrick Lamar na incrvel Freedom (que no seu acompanhamento visual tem a modelo Winnie Harlow).
Temos referncias, samples, composies e uso de letras de bandas como Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Led Zepellin, Animal Collective, Father John Misty e Ezra Koenig do Vampire Weekend. Alm disso, no filme que completa o lbum, h aparies de artistas como Serena Williams, as duplas musicais Ibeyi e Chloe x Halle (que valem uma ouvida), e uma homenagem ao movimento Black Lives Matter com as mes de jovens negros assassinados por policiais.
Algum j imaginou uma Beyonc raivosa gritando por cima de umas guitarras distorcidas tocadas pelo Jack White? Cantando um reggae suavo? Usando samples de Led Zepellin? Ou com uma violinha acstica? Tudo isso  encontrado aqui. Isso  um verdadeiro amadurecimento como artista. Um encontro do blues, do r&b, do trap, do rock, do gospel, etc. Sonoridades novas, diferentes e inesperadas que ainda assim tem a cara dela do incio ao fim.
Imagine na era das informaes em alta velocidade esse disco estar sendo produzido, o filme sendo gravado, mais de 300 pessoas envolvidas e nenhum vazamento acontecer. Bey esteve envolvida em toda a produo do incio ao fim. E esse trabalho todo  uma confisso, um grito de raiva, uma exposio de seu lado mais intimo, onde vemos que mesmo do alto do seu posto de uma quase deusa na msica, ela ainda ama, sofre e sente.  nisso que devemos pensar antes de julgar apenas a quantidade de msicas boas pra pista.
No ltimo trabalho, nossa Queen B deu um reboot em sua carreira, digamos assim. Lanar um disco auto-intitulado como o quinto da sua carreira no foi a toa. Foi um recomeo onde ela alcanou um patamar acima dos artistas pop e ligou o foda-se para criar hits e alcanar topos dos charts, chegando nos topos dessas listas por outras razes que no o simples fato de uma msica ter uma coreografia icnica ou um refro chiclete.
Aqui a gente no precisa de bateo de cabelo e danas bem marcadas, temos outros cinco discos pra isso.",2,2,"Jun 19, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is Beyonc's best album yet. While Lemonade's vocals are not as demanding as 4, the lyrics are honest, brave, explicit, political and empowering.",2,2,"Jul  7, 2016"
10,"This is truly an amazing album by Beyonce. The depth of emotions expressed on the album, and the various sounds explored on the album are captivating. It's one of the best albums I've heard over the last 20 years. It's a masterpiece.",1,1,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"AOTY?
Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2016"
9,"Fascinating lyrics, crazy and slow beats, 'Lemonade' dont provide only an innovative fun, but it shows a great visual and musical concept that impresses. A little better then its predecessor, this album deserve its share of praises.",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
10,"This is the best album I've heard in the last decade it made me excited about music again. I honestly love every single track from 1-12, and that has never happened before. She definitely topped her self-titled album, and this is why after such a long career she's still evolving and still on top. Beyonce is what the music industry has been missing since 2013, and music since her self-titled album has been relatively boring, and she doesn't disappoint with her latest effort LEMONADE. From the different genres she successfully ventured, to the raw emotion and her brave truth behind all the songs. This album is a classic, and will go down as such, she's a legend and has proved to be up there with the likes of MJ, Prince, and all the other legends. Lemonade is a TEN.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Beyonc has a massive impact on not only the music industry, but the world and she knows this. She takes this opportunity to create inspiring and influential music that tackles social issues and can impact the world by raising awareness and changing how people view things. Beautiful (Sandcastles, Pray You Catch Me, Forward, All Night), melodic (Hold Up, Daddy Lessons, Love Drought,), and bad ass (Sorry, 6 Inch, Freedom, Formation, Don't Hurt Yourself), this is one of Beyonc's best albums to date. Long live Queen B!",1,1,"May 23, 2016"
10,"One of her best albums. Beyonc is not a singer who makes individual singles, she makes an entire album, and everybody know that. Just look at the position of her 6 albums ever released. The 6 stayed in #1 in so many charts. With Lemonade wouldn't be different.",1,1,"Jul 17, 2016"
10,"Such masterpiece !! AMAZING album ! Every single song is so unique, so strong and got a such power thanks to the tune, the lyrics ... Besides the whole album has a real message ! And it become more and more rare today !",1,1,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"Provavelmente o melhor lbum da carreira de Beyonc. Mesmo sendo to verstil com tantos gneros, Queen B conseguiu unir tudo e fez um dos lbuns mais coesos de 2016. O Grammy de lbum do ano j tem sua dona.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"AOTY!!!
She did the unthinkable and topped self titled a feat once I thought impossible. LEMONADE Is a masterpiece. she includes every genre, encompasses every sound, speaks to the struggle of women, celebrates black culture, addresses the problems in our society, and STILL IS COHESIVE!!!!! It's raw and wounded in the right places but has all the glister and shine of a BEYONCE album. Lemonade is true to beyonce's character and deeply personal while still being relatable and is a one in a lifetime occurrence and I'm just glad I'm here to witness it.",5,6,"Apr 28, 2016"
10,"Amazing album by one of the boldest female artists in the world, Beyonc proves once again that perfection is what she's striving for, here she isn't afraid to experiment with visual and genres.",4,5,"Aug 26, 2016"
10,"This is what 'ART' means! Power, truth, raw... LEMONADE proves that in pop music has people who think and makes the world think together. That's what the music industry needs.
Flawless can be a good word to define this album, but you know, I prefer magnificent.
It's Beyonc in her best way.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far!!! A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",4,5,"Jul 28, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work in her career. She continues to outdo herself and I'm happy to be in the BeyHive because of that. Not only did she release amazing music, but the movie was amazing and followed a plot. Just simply excellent.",4,5,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Definitely best Beyonce's album to date.
Since Beyonce's '4', she starts her album with ballad. This time, she starts Lemonade with 'Pray You Catch Me'. The harmonies of her voice and the instrument is heavenly.
Personally favourite is ' Don't Hurt Yourself ', it's like the greater intense version of 'Ring The Alarm'. The last few lines of this song kills. And her collaboration with Jack White on this song has an incredible chemical reaction. This is what I don't expect from Beyonce. Therefore, this song will be my favourite on this album.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Her strongest work yet. Incredible mix of songs. The only artist capable of something so complex and remarkable (not to mention without any leaks) is Beyonc. Perfection.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Unfortunately, before Lemonade dropped, I did not affix my weave securely enough. Now I have been violently SNATCHED and I am going to regular appointments with a hair specialist to try and get my weave back.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Rihanna es una perra...hrewghbuioipewioiuryioioiuyuriopewoiuytrtyuiophgrtyuiop`23456789876treertyugghgnbbngnnhbbehebheeehebehbehebehbehehbehebebeyubeuebeuebeuebeuee",3,4,"Jun 14, 2016"
10,"O lbum  maravilhoso em todos os sentidos. Poesia em forma de lbum visual, mais uma vez surpreendendo o mundo e criando novos padres para a indstria.",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's most thorough, thought-provoking work to date. An album about forgiveness, this latest piece serves to heal the listener, from the confident, finger-wagging lyrics to her equally impactful wistful performances.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A definition of true ART! she's topped herself yet again. I see a certain fanbase commenting their sad reviews but maybe if their fave gives them a good album one day maybe the hate will stop.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"I love this album. It is Beyonc at her most vulnerable and emotive. She took social issues, in-cooperated them with culture and poetry and coined an art that will forever leave a mark in pop culture. Its great and anyone who says differently is either just biased or just don't appreciate Art.
Thank You Beyonc",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"It is rare to experience an album that is so good that you just want to listen to it as a whole and exactly the tracklist order. This is raw, emotional, honest and just the best. It just makes me proud to have experienced it. Great Job QUEEN",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"One of many things that I wanna do before I die is to go to the shop and buy all Beyonce's albums and her songs, see all her films, and all the thing about her. ^^",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"By far Beyonce's best album. She covers everything from R&B, pop,reggae, rock and even country all while managing to be her  most cohesive album to date. With songs covering topics such as heartbreak, rage, loss and redemption. This is Beyonce' at her most  vulnerable and yet most fearless.",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Easily her best album to date. People craving for generic pop singles should walk on buy. This is a concept album that wouldn't have told the same story should any of it's elements was deleted. The production, the lyrics, the guest appearances and amazing visual make it an unforgettable record. This will go down as her defining album. As much as I wish her to come up with an ever better album I am afraid it is unlikely. The only song I was not crazy about was Love Drought but since the album premiere it grew on me considerably. Give it a few listens and the magnitude of her achievement here will reveal itself. Can someone please call Kanye West and tell him that if she does not win the Grammy for the album of the year he is justified to storm the stage and interrupt whomever would unjustly stand there lol",3,4,"May 14, 2016"
10,"One of the best pop albums recorded in the last decade which not only explores beyonces emotional state during a testing time but also solidifies her as more than just an entertainer..",3,4,"May 15, 2016"
10,"A beautiful piece of artwork. Lemonade paints a raw picture of what goes on behind the scenes of Beyonce's life. Her best work yet. Every song means something different, and there are no fillers.",3,4,"May 18, 2016"
10,"This album is best one I have ever heard. While listening 'Lemonade', you'll have a great mix of feelings in your heart. Thank you, Queen B, for this masterpiece.",14,19,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc is a real artist. This album is truly a masterpiece full of passion, truth and strong vocals. The fierce lyrics about Jay Z's mistake and the tenderness on songs like All Night, Pray You Catch Me and Daddy Lessons makes me see her as a person like me, and like all of us. Beyonc can turn her feelings into anthems for the people. And she can also raise her voice for those who has been forgotten for years. I'm so proud of her work, Lemonade is what pop culture needs for now.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lyrically, it's Beyonc's best piece of work by far. Visually it's beautiful, groundbreaking and well crafted. Great songs, well produced and Bey's vocals are everything. It's empowering, it's daring, it's different, it's diverse and consistent.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A true masterpiece, not only does the album has some of the best lyrics about heartbreak and love gone wrong but it also sounds like nothing out there right now. There is something extremely fresh about the album, I've been listening non-stop since Saturday and every time I found something new in both the melodies, arrangements and the lyrics. The visual part of the album is just the perfect companion that makes the whole album a work of art. Normally I can choose the best song of an album easily with the first listening sessions but with LEMONADE, I keep having a hard time to choose as there are 8 songs out of the 12 that fight for the best song spot and that is priceless.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"For over two years I wondered how Beyonce would top Self Titled, but with Lemonade I realize that I shouldn't have worried at all. Lemonade is a complete story from start to finish -- from first being handed the lemons via her intuition and Pray You Catch Me and then taking all of those lemons and turning them into the lemonade that is Formation. In between we are taking on a ride that's a roller coaster of emotions as well as a diversity of sound. Beyonce gave us r&b, soul, pop, rock, reggae and country -- and once again showed the versatility of her voice and ear. What a masterpiece. I'm still unpacking all of it, and I think that will take me some time to do.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lindo lbum, Beyonc  a maior artista da histria da msica, uma grande mulher para nossa gerao, a admiro pela sua voz, sua histria e o que ela traz de bom para o mundo com sua musica.",13,18,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Como diria una americano esto es masterpiece la calidad le gana a lo comercial su disco mas personal y honesto a la fecha. Las colaboraciones con The Weeknd y kendrick son excelentes.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"'I came to slay'
Queen B never disappoints!
On Saturday night, after the premiere of the film 'Lemonade' displayed on the American HBO, Beyonc released her new album - the same title - the first only in TIDAL - and since this morning, also on iTunes (where you have direct shot to first position, course, in more than 50 countries!). As she has shown in 'Formation', 'Lemonade' comes with a strong and positive speech against racial discrimination, a criticism of the imposition of white skin as a standard of beauty, and a further strengthening of the black race - while poking the wound violence to innocent young black men in the United States (only in the United States?), giving more voice to the movement 'Black Lives matter' (black lives matter)",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um album com tal genealidade no merece uma nota menor que essas , dentro da atual situao da industria da msica beyonc vem e nos mostra que ainda existe uma salvao , mas que merecido o titulo de rainha.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is simply an amazing album. Her anger is so naked and  her vocals changes in such a versatile ways. Even Adele cannot reach this level. Cannot understand if anyone question the quality of this album. This is classic and get over it you boring haters.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is amazing!
A real masterpiece! This is art!
She's becoming a legend.
This is what I've been waiting for.
This is what the world needs!!!
This is art!",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"An album very well produced, overflowing political messages, covers reggae, country and rock aggressively and faint when necessary, Beyonce wrote and produced ALL the songs from the CD 'Lemonade', an album that manages to surpass its predecessor in greatness, it is perfect listen to this album beginning to end, especially Hold Up, Daddy Lessons and Sand Castles.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, com musicas excelentes. Melhor lbum Lemonade. Todas as msicas timas para se escutar. Beyonc nunca decepciona, sempre se reinventa a cada era que lana.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  definitivamente o melhor do ano! Um dos melhores lbuns da dona do universo, Beyonc. So tantas faixas boas que fica difcil escolher apenas uma como favorita.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The album is amazing. The sound , the lyrics, the rhythms . Everything perfect. One of the best is the best album of Beyonce's career. The songs seem to be interconnected with each other. You can not even to realize the transition from one track to another . A job very well done and cohesive .",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"tudo muito diferente do que t a hoje no pop mainstream. E um diferente com qualidade. Gente, qual a dificuldade em levantar e aplaudir a Beyonc? Ela fez um lbum incrvel, falando de suas razes, identidade e cultura. Tem rock, country, R&B, pop, hip hop... aprendemos que no  s de farofa que se faz uma DIVA.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Melhor album do ano , uma obra de arte , para quem esta criticando apenas por recalque eu sinto muito , voces deveriam ter vergonha de voces mesmos , muito ridiculo",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Uma verdadeira obra de arte. Isto  o que o mundo precisa: ARTE! Ele traz uma mistura de ritmos com uma incrvel harmonia. O contexto do lbum  absolutamente maravilhoso!",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, algo totalmente diferente do que ela tem dado para os fs todos esses anos, magnifico. Falar sobre esse tipo de assunto  complicado, mas como ela e muitos por ai aborda sem medo do que vai ser dito pela critica.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, com uma sonoridade irreal, uma mistura de ritmos, Beyonc se superou mais uma vez trazendo um lbum recheado de contedo politico, trouxe a tona questes sociais com seu Filme visual e Formation, incrivelmente maravilhoso.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce conseguiu EXATAMENTE o que queria: Um album forte de tom poltico, que d voz para minorias, que abre os olhos da sociedade e exige um grito de PAZ!
E alm da grandiosidade politica nesse album, existe uma inegvel pluralidade de estilos, que s engradecem e abraam ainda mais esse album
==> Rock? ''Dont hurt yourself'' (Com sample de Led zepplin)
==>R&B? '' ''6 Inch'' ( Com The weeknd)
==>Hip Hop? ''Sorry''
==>Country? ''Daddy Lessons''
e o HINO desse album, que tem uma batida de fcil entendimento e letra poderosa
''Freedom''
==> obrigado Beyonce por esse album,  o que tenho a dizer",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is a masterpiece full of soul, humanity, desire, passion. Beyonce deliver something totally different in its solid discography and ascends as his most personal work and that shows that an artist can not just lust.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is the first time I have ever cried listening to a Beyonce album. It made me think and then reevaluate my life and situation. The music is very healing.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc continues to exceed all expectations I have for her as my favorite artist / icon. Lemonade solidifies Bey's influence and prominence in the landscape of American culture.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is definitely the best album of the year. It's fresh, new, nothing Beyonc had make before,it's personal (a lot personal) and raw. It talks about Jay-Z being unfaithful to Bey, with probably Rita Ora (imma kill that ****",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel! Com certeza o melhor trabalho da carreira dela. abordando temas como o racismo, coisa que nenhum outro artista seria capaz de fazer. Parabns Beyonc.",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Camacha deja de ser tan ARDIDA!!!!
Lemonade le patea el culo a ANTI en todo, calidad, voz, ritmos, crticas y muy pronto en ventas. :*
Adems que la rijuaha nunca se va a renovar en su msica, porque solo depende de los Ft :*",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Beyonce, amazing quality! As always the Queen B performing complete works with quality and social engagement ! Every work it consolidates its place in world music ! Strolling through various styles and strands the LEMONADE is a true work of art!",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"there are songs amazing and good; it's an excellent work!. 'Lemonade' is a great comeback to pop music and of course, Beyonc...
The major drawback is the quantity of co-writers...that is strange and gives to understand...'Beyonc needs huge number of people to be noticed and she doesn't write her songs without the help of others (Jay-Z",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work to date for sure. The production is next level, great vocals, and the features were implemented wonderfully. Great intro track, 'Don't Hurt yourself', 'Sorry', Hold Up', 'Daddy Lessons' and 'Freedom' are my favorites so far. The entire album is a Masterpiece",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This album redefines art in its truest and purest form.  Hardly do we hear such rawness and such honesty. I am glad Beyonce did this and showed the world the real struggles we all face in every area of our lives. I am proud of her growth!",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade es el mejor album de 2016, bajo mi punto de vista, Queen B, Se a esforzado  para hacer el mejor de sus albums, anti ju?, 25 ju? lady ju? pienso que lo unico que depronto podra quitarle el puesto es LG5, de lady kuin, bueno katy ju?? nada que decir el mejor album de 2016 hasta ahora :* besos en el shile",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade  um lbum excelente, com vocais surreais (como de costume), letras importantes que vo muito alm de traio (porque parece que certas pessoas s esto vendo isso neste lbum), tratando de situaes atuais... Uma verdadeira obra de arte, coisa rara nos tempos atuais, onde msica com contedo e mensagem  confundida com 'chatice'. Beyonc mais uma vez elevou o seu nvel de respeito. Uma lenda viva que incomoda muita gente burra de gosto bsico.
Obs.: Senhores haters, eu sugiro que vocs se situem, guardem a sua inveja da aclamao alheia para vocs e parem de escrever o que no tem nada a ver com o lbum ou descontar na Beyonc e seu trabalho maravilhoso (onde investiu mais de um milho de dlares e meses de trabalho) a sua infelicidade com a falta de impacto/relevncia/sucesso da sua cantora favorita.
Aqui no  o Facebook,  um site srio de revises. Insulto no  reviso. Ningum te obrigou a ouvir, nem assistir. Se esto se dando ao trabalho de procurar, ouvir e assistir um filme de 1 hora  porque no fundo so fs, caso contrrio, apenas ignorariam. Finjam que seus pais te deram educao e respeite o trabalho alheio e a artista.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"True masterpiece. It's a sneak peak into a person that stays from the media. She truly outdid her self here. The film truly adds a flawless dimension. In a time where the radio and sales control music. This is her saying she doesn't care and she does it beautifully.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc. The artist who truly knows how to encapsulate her artistry into a body of work. She does not only have good vocals, but also knows how to carry on a message through her music. She adopts a concept and carries it on throughout her work. Loving how she is truly proud of her roots and how she denies any form of racial violence. Lemonade is exactly what pop culture needed.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE!!
beyonce ishat a real Artist defines she is not always making the sae stuff nope! this Album offers rock,reggae,soul,funk,r&b AND Country! al thesongs are unique and Special , her voice is just like an angel from heaven she dont Need some technical Support. her voice is enough,,,",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Wonderful album.Beyonce exposed his soul in this album , so pure and transparent....Thanks for that, and the haters left crying...I'm proud of you Bey",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is such a wonderful album. Each song give me a different feeling. Beyonc really surpised us with this great comeback. A strong album that won't be forgotten easily.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Songs in this album sounds differently. Funny like 'Hold Up' and so grandly like 'Freedom'. Visual part of this album filmed so professionally and looks so good. B6 is so epic!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"It's Beyonce's Best Album. The Grammy of Album of the Year have a win. Rihanna never will made a album like this. And the best song is HOLD UP. readys",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Masterpiece, magnificent. The variety of styles that the album offers pleasing many types of audience is the maximum, without mentioning the dark and strong vocals on some tracks... Gorgeous!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"When life gives Beyonce lemons she ensures to make the BEST EFFING 'LEMONADE' out of it!!!
This album is about, the frustrations of living in a glass house, the lyrical eruption of suppressed anger, the strength of granting an absolution and moreover, realizing your own strength and roots and making it a point to celebrate it.  'LEMONADE' proves why Bey is the best in the game right now, competing with herself and herself only and not shying away from breaking the prototypes.
Lastly, immense LOVE and RESPECT to this formidable woman... LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Amazing album! I can't express the love I have for this album it is truly a masterpiece. It deserves to have 90+ here on Metacritic. Every track is either a 10/10 or a 9/10.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"How she manages to outdo herself every time is befuddling to me. I absolutely adore this woman and I am so glad I got to experience the album live on Saturday because I'm calling it from now, this is a moment in music history that will be talked about for years. Beyonce is changing the medium and changing the game and doing it so vulnerably. With the last two albums, specifically Lemonade, she has solidified herself as an ARTIST and not just a pop star (granted the pop star of our generation).",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"' Lemonade ' is more than a simple album of Beyonce is the fight for causes that need to be wide open and shown in many ways , and when artists with the global reach of Beyonc do it , and offer to carry through his art , they deserve to be praised and ears",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"this might be the best album of 2016. Beyonce killed it as always and Lemonade could be the best album she ever made. the songs are very catchy and meaningful and include some features like Jack White, The Weeknd and King Kendrick.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
9,"It's either a love or hate album. And for me I absolutely loved it, I hadn't heard a full Beyonce album before and was skeptical of the high ratings it received...But after listening to the album fully, multiple times, this album surpassed my expectation beyond what I thought Beyonce was capable of. The explosive fierceness of her vocals and the deep heartfelt message behind her songs really stood out for me, and for once I saw a clear vision of what Beyonce was trying to show and portray in this album. Many people giving this album 0 are very delusional and biased, listen with open ears and mind. Yes the songs in this album are not fit for pop mainstream radio but the instrumentation and vocals are pristine and polished. The country song 'Daddy lessons' completely took me by surprise and showed that Beyonce can go outside her comfort zone, somehow this song worked well in this album. This is an album Beyonce should be proud of and therefore a 9/10 from me.",4,6,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is an amazing album which shows the versatility that Beyonce has. The ability to combine a mix of genres but make it all seem cohesive. Beyonce keeps improving with every album, her albums are also much more artistic. I do not hate beyawnce anymore ;)",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Excellence. Her ability to use several genres and mesh them into a cohesive album is amazing. A true masterpiece. Beyonce really is the standard, and she continues to raise the bar with every album.",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Queen B !!
Revolutionary!!
who say that there is lying, because all that the queen Beyonc does is wonderful and this album is no different, on the other hand is one of the best !!",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is easily Beyoncs best album yet, a clear progression from her previous work and a musical triumph. Lemonade is by far Beyoncs strongest album!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Her best album since 4. It has many different genres and dealt with many issues that many people, men and women, face. I hope she continues to grow as an artist because I am loving what she is offering.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",4,6,"Aug 30, 2016"
0,"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",2,3,"Aug 26, 2016"
8,"The album makes me think in a neon cocktails sign with palms and martinis or a panoramic night view of Los Angeles in the 80s. Everybody's Heart Is Broken Now sounds groovy and nostalgic, perfect for a summer night at the beach.",0,0,"May 28, 2016"
6,"Honey, terceiro lbum da inglesa Katy B, est no meio do caminho entre ser um timo lbum e uma verdadeira decepo. Nem l, nem c. No  inesquecvel, mas passa longe de dispensvel. H muitos momentos mornos, mas h momentos que pegam no tranco e entregam o fogo necessrio. Honey, resumidamente,  agridoce.
A ideia central de Honey parece ser o de entregar uma sonoridade eletrnica/dance pop/R&B que consiga, ao mesmo tempo, eletrificante para as pistas e poder embalar coraes apaixonados e/ou quebrado. A melhor definio criada por mim para esse tipo de sonoridade  'msica para fazer danar e sofrer na pista de dana'. Apesar de ter todas as ferramentas e, de certa forma, alcanar o objetivo, Katy B no consegue encontrar uma maneira de fazer o lbum soar melhor do que uma bem intencionada e redondinha coleo de faixas bem produzidas. Ao chamar uma lista de respeito de produtores/artistas com o melhor do eletrnico underground da cena britnica, mas que, infelizmente, nunca encontram a receita perfeita para elevar a qualidade geral do lbum. Com batidas cleans e bem conduzidas, Honey careceu de uma mo mais forte para elevar as canes como  o caso do single Who Am I que tem com um dos produtores o Diplo. A faixa aposta fortemente em uma atmosfera R&B e uma composio forte e, tambm, viciante. Um ponto positivo em Honey  as suas composies que em momento nenhum caem no lugar comum ou se apoiam em clichs bobos. Entretanto, ainda faltou certa potencia criativa para mostra um lado mais visceral e marcante das crnicas sobre amor e desiluses. Um bom exemplo disso  a faixa Heavy que  um trabalho lrico elogivel, mas que poderia render mais com as aparadas de algumas arestas. O que  uma constncia em Honey  a prpria Katy B que transita entre as todas as facetas do lbum, das canes danantes at as mais 'paradas', com um graa, elegncia e versatilidade reconfortantes, aliando ao fato do seu timbre vocal ser deliciosamente delicado e meldico. Outros bons momentos do lbum so Chase Me, Lose Your Head e verso solo de Turn the Music Louder. Espero que Katy B no fique parada nesse caminho, mas que possa no futuro andar alguns quilmetros.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
0,"A pure and utter blandfest. Nothing more than that - this is the definition of mediocrity. But the thing is, it's not the worst album of the year. Oh no, Charlie Puth still holds that crown by far...",2,8,"Apr  7, 2016"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER!!! Include masterpieces such as 'Better Than Youreself', '7 Years', 'What Happend To Perfect', and 'Happy Home', all of the songs that the album feature are AMAZING!!!!!",1,7,"Apr  1, 2016"
3,"Sleep medication companies hate them. Local band, Lukas Graham, discovers the secret to make listeners sleep instantly without the need for sleeping pills. Listen to the entire 40 minutes without falling into a deep snoozefest if you dare!",0,1,"Jun 29, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine deviates from Zayns' previous work and displays the growth in his artistry. It's a cohesive body of work that flows completely through; there are no filler tracks. He really chooses carefully when to sing at full strength and when to pull back and his choices are stellar. The only difficulty is picking a favorite!",26,34,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise  hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",12,12,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice. I really love it.",10,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"There are lot of reasons to say that this album is going to BE the Album Of The Year.
1) The first and the most important reason is the authenticity that ZAYN has brought to this album. His song called 'Intermission:Flower' sees him sing in his native language which is Urdu. It is so nice to know that he remembers and appreciates hi routes.
2) The variety and diversity of the beats in the record.It is very easy to note the slick Production of the record,which is by the Double- Grammy winner Malay-Ho.Each song has its own vibe ,from the soultry ballad 'FOOL FOR YOU' to more upbeat and funky 'LIKE I WOULD'.
3) ZAYN'S VOCALS.It is a well-known fact that Zayn was the best singer in 1d with the best vocal technique and is an A-LISTED singer by critics.It is easy to see why it is so in this albu,. The riffs and high notes with the falsettos are out of this world.
So after one year of him leaving the band, Zayn Malik is showing the world why he did so. ABSOLUTE BANGER OF AN ALBUM,considering it BROKE THE RECORD by becoming the FIRST DEBUT ALBUM to be #1 on iTunes in 70+ countries. ZAYN,the solo artist HAS ARRIVED.
#ZQUAD.",10,10,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"AUMENTA ESSA NOTA AGORA!!! Zayn fez um timo trabalho ao sair da bandinha flop One Direction. O lbum  conceitual, tem timas letras e batidas relaxantes, um debut impressionante. Pisou no Purpose!",9,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"lemme tell you about how god blessed me. he gave us zayn who in turn zlessed us all with this album. it's honestly a soothing r&b  record. :) there's a reggae song on the target exclusive, funny lyrics but his voice totally fits the reggae tune. and there's this oldschool r&b track like Truth and She Dont Love Me maybe and Drunk is my all time favourite, Fool For You and Golden are beautiful. the type of songs you hear in movies.and the songs transistion so well like..any negative comments are from people who don't have an open minded attitude towards genres outside their comfort zone. J'ai fini :).",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Just an introverted boy justifying his thoughts about love, sex and humanity. His uniqueness is in another level, I think Zayn is going to be a memorable artist over the world.",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"One of the best debut albums of all time. Zayn did well leaving One direction. The sounds in this album are incredible and his voice... no words to describe this masterpiece. Proud of him and his music. ZQUAD.",8,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is one of the best albums I've heard in the past few years. I can't remember the last time I listened to an album and didn't want to skip at least one song on it. It's so unique as well. None of the songs are exactly the same as each other, even if lyrically and thematically the majority of songs are about love/sex. They still sound different and stand out as individual songs rather than blending together. I also can't think of one artist whose audience is mostly American/British teenagers/young adults, who has a track in Urdu on their album. Zayn has really gone out of his way to put himself in this album, something that he was never allowed to do with One Direction.",8,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Melhor coisa que ela fez foi ir pra carreira solo. Uma sonoridade relaxante e intimista. Amei o lbum em geral, vocais, instrumentais, enfim, tudo est timo.",7,7,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"people wanna evaluate zayns album for lyrical prowess and intellectbut that was never the plan
if you went non stop for 5 years without any break and you finally had some time to think for yourself would it come out in an organized and articulate fashion?
zayn never claimed for this album to be what people want it to bethe exact opposite of one directionwhat it was supposed to beand actually isis a true reflection of where he is in life, a lyrically vulnerable expression of his past his present and his future
he said it himself, mind of mine is a brainstorm, where hes experimenting with different sounds; a culmination of the craziness hes experienced so far
mind of mine is not trying to be anything else but a reflection of who zayn is, and that takes courage
if music is what he truly loves, then this album was extremely therapeutic for him and hes starting to truly process everything, and i love that; its a privilege to be able to hear the music that is bringing him back to who he is, hes sharing his journey with us, and thats more than i could ever ask for
eta: im seeing peoples tags, and i want to add that this album *actually is* lyrically strong, but i think people were expecting /refined/ lyrics, but thats not where he is right now, and instead of forcing it, he shared where he is, and thats nothing short of genuine and fearless.",7,7,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine perfectly captures Zayn himself-it is an accurate representation of who he is as a person. While every song is different, they all flow together perfectly and show that he has a very versatile voice. I can't wait to hear more from him!!",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may not yet be at Justin Timberlake's level but the effort and genuineness is seen throughout the album. The vocals are brilliant. he will go a long way.",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"better than 1D pop .... songs like pilliw talk its you ....bodrez..tio...fool for you intermission the flowers are my fav....And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"The album starts with the intro where Zayn invites the listener to open up and see what's inside his mind.All the tracks transition smoothly from one to another. The songs are lyrically powerful and each has a different vibe therefore making it very versatile . what is amazing about this album is the track intermission:flower as it is written and sung in Urdu which makes this song therapeutic and very pleasant to listen to and an out of the box effort gone right. There's just one feature and that is by Kehlani and her vocals are beyond amazing , the texture of her voice is sexy and both her and Zayn's voices blend perfectly together.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Amazingly those who criticize Zayn's work for leaning too heavily around the realms of sex, are dismissing the fact that most artists nowadays shy away from the topic and use 'love'  to deter people's audiences away. Lest as an artist he is exploring both love and sex, but not putting them under the same category, which is refreshing.
Zayn's ability to show his heritage through Flower Intermission, shows a more mature side of him. He is allowing people to feel open about their own religion, which can often be frowned upon in media, especially by artists of colour.
As to concur; don't dismiss this album for it's themes, if other albums can be treasured and highly commended even though it is filled to the brim with different lyrics about love, then so should an album that is more exploit.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"I love everything about it. From the intro up to the last song. It just blows your mind. Amazing debut album!",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"For a debut, this is a solid pop-r&b album. Zayn's vocals were the highlight of listening- his voice is the one of the strongest out of anyone in pop today and it especially shines in songs like It's You, Flower and Rear View. His ability to emote in his songs adds a personal element to an album many have criticised for being contrived. Lyrically, the album is clunky in places, but again the superb quality of Zayn's voice and delivery are the focal point of the album for me. As he wrote on every song in the album there is clearly a personal touch, and through his voice you can hear the emotion and effort he put into the album. I really got the sense rather than just trying to produce a cliche album to tick boxes and sell records, he was doing his best so build on the greats that influence and inspire him to show the r&b world what he's truly made of and show off his creativity.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"If you've listened to One Direction pre-Made in the AM, you already know that Zayn is a talented singer. But on Mind of Mine, not only does his vocal ability shine in its full glory  it also becomes evident that he is an excellent songwriter. The album, to me, comes off as heartfelt and well thought-out. It's also versatile, both in musical styles and in moods. You have Like I Would, a catchy bop, you have It's You, a crooning ballad, and you have various shades of modern r'n'b all throughout. And the moods are important, too: Zayn has gone from being toned down and whitewashed in One Direction, to singing in urdu and keeping a beard on his face, and singing about **** and how 'it's time you see the truth'. The song Befour sounds to me like a **** you' to anyone who was rude to him after he left: 'so say what you wanna say/shame is that you won't say that to my face'. But there's a gentle side to the album as well, like in Drunk, where he sings 'right now I'm emotional' and 'I hope I haven't said too much'. I also find it very sweet how he in the sexually explicit Wrong (ft Kehlani) not only says 'I'll get her wetter than ever' but also 'clothes off and she's so soft'.
Mind of Mine is a very atmospheric album, and the only reason I gave a nine instead of a ten is because I believe this is only the beginning for Zayn.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Zayn did me good, there is no bad track on Mind of Mine. All 18 songs are",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"this album > my life. zayn really went off and the only reason yall giving it bad reviews is bc of one direction lol how petty can yall be lmfao. his voice was amazing w/ high notes thru out the album, the beats were poppin, and the lyrics were deep.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"For a debut solo album it's amazing! Zayn seems to already found his own sound such early on and there is nothing like this album. Many compare it to the works of The Weeknd and Frank Ocean but the similarities are quite faint so don't come thinking that when you hear Mind of Mind that it will sound like The Hills or Pilot Jones. Zayn has his own unique sound and no two tracks are a like. Zayn shows incredible versatility in the album as well having upbeat dance tracks, slow ballads and smooth sounding alternate R&B.  Lucozade is probably one of my favorites on this album, it has no chorus or hook. The way the song was written is amazing as well as the metaphors that are instilled through out.This album is like no other I have heard you should give it a listen!",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"This was a fantastic debut by any standards. Standout vocals, some really brilliant production. While his lyrics may have let him down a few times, he's proving more than capable of doing bigger and better on the next album. I really liked that this wasn't a throwaway album like Purpose. The latter's singles were the only songs worth listening to. Whereas this album works far better as a whole, although I find a new favourite each day. I'm excited about his potential! Well done!",6,6,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Love Mind Of.Mind . I am not a big 1D fan but I have always been impressed with Zayn's voice.  All the songs are well produced, the vocals are soaring and nuanced and the lyrics change meaning with each listen.  He should be proud of this album. I am very proud of him!!!!!  I love ' She Don't Love ME' Tio, Befour, Like I would, borderz, bright is my new favorite .",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"splendid...zayn's got impressive vocals... loved lucozade, rear view, borderz, truth & wrong.. every single is enjoyable.. it may not appeal to mainstream audience though..",5,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"I was actually really surprised by this album and the amount of depth Zayn exhibits. I think the subject matter really ranges from the obvious (sex) to songs more focused on his own growth. Production for the album is without a doubt off the tracks. The beats and transitions are so impressive and musically its superior to a lot of artists out there (i.e. JB who puts out the same beat to each song w/ no variety). I think he's really pushing his own boundaries and growing as an artist. It's definitely gets better after a few listens. I recommend the standout tracks as: rearview, wrong, she, drunk, befour, like i would, tio, fool for you, lucozade, and intermission:flower.  it's a really strong album and i think if you listen to it without bias you'll see a lot of promise in him around the board.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I didn't know what to expect from this album but it definitely exceeded any of my predictions. In Mind of Mine,  Zayn really showed off his vocal abilities with smooth runs, beautiful falsettos,  and a thick roughness to his voice that definitely suits him for R&B. This album however,  isn't just R&B; it feels like a mixture of R&B, light pop and a side of EDM. Favorites of the album include :She, Drunk, Rear View,Tio, Wrong, and Lucozade. I definitely would recommend this album to others who love music and are interested in some new fresh material to listen to. Zayn really showed a side to him that many didn't know he was capable of. Very strong debut album!",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I was lucky enough to hear an early preview of this album thanks to the lovely folks over at RCA and I went in expecting good things. I couldn't even have begun to imagine just how good it was going to get, though. The singles we were teased with in the run up to the album release were just a fraction of the talent that Malik possesses: from the spine-tingling vocals and beauty of iNtErMiSsIoN: fLoWeR to the lyrical genius of tracks like rEaR vIeW, almost all mixed with the kind of beat that's going to pulse through summer 2016. I had high expectations of Zayn's debut and he exceeded every single one of them. This is only the beginning; I can't wait to see what comes next. Other highlights of the album for me: the unexpected shift of BRIGHT; the unusual structure and pace of lUcOzAdE; and the summer-ready vibe of DO SOMETHING GOOD off the Target exclusive edition. And that's before you even get me started on the vocals and the range that he's got going for him. Mind of Mine is fresh, unique, and set to put Zayn on the map as a solo artist.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"The sound and the vocals of this album is absolutely incredible. Zayn did an amazing job for his debut album. He provides different sounds but still the album sounds extremely good as a whole.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A great way for him to start his solo career. The album is showing who he is and what he can offer, the songs are great and he has one of the voices from this generation. Can't wait for his second album.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I am not in the age group of his target audience but i have to say the album is so brilliant. I literally opened an account here just to say how good this album is. This young lad has an amazing vocal texture- a real talent right there. There are songs for every mood. Way to go young boy. Incredible.",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"His voice is so raw and beautiful, he has a broad vocal range which you can understand from the high notes he hit especially in sHe and BeFoUr. Every song has its own musical structure which is pretty original and pleasant to listen to. Mind Of Mine succeeded to exceed my expectations from a debut album.",5,5,"Apr  2, 2016"
10,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may be a better headstart than Justin Timberlake's level. most of the songs are great, although some lyrics were weak but still there are powerful songs like befour , its you , Rear View , borders, Truth , Lucozade (which is a fantastic freestyle !), no boring meaningless song. which is very good... overall I really like His album!",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"Mind of mine is not only an music album. Its the dream of a boy that has been fulfilled in his manhood. Every songs are different and I couldn't skip a single song. All songs are my favorite. I also loved the song Flower sung in Urdu and hoped it would be longer.",5,5,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"The album is fantastic. Zayn is a superlative artist, has a great talent and I believe this is just the beginning of a long career for him. Mind of Mine is one of the best albums of 2016!",5,5,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a solid debut for a kid that has been creatively stifled for years. His voice is undeniably beautiful, overall this album is fresh and a hope for the new pop scene! I'm looking forward for his tour! really excited!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"This album is definitely a solid debut. There's a huge range of songs which show off his strong vocal capability filled with funky, well-produced beats. This was not an album made to impress anyone and you can feel its genuineness come through in his raw vocals. You can see it in the little bits of experimentation in different structures of songs and the overall unique sound. Lyrically, he could improve but nothing feels too 'cheesy' or try-hard, which makes it a lot easier to listen to if one tiny thing doesn't fit. This album deserves a few listens, because you uncover more every time. This may not reach the heights of popularity as one direction did but it definitely appeals to a more mature audience and has an overall funky, chilled-out feel to it. If you're willing to step a little out of your comfort zone this is definitely worth a good listen.",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a genre of it's own. As Zayn himself stated, he is not trying to label himself anything. He is just doing what feels right to him and what makes him happy, and this album is the perfect reflection of that. There is some R'n'B influenced sound to some songs, there are some insanely well produced ballads, there is even some chill Reggae  that tastes great with a joint or two.
It doesn't happen often that I genuinely like every song on an album, much less an album consisting of 18 songs! But Mind of Mine is a brilliant exception with not a single skippable song. And you cannot listen to it in any other order than the original one, because you'd be missing the absolutely thought through, magical  transitioning from song to song. (My favourite is Intermission : Flower to rEaR vIeW and BLUE to BRIGHT)
Besides the breathtaking production, other worldy, flawless vocals and genuinely strong songs, Mind of Mine deserves 10 extra points for its diversity and experimental elements. Honestly, kudos to Zayn for not restricting himself to one set genre, for not fearing to experiment and for following his heart. It really did pay off!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the best thing I've ever heard in my live don't @ me. I cried in the middle of the night listening to it for the first time. Zayn deserves all the Grammy's.",5,5,"Apr 13, 2016"
7,"Zayn Malik has already stated he never truly felt comfortable with the music One Direction recorded, even going so far as to say he was forced to re-record vocals if a take sounded too R&B.  Simple fact is, those words paint a picture of someone wanting to stretch out a bit.  On Mind Of Mine, Zayn steps out of the shadow of One Direction for the most part, delivering a decidedly pop-infused R&B album.
Sequenced as it is, the album gets the Im a man now statement out of the way right out of the gate after a brief intro.  Pillowtalk is classic steamy-lothario R&B filtered through Zayns vocal stylings and James Ryan Hos production style.  As the style goes, its been done before, but it gives a refreshing burst of energy to set the tone for the rest of the album.  Gone are the restrained vocal takes of the group he once called himself a part of, and in their place are impassioned, over the top vocals.  Not quite into Adam Lambert-level glamazon over the top, but getting close to it.  And immediately following that, the steamy-lothario mantle drops away and the crooning heart-throb comes out.  Its You is yet another baldly transparent bid by Zayn to show he can do something other than the buffed-to-an-inch-of-their-life pop vocals most know him for.  Transparent, yes, but the hitch here is, he pulls it off, so obvious though it may be, it works, and provides a fine counterpoint to the steamy vibe of the first track.
The best, and at times worst, thing about this album, is that Zayn is too busy trying to be a chameleon.  Is he the steamed up mid-20-something sexpot of Wrong?  Is he the trying-to-be-Sinatra-with-a-falsetto crooner of Fool For You?  The mood jumps and shifts enough to make the album feel unfocused.  Not to say these moments arent well executed for the most part, with a few expected stumbles which one would expect from a debut album (Lucozade is one of them, as the track never really picks up steam, just kind of shows up and fizzles out.)  Also, one of the more solid moments, the propulsive earworm Like I Would is a deluxe-edition only track - a decision that is a bit of a head scratcher.
Overall, Zayn has done an admirable job of stepping out of the shadows of his previous group.  Reports have indicated he is already hard at work on a follow up.  Mind of Mine shows promise - it is simply trying too hard to be too many different flavors of pop glossed R&B for every kind of listener.  To some extent, it reflects the man behind the music - Zayn left One Direction [according to reports] to be able to live a normal life.  The scattered moods found here suggest that he got tired of normal rather quickly.  Looking ahead, even though this approach is a worthwhile effort to avoid being stagnant, (see the 1-note 1-subject slogs of boring cheesed up sexuality that are most of R. Kellys work over the last decade for an example of stagnant) going all over the map to avoid that curse can be a curse all its own.  Sharpening the focus for album number 2 could reveal a truly exceptional slice of this particular flavor of music - time will tell if Zayn and all involved manage to pull it off or not.",4,4,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"I think this is one of the most interesting debut of the past years. All the tracks flow like a stream of consciousness over wisely produced bases. It's a clear declaration of independece from the bubblegum pop and daddy rock vibes of his previous works with one direction. The interlude 'intermission:flower' is one of the most beautiful and most important things of the year so far. His vocals are amazing and impressive, his songwriting is improvable but after all id a solid debut and it can only get better",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing, it exceeded my expectations. You can tell that Zayn worked very hard on this album I'm so happy that he had this chance to express himself with solo material. All the tracks are incredible that it was hard to pick a top three, but the best songs on this album include Drunk, Wrong (ft. Kehlani) and Rear View. Listen to this album you won't regret it!",4,4,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"The most complete album, musically and vocally, since Justin Timberlake's 2020 Experience. It should win the Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2017 Grammy's!!",4,4,"Mar 30, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is the perfect name to describe this album, it feels like a brainstorm, and it works. there's something here for everyone, but it remains cohesive and flows perfectly. in addition, his voice is highlighted in the greatest way, the tracks show his incredible vocal ability and versatility.",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"It seems that many of the negative reviews on this album are due to people just assuming things because Zayn was previously in 1D. If you take the time to actually listen though, it's obvious that he is insanely talented. Disliking 1D's music does not mean you have to dislike Zayn's. I've seen numerous people say that they are not fans of 1D, but that they enjoy Mind of Mine immensely. I think everyone should give this album a chance and not listen to it thinking 'I will hate this because he was in 1D.' There is a wide variety of songs on the album, and his voice sounds great in each one of them. My personal favorites are Drunk and Golden (from the Target edition). I think Flower and Lucozade are interesting songs on the album. Flower was recorded on the spot randomly, while Lucozade was done in just one take. Overall it's a great album and a wonderful start to a solo career.",4,4,"Apr 12, 2016"
9,"For a debut and no doubt a brainstorm of ideas, the album is amazing. Id say he is the best male vocalist out at the moment with incredible versatility. As for the lyrics, at times are sloppy but overall pretty good and he can only improve from here. Im sure people will right him off without a proper listen and there is so much lazy journalism out there towards this album, but hey, their loss.
The stand out songs for me are; borderz, blue,drunk, befour and the intermission;flower sang beautifully in Urdu.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Most of the tracks on the album aren't songs that might immediately make you want to belt out the lyrics. The complexity of some of them, the new and exciting direction gives them the edge of the listener wanting to listen again and again just to really GET that strange vibe. And after a few listens, you realize that oops, the song just became your favorite. Those songs, like It's You with the hypnotizing chorus and Befour with the soothing yet sexy beats, are a stark contrast to the songs that DO actually make you want to nod your head and let everyone in on. Wrong, Like I Would and Pillowtalk feel like instant hits the moment you listen to them. And of course, my personal favorite thing about the record is just listening to Zayn croon out those heartfelt lyric with a voice like velvet, a voice that just screams 'I'm doing me. I'm real.' So to anyone claiming that Zayn is doing this or doing that to be edgy, to make a statement: he's just being himself and honestly, not giving a **** Which is admirable. So yes, I would definitely recommend this album so you don't miss out on this phenomenon.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"it's simply the best solo debut album,rather than comparing him to frank ocean to weeknd,who are already acheived big,He never wrote anything with 1D now he's making music what he always want to make",3,3,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"this album is amazing, i can play it over and over without getting bored. this is definetely a good start for his amazing solo career. very excited to see what the future brings to him and to us",3,3,"Apr  7, 2016"
9,"Enjoyed this album immensely, especially Wrong and Drunk. Flowers which was in urdu was a really beautiful song as well. Majority of the lyrics were good and most songs had a good beat. Importantly his voice and his high notes were amazing.",3,3,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Very impressive and solid debut album. Mind of Mine showcases Zayn's effortlessly smooth vocals over impeccable production, kudos to Malay Ho, XYZ, and Lennox. It is an atmosphere and beats based album which has a variety of influences, ranging from soul, R&B, pop, and even reggae. One of the album's biggest strengths is the diversity of sonic influences, and how it still maintains a singular underlying thematic element to tie the entirety of the record together. Zayn is easily one of the most talented vocalists of his generation, and Mind of Mine further proves this. Effortlessly showcasing a number of G5 notes, Zayn stuns- unsurprisingly. His smooth, decadent tone is one of a kind. And last, but certainly not least, Zayn's inclusion of an entire song (Intermission: Flower) in his native language, Urdu, is a statement in and of itself. In a music industry that is depraved of nearly any Desi individuals, Zayn stands out all on his own as a British-Pakistani Muslim. All in all, Mind of Mine shows glimpses of artistic genius, and what I am sure is a promising career ahead of Zayn. Don't let his boy band roots stray you away from this masterpiece. 10/10.",3,3,"Apr 13, 2016"
10,"Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect!",3,3,"May 10, 2016"
10,"loved it it was good, good job Zayn. His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",2,2,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"AMAZING WORK BY ZAYN!! He wanted a new road from old band One Direction to show a new risky move. From sexy 'PILLOWTALK' to ballad 'fOoL fOr YoU'. Or his dad's Urdu 'fLoWeR'.
You can't miss this brilliant piece of work!! Best album so far with Queen Beyonc, and ZAYN.",2,2,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in",2,2,"May  1, 2016"
10,"Absolutely AmaZayn! One of the greatest album ever if not the best. Sick tunes with profound vocal variations, not to mention the mesmerizing high notes especially the severity of G5 note he belted in sHe. We might have a hard time hearing the songs of this calibre again. Personally i can't get enough of Pillowtalk, BeFour, sHe, Flower, dRuNk, TiO, Borderz, Bright, Like a Would.",2,2,"May  3, 2016"
7,"This is an exceptional album that not many would have seen coming from Zayn Malik. Any 1D fans that were expecting the commercial pop tracks they would typically receive from the band when Zayn was a member would be majorly disappointed by this album. Therefore, Zayn leaving 1D was a huge risk, but clearly a necessary move he had to make since he had his own talent to offer. This album sits high in the current landscape of music along with many other RnB musicians.",2,2,"May  8, 2016"
9,"Mind of Mine is a great album,Zayn is much better solo than in One direction.
The Album has amazing song (Pillowtalk,She,Like i Would,etc...).
Zayn has a spetacular Vocal and differents shades in the songs.
Its a great begin to Zayn....",2,2,"May 12, 2016"
7,"ZAYN  a prova viva de que uma cabea pode pensar melhor do que cinco. Aps abandonar seu antigo grupo conhecido como One Direction, ZAYN se liberta do meio pop genrico e exaustivo que tanto o prendia, e, em seu primeiro lbum solo, Mind of mine, ele apresenta um trabalho formidvel recheado de boas intenes.			A princpio o disco se destaca em vrios quesitos. As sonoridades de todas as 17 faixas so complexas, viciantes e entorpecentes a ponto de te fazer querer mais e mais. Os arranjos assim como as composies so extremamente bem trabalhados, e como se tudo isso no bastasse, a voz sedutora e flexvel de ZAYN torna tudo muito mais claro e prazeroso. PILLOWTALK e BeFoUr, so nitidamente umas das canes mais atraentes do disco, mas  apenas em Wrong que ZAYN beira a perfeio juntamente com os vocais bem acoplados de Kehlani.				Em alguns momentos, as canes apresentam um potencial no muito bem explorado, o que de maneira alguma as torna ruim, mas deixam de ganhar um pouco a mais de credibilidade. O nico breve momento em que o sentido do CD  perdido,  na stima faixa, INTERMISSION:FLOWER.				Talvez para alguns fs que anteriormente acompanhavam o trabalho do 1-D, Mind of mine pode ser considerado uma reviravolta chocante e promissora na carreira de um artista com muito talento e com um inevitvel grande futuro pela frente. Certamente achamos nossa Beyonc na verso masculina. (B)",1,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
7,"O lbum  gostoso de se ouvir,tem um bom fluido e propsito.Os singles so timos,mas as melhores msicas so She e Drunk.Elas merecem um videoclipe.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"The album debut of Zayn Malik is truly amazing. When I finished listening to the album I completely forgot that he was in 1D. This album has sounds unusual but certainly these are a treat for the brain. This is one of the best albums this year. My congratulations to Mr. Malik.",1,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Honestly I am not in in One Direction's demographic but I have been waiting on Zayn's album since I heard his voice in one of their songs in about 2013.  Mind of Mine is really good.  My favorite tracks are ' She, She Don't Love Me', Bright , Be Four , TIO,  actually all of them .  My only complaint is that ' Flower ' should have been longer.  This is an excellent first album.",12,13,"Mar 26, 2016"
9,"With a mix of The Weeknd's sound and lyrics, ZAYN's Mind of Mine it's a different face of Malik's work in One Direction. As it happened with Miley Cyrus' Bangerz, he wants to left the image he had with the band.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Of course some songs stand out more than others, but every song is enjoyable to listen to - there are none that are completely distasteful. His tone helps carry the songs, as it is beautiful and soothing, yet slightly rough too. He shows his diversity throughout the course of the album, with several ballads, such as Fool For You and BLUE. Also, some more R&B influenced songs like Drunk, Wrong, TiO. But what he does which no other Western mainstream pop or R&B singer has done is include a song (intermission) which he sings entirely in Urdu. This album really shows the blend of his cultural and musical influences. His Pakistani roots shine through in Flower (and the end of It's You), and the R&B that he loves so much from his dad listening to that type of music as he was growing up, is definitely incorporated into the album. Another admirable thing, for me at least, is how he is straight to the point; he is incredibly honest with the lyrics and holds nothing back - whether it's talking about falling out of love, his sexual desires, or how he feels he wasted time in the past and now this is his time to be the real him.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"It's an amazing album with songs that are quite pleasant and makes relax if you feel stressed out, and the best part of it it's Zayn's wide vocal range, you can hear through the entire album and it makes you feel like you're in heaven.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his debut effort, this is exceeds expectations. The vocals are emotive and raw, you can actually feel him pour his emotions into the songs. I've seen people say how he's singing about sex. Yes, he is but that's not all? If you actually listen to the lyrics it's an even mix of pain, being made to feel like a puppet and manipulated, how he's had a rough time with love, and how he'd go above and beyond for the one(s) he loves. Saying he's just singing simply about sex is and insult to him and his music. This is an album where every single song is a jam, whether it's a dance song, something chill, or a ballad. Not one song is just a filler for the album, which says a lot considering there's 14 songs on the album, 18 on the deluxe version, and 20 on the target exclusive.",9,10,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"album maravilhosoo pisou na discografia do 1dlixo, serio muito bom mesmoooooooooo um luxo de album, 1d could never, pisou nos lixossssssssssssssssssss",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his first album, he has managed to pull together an album that not only expresses himself as a talented singer-songwriter, but also gives the listener a sense of the potential they should except from Zayn in the future. The songs fall into a wide-range, and each one has a personal touch from Zayn himself. His music is a far-cry from the manufactured pop he was singing from 1D.
The album is very cohesive and beautiful.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Amazing sound! I think this is a great start for this young man. His writing improved a lot since his time in one direction and he really could do something different than when he was in the boyband . I personally think the songs 'rear view' and 'fool for you' are the two shining parts of the album followed by the intermission wich was really a surprise.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the debut album from Zayn Malik, the former 1D star. It exhibits his high quality songwriting skills laced with steamy and smooth vocals. The album produces amazing musicality and it's hard to pick any one song that it is truly lack anything. Tunes such as Lucozade or Blue might cause the average listener to stray away, however, music lovers might take note in their absolute rawness. This commonly called 'PRnB' album puts a funky spin on the genre. If you're into alternative RnB, neo soul, or just looking for something new, give the album a good two listens and be amazed. Malik manages to deliver an exquisite LP that will surely leave you wanting more.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His first album and is already the most acclaimed of the moment. Mind Of Mine deserves a great recognition with well-produced songs, it's a really great job.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Its a solid debut album. I already knew Zayn had the best voice in One Direction but never had an idea about his song-writing ability. The lyrics are awesome especially in the song 'Lucozade'. His vocals are moody, sexy,expressive and full of riffs and runs. R&B is exactly his forte and he has shown mastery in it. His peers will have a lot of pressure now that he has set a standard already in the mainstream music.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"WOW..I never had thought that I would actually like..not like but LOVE an ex boyband member's album. When this kid first left 1d I thought he would flop real hard but boy he proved me wrong. The album is really impressive. With the touch of Justin Timberlake's early stuffs, little Miguel and Frank Ocean and a large portion with 90s R&B Zayn not only proved he has a great knowledge how R&B works but also has very strong vocals to support it. The writing could be slightly better but I am sure he will learn more as he experiences more in life. Its an excellent debut album. R&B lovers would love it.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"SImply magnificent. You know it is a special record, when you see your 48 YEAR OLD DAD jamming to the songs and asking me,' HEY WHO IS THIS KID? IAM LOVING THIS RIGHT NOW. ITS BRINGING BACK SO MANY MEMORIES OF THE 90s'.
Everything about this album, from the whole VIBE and the SICK BEATS to the amazing VOCALS by ZAYN, just makes it worth it.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM TO ALL THE MUSICLOVERS OUT THERE .DONT MISS IT.",8,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"Despite there being a few duds along the way (my least favourites being BoRdErZ and tRuTh, where the album runs the risk of becoming slightly mediocre), but overall I really enjoyed the cohesiveness of the sound of the album and Zayn's impressive vocals.",7,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"A highly anticipated album and Zayn did not disappoint. His melodic, well controlled voice is evident on all the tracks especially on It's You, Fool for You, the urdu Intermission : Flower (i wish this was longer..would have loved a full song), Rearview, Wrong. Definitely looking forward to more things from Zayn.",7,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"MELHOR LBUM EVEEEEEEEEEER. Quero Drunk, Wrong, She, TIO, LIKE I WOULD, FOOL FOR YOU COMO SINGLES. Quero muitas performances, muitas high notes, pq ta demais esse lbum, Parabns !!!",6,7,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"HINRIOOOOOOOOOO, PISOU REI. Impressionado como esse album  bom, viciadissimooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo nos hinos",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind if Mine is a beautiful album that deserves Grammy nominations. Don't listen to biased critics who are favoring the shady 1D machine. It is pure poetry and Zayn really displays his talent via a myriad of great bops like Drunk, Rear View, Befour as well as sings soulful ballads like Pillowtalk and Flower. This was such an amazing debut album.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
8,"Great sound different to his one direction days it feels like this is the music he always wanted to make. Great to listen to when doing work as it keeps me motivated.",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Amm Zayn. Que hinrio da porra, no tem uma msica ruim, s tem hinossssss. Primeiramente Mind Of Mine, segundamente primeiramente. ZAYN EU NASCI PRA TE AMAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"king zayn slayed with his debut album he is coming this album is best album of 2016 Amazing  vocals and songs he really workd hard on this album it shows amazing album zayn Good Job!!",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"absolutely amazing, he's so talented and his songs are absolutely incredible, great vocals great songs. loved it. so glad he left one direction and can finally be himself.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is an excellent first album, Zayn got soul in his  voice; this album is very well produced, he proves that he has talent, a versatile voice, sexy and powerful, I can't pick a favorite song cause they are all different and beautiful. He's a true artist.",5,6,"Apr  7, 2016"
7,"E com esse lbum que percebemos um dos motivos de Zayn ter sado da 1D. A sonoridade,composio ... completamente diferente do pop clich do grupo. Zayn funciona definitivamente melhor em carreira solo.  Vocais timas,com batidas que te fazem viajar.
Detaque para 'Pillowtalk' 'Drunk' e 'Fool for You'",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"Zayn's vocals are truly exceptional in this album. This album is mature with regards to its sound and production. It has a certain Frank Ocean feel to it but, however, fails to impress lyrically. The album is also quite long and could have been leaner and more precise. Overall, this is beautiful piece of work with special mentions to the songs- Like I Would and It's You.",8,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Zayn said that he wanted the album to be as honest as he could possibly make it, and that really comes across. He's not really holding back, even with things that others may use to put him in a bad light. The album is so emotionally loaded and somehow also really mellow. It makes me wanna cry, but it also makes me wanna chill for the next decade. It's beautiful in every way, lyrically, musically, vocally. Everything is about this album is great. He is so talented and his range is out of this world. This album is just so distinctively ZAYN. It comes across really sincere and genuine. Kudos to Zayn for this. All his hard work has paid off. It's amazing!",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"zayn managed to put it all together. he found his real self . rnb is definitely his kind of music. his amazing vocals is just perfect for this album.  he's definitely off to a great start",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I'm so **** happy Zayn released this album. For me it's perfect and I can't stop listening to this. It's one of my favourtie albums for sure. Zayn is my habibi.",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
8,"A great album to break your typical boy band image, but in the vast sea of R&B albums, the album stands almost nowhere. His sultry vocals, musical production, Collaboration with Kehlani are the highlights of the album. The album however can be easily forgotten.",4,5,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Honestly this is the most versatile album ive heard till yet ! Every song is sung PERFECTLY n moreover every song has its own style n beauty ! ZAYN is the new image of music industry ! He is not a person who does a lot live shows or promo or wanna be famous n earn money ! He does n wanna do all that gives him happiness n that's what is good about him ! He has topped charts n started a NO1 solo career without BIG PROMO ! His music is what does the talking ! GREAT ALBUM 5000/10",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"One of the rare albums i listen from first to last song without skipping. Everything on point in this album, vocals,  lyrics, melody, production. Excellent job Zayn. My kudos!",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Zayn's first solo album is really good and has a koind of chill feelong to it. His vocals are insane especially in iT's You, Blue and INTERMISSION: Flower. Every song is good!! The more I listen to the album, the more I love it.",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A fantastic album with good songs. ZAYN gave us what we were not waiting, when you listen to it you will buy the album, because it's fantastic. LIKE I WOULD, SHE, PILLOWTALK AND OTHERS SONGS ARE AMAAAAAAZING, THE WHOLE ALBUM IS PERFECT, BUY IT :)",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"This is one of those albums you can listen from beginning to end without skipping ahead. There's something for everyone. Zayn outdid himself on this impressive debut. Raw, honest lyrics, amazing beats and sexy as hell. He has definitely left his 1D sound behind him with this album. Emotional, mellow at times but never boring. I haven't even mentioned how spectacular Zayn's vocals are. It's heaven for your ears. Do yourself a favor and pick this album up. It's a gem. Don't let the 1D antis sway you before you give it a chance. You won't regret it.",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I have always been grown up with R&B/urban music esp 90s R&B and Zayn revived my childhood days with this album. What was this precious gem even doing in that boyband ? There are songs that remind me of Boyz II Men, Stevie Wonder, Rick Astley, Prince and some latest like Frank Ocean and Chris Brown also  slightly. His vocals are undeniably great with .great soul in the lyrics and composition. An EXCELLENT album for a debut artist. I loved the entire album. Thanks to Zayn for creating this masterpiece.",6,8,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Great vocals, nicely done for first album. enjoying every minute of it!!! replaying a million time.... kinda cool!
I read almost all the reviews by 'critics'... these people don't understand ****. They are criticizing him for singing about sex... which planet are they living on??? almost half the songs out there are about sex! oh please!",6,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"There is no doubt that Zayn has done something different with this album. Even starting with the way his tracklist is written. You can say that it's childish, but that's how he wanted to express himself and for someone that's been in a cage for five years that is more than okay! I had a lot of high expectations for this album and when i first listened to it, I must say he's outdone himself. This album, in my personal opinion, is one of the best that has been released so far this year! The beats are really amazing work. Zayn has done well choosing Malay Ho, MYKL and the mysterious xyz as his producers. It all comes together very nicely on this record. If you listen closely and know a little bit of Zayn and his story, the lyrics are really deep too and show a lot of him and his story. Every song is very unique and special in its own way and in my opinion, there is not one bad song on there. His vocal abilities are also getting displayed very nicely. Yes, that boy can really sing. He is really a talented boy, there's no doubt about that.",3,4,"May 10, 2016"
10,"I'm so proud of Zayn. Everything is perfect on this album : the lyrics, his voice ... Every single song is a master piece. I'm so happy that the world get to see his beautiful mind.",8,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
5,"Every time she tries to rap on this mixtape it gets pretty hard to listen to however i did enjoy some songs on this mixtape. Azealia banks was never really my type of artist but i did find this mixtape her worst piece of work. I did however like her debut album.",2,2,"Apr 17, 2016"
7,"Since her 2012 debut, Harlem girl from the block Azealia Banks has been real easing some of the most exciting, dazzling, and danceable hip hop music in the game and following the release of stellar 'Broke With Expensive Taste' doesn't fail to impress with 'Slay-Z'. A lively collection of 8 songs, 'Slay-Z' shows some new sides of Miss Banks (a la 'Queen of Clubs', 'Along the Coast') as well as further embellishing the stye she does best, her self-proclaimed witch-hop/hip-house ('The Big Big Beat'). The collection of songs is bold but lacks the overall cohesiveness Banks displayed on 'BWET'. Highlights are the Detroit-house influenced 'The Big Big Beat', UK funky-house-sampling 'Can't Do it Like Me' and the subdued pulsing mermaid anthem 'Along The Coast', produced by KAYTRANADA. Songs like 'Queen of Clubs' and 'Skylar Diggins' fall flat with their dated production and Rick Ross assisted 'Big Talk' fails to leave an impression, going nowhere musically or melodically. 'Riot' featuring Nina Skye is great middle ground between Banks' hip-house and a more mainstream sound that sounds a bit more generic but still very fresh. Overall, 'Slay-Z' works to Banks' advantages and allows listeners to see what they have in store for the future.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
0,"Awful, the album way betttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttter
...........................................................................................",1,1,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"May not as good as 'Broke With Expensive Taste' or 'Fantasea', but at least it can stand out for itself.
I expected more, and though.
................",3,4,"Apr  8, 2016"
10,"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas bish yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas!!!!!! SLAAAAAAAAAY THEY ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,4,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"'Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger!'",1,2,"Apr 11, 2016"
0,"Awful, she needs to retire and go live in a shoe or something. this was really bad.
Unoriginal and lacking in creativity, Her first album was decent though but this mixtape is a mess.",1,3,"Apr 26, 2016"
5,"Her music just doesn't catch me at all.
Nothing personal. She's not my style, I think. Although her debut album was better.
__________________________",1,5,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"This mixtape is amazing, i love 'The Big Big Beat', 'Can't Do It Like Me', 'Along the Coast', 'Big Talk' and 'Used To Being Alone'. Azealia is one of the best female artists in the industry. She slays my life.",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
10,"nao esperava menos da dona do rap atualmente ne amores essa mixtape destroe carreiras s resta aceitar outras s tentam nao  mesmo rainha merece mais reconhecimento",0,2,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Great mixtape with well produced and good rhymes songs,Work a little different from the previous, but not disappointed, Banks actually sends good rap.For me the best tracks are 'RIOT' and 'SKYLAR Diggins'.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
7,"I think this mixtape is a good step in the right direction for her, I think Broke With Expensive Taste is better though. The album is quite cohesive, however, with quality production throughout.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
5,"I like her whole style and attitude to music. But i can't help but believe that whilst being 'artistic' she appears generic and almost unwilling to grow. It seems like almost a watered down version of Broke With Expensive Tastes.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
6,"Aprs avoir tt le terrain avec quelques singles qui sont passs inaperus, Gwen Stefani est de retour. 10 ans aprs son dernier album, elle propose des sons efficaces rappelant certains de ses anciens titres tout en tant ancrs dans leurs temps.
Pistes  retenir: Misery, Truth, Used To Love You, Me Without You, Getting Warmer, Loveable.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2016"
10,"In 2016, I intended to listen so many album without skipping a song, but I failed. However, this is the first album that I listened without skipping. So many hits and emotional ballads. All of you should listen this album. Alsoi Gwen's voice is fabulous.",1,1,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"The best album that i hear in this year, i love so much that gwen come back, i just love it, is more than i wait, Bravo gwen, ist very good for me!!!!",1,1,"Apr 19, 2016"
10,"This album is just amazing. No filler songs at all,Perfect and unique vocals,fun AND intelligent lyrics,perfect Production,VERY catchy and memorable melodies... It's the perfect comeback album.It will probably not be as successful as her old ones because she left for so many years,but it's definitely her best one",3,4,"Mar 19, 2016"
9,"I can't say I was really a fan of Gwen Stefani before, but she's definitely won me over with this album. It's delightfully fun and catchy, and it's paced very nicely. As I was listening, I was worried the album would be front loaded like most pop albums are, but actually it's consistently strong throughout, and there really isn't any filler. This is a very strong, enjoyable album. Props to Gwen for stepping up her game here!
Standout tracks: You're My Favorite, Send Me a Picture, Me Without You, Rare",7,10,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"Gwen Stefani's first solo endeavor in 10 years, 'This Is What The Truth Feels Like', is an honest, smooth, and ultimately refreshing album which documents the singer's recent events in her life (her divorce from Rossdale and new relationship with Shelton). On 'Where Would I Be', a reggae-pop gem, Stefani sings in a love fueled haze, stylistically reminiscent to her early days in No Doubt. Songs like 'Red Flag' and 'Naughty' seem to discuss her ex's infidelity and bring him to shame. The standout tracks are without a doubt 'Truth', a sweet, honest track where Stefani accepts the way her relationship has turned out, and 'Rare', a beautifully produced guitar driven, mid tempo track where Stefani sings about the new love she has found and how special it is to her. Without a doubt 'TIWTFL' is Stefani's best work as a solo artist and will hopefully be recognized as so.",8,12,"Mar 18, 2016"
9,"Despite initial fears about this being a hastily cobbled together effort, it proved to be a surprisingly solid listen. None of the songs here quite reach the highs of her previous solo efforts, but they are all consistently good. It was well thought out: Everything that made a Gwen solo record unique (quirkiness, nostalgia, lyrics) are present and correctly updated in here. For me, it's already a wonder that we got a new Gwen album (after 10 years!) but what makes this beyond amazing is that she delivered. Makes me so proud to be the biggest Gwen fan among my friends.",2,3,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"One of the best pop albums of 2016. She goes into the personal without being too literal, and turning every song into a ballad, she can make a song that's personal, but still fun and pop.",5,8,"Mar 19, 2016"
9,"Gwen has always shined in the melancholy, letter-to-someone style songs ever since 'Don't Speak' from No Doubt's 'Tragic Kingdom.' Here, 'Misery' and 'Rare' are complete stand-outs in this vein, the strongest examples of the instantly lovable, melancholy bliss pop that are both just as good as Sweet Escape's 'Cool.'
Mainstream music publications miss the point entirely with Gwen, by and large. Her current persona is a logical, matured evolution of the serious/silly, ska-punk, peacocking bad-ass she's been since 'Just A Girl.' While the 90's and 2000's music and culture sensibilities let Gwen inhabit the campier pockets of her image, 2016 critics have forgotten this is who she is in this regard and our ideas of pop culture have eschewed that 'wink and a nod' aspect of pop. On tracks like 'Naughty' and 'Red Flag' her sarcasm and pomp are on full blast - again, classic Gwen in her sensibilities. She has always played up the humor in the brusque machismo she embodies, here that has never been more apparent.
'Where Would I Be' is the Gwen-iest song yet, a sample of all her hallmark styles and musical history in one track. Yes, the album is of two faces in its tone (who says that's bad?) and this track is the perfect mesh of both sublime sad-pop and upbeat dance hall beats and chorus.
She's an odd fit into today's pop landscape, but a welcome tonal diversion from the utterly sugared or overly serious pop acts of today. 'This Is What The Truth Feels Like' succeeds by giving us both heart and energy.",4,7,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"'This is What the Truth Feels Like' is one of the best albums of this decade and definitely will make you a fan if you never were a fan of gwen! everything on the album is amazing",5,9,"Mar 18, 2016"
4,"I actually think Gwen Stefani can write a great pop song. The thing that irks me is her obsession with herself. The whole story of her break-up from that geek from Bush, her new relationship to some pop-country joker, and her new album happened in the span of a couple months. The album follows verbatim this uninteresting storyline of everything that we already know happened. 'I was with a guy for a long time, then it ended suddenly, but then I picked up some other vacuous hotty in a few minutes.' It's not all that brave or revealing.",6,11,"Mar 19, 2016"
10,"After a ten year wait, we are finally gifted a third studio album. At first, I was very excited but also very weary. It could be good, it could be bad. Though I've liked every song she's released in the past few years including No Doubt's 2012 album Push and Shove. But for some reason, I wasn't expecting anything great. However, I was stunned when I first listened to the record in it's entirety. I was proven wrong as soon as I started listening to the record. It felt like a Gwen Stefani record almost immediately but in a much better way than it's predecessor The Sweet Escape. I'm excited to see where this record goes. Because it's definitely my favorite record of 2016 so far.
Favorite tracks: 'Rare', 'Where Would I Be', 'Red Flag', 'Me Without You', 'Misery'.",2,4,"Mar 20, 2016"
8,"A great album. I think I'm in the minority in thinking that Red Flag is perhaps the best track on the record (it's fun, interesting and has catchy beat). Send Me a Picture is the lowest point on the album.
I just wish Gwen and her writers would consider not repeating EVERY LINE in her songs. Literally every verse repeats itself before going into the chorus, and most chorus' repeat the same line up to 4 times (Asking 4 It, Misery, Rare, Naughty).",1,2,"Mar 22, 2016"
7,"After ten years of waiting, Gwen is finally back!  I really do love this album.  It's bubbly, fun, sarcastic and not to mention that her lyrics really shine this time around.  She is so awesome, and  she sounds fresh and rejuvenated from her ten year break.  Love you Gwen!  Keep it up!",1,2,"Mar 22, 2016"
10,"Simplesmente uma das melhores surpresas e um dos melhores lbuns do ano. A espera, enfim, valeu a pena. A mudana de gneros e ritmos d um ar fresco, as melodias, cheias de assovios e sinos, fazem seu popozo danar. T escrevendo vrios cocos s pra aumentar a nota do lbum.",2,5,"Mar 18, 2016"
0,"9s and 10s? lol You kidding me? This is one of the most boring pop albums i've heard this year. The lyrics are so over the top and melodramatic at times, and other times she tries to bring the glory back from her past albums. It was just a complete fail IMO.
PS. click on my username and see my other reviews of music and games.",0,4,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"I also join other users in thinking the official critic reviews really miss the mark on that one.
What they miss, among other things, in the album is it achieves something at an emotional level, it is about healing and it really captures that and shares that very well. You can hear wisdom and healing in gwen`s voice, and that is very comforting to people I am sure. I can tell it comforts me at any rate. It's really nice to have this element of emotional connection between listener and artist in an album, that should have been a part that was not missed by the critics, but I think they listen to things without much care sometimes and without expecting to find a more subtle meaning.
The originality of the lyrics and melody should not eclipse the general meaning and emotional success of an artistic project.
The album has a personal growth, spiritual  beautiful peaceful aspect to it. I think the best art often has a spiritual aspect to it  (which does not necessary mean religious, atheist artists can convey that sometimes). I mean spiritual in the sense we can hear her wisdom.
Also its extremely interesting to see her evolution as an artist, from an exuberant phase as a solo artist to this version of her in a more tried time, and yet find the same personality behind both versions.
One critic here criticised negatively the fact she speaks about herself. Its true, but why is it a problem, when she certainly does that in a very interesting way.
My favorite songs are probably:  me without you and you're my favorite, they are really interesting, because they capture both a past hardship and the relief. For exemple on one of these songs she sings 'oh I think I worked this out, finally worked this out'  and at that moment the song captures the moment where you solve something, were you still remember the hardship but you made it through.",0,1,"Mar 22, 2016"
6,"When Gwen was touting a new solo record with atrocious singles Baby Dont Lie and Spark the Fire I was awaiting the pharrell fuelled dud that it inevitably would have been. The Sweet Escape was a mixed bag at best and paled in comparison to its predecessor and any No Doubt post Tragic Kingdom. When the record was scrapped to start a new I re-mained a little hopeful.
With the release of Make Me Like You a sparked curiosity for the new record was restored. The summer-y 2000s California Pop number finds Stefani oohing and ahing over shimmery keyboards and snappy snares. Her signature coo delicately strutting overtop bouncy bass and angled guitar. It managed to stun in a way that previous confessional single Used To Love You didnt quite.
Confessional Gwen is what made Gwen famous. Her best songs have always been confessional. Some of which ironically were written about her now ex-husband (a supposed influencer to this material). But unfortunately this record doesnt do a whole lot in dealing Truth but rather avoiding it. Which is perfectly fine, its Gwens prerogative to discuss what she wants to, but as a result the art suffers a bit.
Instead of getting a sincere look into aftermath of her divorce, we get a lot of hashed adoration for her new beaux, fellow The Voice coach Blake Shelton. Most of which is sound tracked by fairly trendy but uninspired instrumentation. A 2015 brand bland-ish trap/pop hybrid. In a review for The Sweet Escape Stylus Magazine stated that Gwens at her best when shes combining two or more genres together. A sentiment I agree with when you consider No Doubts successes in blending Ska/Punk/New Wave, or L.A.M.Bs hybrid of 80s/Dance/Pop. This is seen on Where Would I Be (a clear highlight) in which 2016 EDM meets Gwens Reggae tinged roots for a pretty lively banger sure to be a summer smash.
The whole record is a little top heavy. With the aforementioned tracks highlights, as with the bouncy step Misery, the bitcrushed drip drop beat of Youre My Favourite, and the slight grower of first single Used To Love You.
The rest is pretty filler, but not offensive missteps for the most part. The Soca tinged EDM in Send Me a Picture and Asking For It sound fine. And the attempt at sassy trap inspired Red Flag and Naughty feel like a grab for the sound of something current. Though the latter two divulge into some cringe (Gwen hasnt really been able to pull of white girl rap since Hollaback Girl), Red Flag does intrigue from the offset trap verses with lamenting strings and choral harmonies.
The ballads Truth and Me Without You arent anything particularly remarkable nor offensive. Electropop closer Rare ends on a similar note. Unless youve indulged in the deluxe edition in which many extra tracks of NOPE have been added (save for the 8-bit dancehall of Getting Warmer which couldve easily been swapped for absolutely atrocious international edition closer Loveable, and perhaps some of the less then stellar standard tracks).
I find Truth holds up more cohesively than The Sweet Escape, but its a bit of a missed opportunity. Perhaps the tragic subject matter wouldve been handled more interestingly on a No Doubt record (and it somewhat already has). Heres to hoping that next time Gwen finds back her pop charm.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2016"
6,"for the most part, its the same ole gwen. the best songs are where would i be, make me like you, red flag, and naughty. the problem is there are no strong songs like cool or 4 in the morning like on her other two albums.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2016"
4,"O que aconteceu com, Gwen? Demorou tanto pra lanar algo pop e veio com esse lbum que se voc ouvir por completo uma vez nem se anima em ouvir de novo.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2016"
10,"Despite two years of hinted release dates and cancelled singles, Stefani's recent release doesn't disappoint. Catchy opener 'Misery' is a high, starting the album on a minty fresh note. 'You're My Favorite' somehow manages to successfully incorporate synths reminiscent of video games, while the marvelous 'Where Would I Be?' manages to be stuck in your head until your deathbed. 'Make Me Like You''s disco vibe is another high point, while the soulful titular track, 'Truth', is comparable to the work of Ryan Tedder. 'Used to Love You', easily the album's track with the best lyrics is heart-wrenching and at times, emotional. 'Send Me a Picture' is a playful, risqu track that hints at sexting Blake Shelton. 'Red Flag' is a bit odd, but just enough to work; it's definitely not a bad song, just a bit out of place. 'Asking 4 It' will be an obvious candidate for a single release, despite Fetty Wap's incomprehensible contribution. 'Naughty' has so much sass that you may need to pause for a second after listening to let it sink in. 'Me Without You' and 'Rare' are probably some of the album's best work, allowing Stefani to close the album on a successful and high note. In the deluxe edition, 'Rocket Ship' also is single worthy. The EDM-inspired 'Getting Warmer' is an example of how much Stefani's sound has changed, and how good it sounds. 'Obsessed' and 'Splash' are both good, but no necessarily the quality of the album's majority. Overall, This Is What the Truth Feels Like is a successful album for a singer who deserves more attention. I wish the best to Stefani and her first #1 in 20 years, since 1996's fantastic Tragic Kingdom.
Listen to: 'Where Would I Be?', 'Rare', 'Getting Warmer'",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"This could possibly be Gwen's best album. A masterpiece. It doesn't feel like an album that's been rushed or has fillers, it feels like something Gwen really did want to put out.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2016"
8,"Tracks like make me like you, used to love you and asking 4 it stand out the most, this one of her best works and the best of Gwen Stefani she returns with a good pop record.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2016"
9,"At first I wasn't sure if I should get this album but after listening to it for the first time it was totally worth it. It isn't the boring same old generic pop record. No fillers here for me. I really like rare, obsessed and Truth",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
6,"This is not the best Gwen Stefani's album, even The Sweet Escape have most memorable songs in it. This Is What the Truth Feels Like is an album full of emotional lyrics, but with a sound less memorable. The big songs are Used to love you, Truth and Make me like you. But with Send me a picture, Asking 4 it and Getting warmer make this record like a disaster. It's not bad, but she can do it better.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2016"
5,"Gwen Stefani has been the 'it girl' of pop music for quite a while now, both when in No Doubt and solo. She's know to be both feminine and tough, a stylish peacock and a zesty punk-poppette under one ultra-blonde roof. But lately as of the past 4 years, Gwen has not been able to capitalize on what allured the public back in the 90s through early 00s. The comeback record with her band, 2012's Push and Shove was one overproduced career suicide. She then has had another child and reinvented herself as a Judge in The Voice, drawing a whole new audience that had not been there when she hit it big. The Truth Is What The Feels Like comes hot in the heels of a turbulent period in her life: a divorce to Gavin Rossdale and the start of a new relationship with her Voice-costar, Blake Shelton. She presents the album as a healing vehicle for this period of upheaval, and decided to record only as a form of catharsis. Gwen has never shied away from honesty both in and off record, and the lyrics in Truth are intimidating and even at times awkward in their naked transparency. Songwriting through grief is never easy but it seems like fertile terrain for the energetic, theatrical vocals that have become Stefani's trademark, and that served moments like Don't Speak or Ex Girlfriend so well. Despite some use of autotune here and there, most of the time Gwen sounds terrific. Sadly, the same can't be said of the production and songwriting: at their worst, the former can be painfully plastic and the songwriting laughably disjointed. Gwen herself claimed that this the message of the songs had been more important than the sound this, and you can tell. Nobody's asking her to go back to the cool mash-up aesthetic of her first two solo records, she no longer has it in her, but the production courtesy of Rotem, Mattman and Robin and Kurstin is almost dispirited in its pop trendiness: some icy trap beats here, some exotic Diplo-style breakdowns there and the rest all minimal and graceful arrangements. And the songwriting varies from very good (seldom), frustrating (most of the time) or completely awful (a case or two). Songs like ''Asking For It'' and ''Me Without You'' have beautiful verses only to then trail into senseless and blandly repetitive choruses that suck out all their emotion and personality, while the dancehall sampled chorus and cheerleader chants of ''Where Would I Be'' feel strangely tacked-in and forced. It seems that Gwen and her team should have taken more time with the record, to polish the sounds as much as the songwriting. Because despite all the inspiration and emotional investment put on it there still seems to be a level of compromise beneath it all, given the rushed and lazy results. The only perfect track here is ''Rare'' a sweet and ethereal disco number that has sounds like an instant classic. The rest is mostly missed potential.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
7,"Gwen Stefani is a legend! All her albuns are amazing and extremely pop, in a good way. And after 10 years, her new CD still sounds like that. No, we don't have anthems like Hollaback Girl or The Sweet Escape, but songs like 'Obsessed' and 'Asking 4 it' , they are potencial hits. We also have honest and simple songs like 'Used to Love You', with perfect lyrics. Unfortunately 'Baby don't Lie' isn't on album.
Compared to the other two albums , 'This is What the True Feels Like' is an average, but also great.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
10,"This album is so addictive.I love Getting Warmer, Obssesed, Make Me Like You and Rocket Ship. In conclusion this is album is AMAZING. After this album I am a fan of Gwen Stefani",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
10,"His return to solo marks the end of a long wait, the album is a power of different musical style as she knew always do from LAMB, a big favorite for 'Rare', the album is perfect.
A fan of France",0,0,"Aug  8, 2016"
10,"I've had this album on repeat for weeks. It's nothing but an endless journey filled with joy, sorrow and hope. I love it. It's the best debut album I've ever heard.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This girl and this album are totally perfect. She's so young and talented. Her voice and her lyrics are totally unique. I've never seen something like this! I need a video for all songs right now haha. Favorite songs are: Conqueror, Running With The Wolves, Warrior, Under the Water, Black Water Lilies and her cover of Half the World Away. I also have to say I love her Norwegian accent, it makes her English sound beautiful :-)",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
0,"I slept twice times listening to this album! AURORA really showed that she actually have talent, but I still think her type of music is too different for me.",0,2,"May 21, 2016"
10,"who run the world? AURORA, s vim mesmo pra aumentar a pontuao kkkkk LINDA, DONA, ALBUM INCRIVEL, isso s prova o quo AURORA tem o potencial, para fazer uma obra de arte quanto essa, QUEEN",0,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"Beautiful, poetic, unique, and much more mature musically than he 19 years of age would suggest - All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend is an amazing debut from the very promising Aurora.  If the music doesn't hook you in the first minute of the album, then your finger is not on the musical pulse.  Compared to the handful of female contemporaries who all seem to sing in the same voice, Aurora's ethereal and honest voice acts like a candle that cuts through the middle of a dark Norwegian forest.  She has a very promising future ahead of her.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
7,"Chvrches, Purity Ring, and especially Lorde, warmed the music market to minimalistic pop music, and were followed by a wave of not-so-successful indie pop artists with teenage dilemmas and sweet voices filled with synths, like Halsey, Troye Sivan and Melanie Martinez. The 19 y/o Aurora is distinct from the others. Channeling singer-songwriters like Florence Welch, Sia, Lykke Li and even Bjrk sometimes, 'All My Demons...' is a beautiful debut. Its cold nostalgia, fragility and melodic creepiness recalls what Purity Ring did in Shrines, although less electronic and not so well executed. Aurora is a very talented artist, with a bright future ahead; some of the mistakes made here will naturally vanish while she matures as a musician and as a person.
Best Tracks: Runaway; Conqueror; Winter Bird; Murder Song (5,4,3,2,1)",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"Albums like these make me scream YAssss queen!!!!! Listen to it, masterpiece. I like the melody and her vocals are so good. When will my faves? 10/10.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"It took me a bit to warm up to this album, but I actually think it's pretty awesome and I can definitely see myself listening to this one many more times in the future. It's crazy to think that someone who's just 19 years old is capable of releasing an album this mature. Most artists that age write about shallow things like young love, partying, etc., but Aurora's songs are different. They're honest, emotional, and deep, and everything from her vocal delivery to the dark, dramatic production serves its purpose well. A few of the songs feel like they need a little kick in the butt to get going like the standout tracks, but for the most part this is a very strong debut and Aurora shows amazing potential as an artist.
Standout tracks: Runaway, Lucky, Murder Song (5, 4, 3, 2, 1), Under the Water",0,0,"Mar 19, 2016"
10,"luv this sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh iconic albummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hahahhaahhaha so good i loved so much",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"NOW I have to take my WIG off because this record is a snatch!!! Recommended, I love the songs so much, they are one of the best things to listen to if you are an indie music lover.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"Um dos lbuns que marcaram a minha vida esse 2016, espero ouvir da prxima vez um lbum melhor, sem desmerecer a qualidade do mesmo. AURORA, uma artista que merece ser valorizada tanto quanto qualquer artista... Uma das melhores que j vi.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"All my demons greeting me as a friend is a super nice album to listen to, the songs are wonderful that causes the body is light and makes you feel good.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This is good music , very respectable , deep lyrics and refined bases . Italy is waiting for you , AURORA.
My fav song: Under The Water, I Went Too Far and Winter Bird.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
9,"She's like a small Sia and has a promising future in the world of music. His distinctive style puts a small differential in the alternative style. Today an original artist is really hard, but she managed to be unique in a musical field where everything seems much the same. For a debut album, she did incredibly well and successfully, I hope she remains unique in its work in the world of music, a young man really promising.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"I've been waiting for artist and album like this all my life. AURORA has so much to offer and doesn't need controversy or scandals to make you interested in her. She gets you with her emotions, messages and beauty. All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend has kind of angelic sound but also makes you want to fight, cry and love everything and everyone around. Feelings are the thing she builds her songs on which I think is the original meaning of music and it is great for me to watch someone so young bringing it back. These songs are strong and just beautiful and every single one of them is worth listening. I confess there are some parts of this record that I don't like that much but then she always steals my heart back again with another huge hymn. Runaway, Winter Bird, Through the Eyes of a Child and Under the Water are just unbreakable and hit me every damn time. I have to say my thank you, AURORA, for these blessings you sent into the world. I only hope you and your music will never change in the future because of business influences or anything similar, I am in love with you just the way you are.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  maravilhoso,ele me deu vida,cada msica era um prazer aos meus ouvidos.Ela merece ser reconhecida pelo mundo todo,mas no mercado musical,hoje em dia s espao para o clich.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"Runnin with the wolves!!! Oh My God is the best song of the album, but all the songs are pretty good, i dont know her since i hear that song in youtube, so i hear all the album and i love it",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
8,"Incredible vocals! Even though she acted when she made those songs she did a great job. She made a nowadays album! I think she could've made an effort with lyrics, some of them are just great but nothing much. Broken Glass is one of my fav because she shows she has a f*cking great voice! She's an artist",4,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Best lbum of the 2016 and one best in pop. its excelent . new rhythms for sia , best vocal and the best lyrics , sia, this lbum shows the power to make good music . This is the real pop lbum.",4,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"Undoubtedly, the record This Is Acting was in the list of the most anticipated albums of the year. Finally Sia shared with fans of the result of her long work. Concept eighth album was announced long before the release: songs written for other artists, and rejected them, among the performers - Rihanna, Adele, Katy Perry and Cheryl.
Before we actually have pop hits: After Chandelier we have hit after hit, and This is Acting is all 12 at once, or still not? Anyway, there is an idea why these compositions are still not been adopted by other artists. After listening to a few tracks in a row is a feeling that they were recorded as individual singles, do not vary greatly from one to another and do not constitute a single album.",3,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"this new work from Sia surpassed its predecessor album, this album brings a totally different thematic of all the latest albums released, make an album with 90% of the songs rejected by other artists is not for everyone! Luck of Sia and fans because this album is wonderful",3,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"Credit where credit is due. This album is primarily made up of songs Sia has written herself for other artists, who ultimately rejected them. First, brownie points for writing your own material, unlike some performers (I'm looking at you Beyonce). Second, more points for having the vocal talent to perform them on your own without computer assistance (I spotted a few pitchy moments). Finally, points for giving consideration and care to your non-anthemic pieces. Everyone loved Chandelier and Elastic Heart, myself included, but the real strength of this album isn't in the bangers that will most likely get the air time (Alive), but rather the more nuanced spots like 'Reaper,' which is my favorite track on this album.
Bottom line, Sia is extraordinarily talented from both a songwriting and artistry perspective. She deserves the success she has had, and this album is a good showing overall, while I don't believe it will attain the same societal pervasiveness, it will further endear already budding fans into full-fledged devotees.",2,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
8,"Amazing album. Much better than 1000 Forms of Fear. So happy than those mainstream artists rejected these beautiful songs and Sia could own them :) Favs: Cheap Thrills, Unstoppable, Space Between. 8/10 for me.",2,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"This Is Acting  um dos melhores lbuns de Sia. A cantora retornou cheia de fora e sentimento, deixando de vez os bastidores e se transformando em uma nova Diva Pop. Amei! No consigo parar de ouvi-lo.",1,1,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"Incredible vocals! Even though she acted when she made those songs she did a great job. She made a nowadays album! I think she could've made an effort with lyrics, some of them are just great but nothing much. Broken Glass is one of my fav because she shows she has a f*cking great voice! She's an artist",1,1,"Feb  1, 2016"
9,"Unstoppable, Move Your Body and Set Free Bird son las perlas de este CD. No hay canciones que no me gusten. Solo un par que yo personalmente no hubiera puesto (House on Fire y Footprints). El lbum no es original, es muy parecido al anterior a nivel de sound, pero si que lo es a nivel de tema: ella acta sus canciones escritas y rechazadas por otras compaeras (Adele, Beyonce, Rihanna, Katy Perry, Shakira...).
Un muy buen CD. Espero que tenga el xito que se merece.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"Great album. Sia makes this album work. The way she can make her voice twist and soar is incredible. Nice album to just listen to start to finish. Highlights are: Cheap Thrills, Alive, Bird Set Free, and Broken Glass (my personal favorite).",1,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"It sure is a better album that many out there that need to be bought by multinationals and distributed freely to avoid failure.
This album shows that it is possible to make good music with just a pen.
It proved to be the best without having to make the conceptual and different line.",6,7,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This is another great album by Sia, even thought is not as risky as 1000 Forms of Fear its still a adventurous album showing us a side of Sia we were waiting to see, listen to all those tracks written for another artists in the voice of the original composer is just magical as Sia takes us in a delightful ride listening to nice, danceable and enjoyable music,",5,6,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Sia nos mostra que tem um potencial incrvel, letras boas, melodias agradveis e um flego pra nos levar a ouvir seu lbum at o final sem cansar. Entre canes danantes e baldas fortes a cantora australiana consegue realizar um bom trabalho e o resultado final do this is acting  maravilhoso",5,6,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Oh this holy album is everything in my life. Sia did a very good job with all these perfect songs. Glad the artists rejected these masterpieces so that Sia could sing them for this masterpiece!",4,5,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Excellent album. Every song is great and Sia's vocals are outstanding. All the artists who rejected these songs, except One Million Bullets, are really dumb.",7,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"By far, this is the most pretentious album Sia career. Organize and quickly produce an album with tracks discarded by other artists is something great, if it wasn't a little tragic.
Most of the album has the same sound of this precedent, '1000 Forms of Fear', but with less drama and dark in the compositions. Here, we see Sia safer and relaxed lyrically, precisely because those are compositions that she wrote thinking in other artists, it's pop compositions.
Within production, the album follows a general pattern radio. More different musics in this regard are 'Move Your Body', a super dance track discarded by Shakira, 'Reaper' (co-produced by Kanye West) and 'Thrills Chips' - the latter two being ignored by hitmaker Rihanna.
In the end, 'This Is Acting' is a common pop album, like any current mainstream music would sound. That's all.",12,16,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Now this is excellence in form of pop. Every song is a masterpiece and memorable. Can't wait for Sia's next album which will be written and produced entirely for it.",6,8,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"While Sia has declared her awareness of the cheese factor in her hired-gun material, with its broad themes of self-empowerment and survival, she has a real gift for making it palatable.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"I am torn between a 7 and an 8, but I'll give a 7 for now. The album, in totality is good. It is cohesive and gives you a good idea of what Sia was trying to achieve with it. However, what I didn't like was the fact that many of the pre-released songs seem to rehash the chandelier formula, especially instrumental wise. The same drum machine sound in similar patterns/beats.  However, there are some songs on this that I found very new and refreshing, which to me is an indication of a good body of work. Such songs include Cheap Thrills, Reaper, Move Your Body, Sweet Design (love it), and the triple key change sweetness of Broken Glass. Unsurprisingly, these are the best songs in the album. The worst ones are the ones that sound thematically similar to her previous songs: Alive, Unstoppable, House on Fire. The others are just fine.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This Is Acting is a really good album, really love it; all the songs sounds like hits, and some lyrics are just wonderful. Don't underrate it and give her a chance, listen it, is really awesome!",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"No h o que comparar ao 1000 Forms Of Fear, afinal, isso  atuao, ela est apenas interpretando msicas escritas para outras pessoas, destaque para os vocais poderosos em Alive, Space Between e Bird Set Free que para mim  a msica do lbum  que mais combina com ela, basta reparar na letra.Move Your Body, Cheap Thrills e Sweet Design mostra um lado pouco visto de Sia e que deveria ser mostrado mais.At por que nem s de msica conceitual  viver o homem.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This is.... AMAZING! From the first track till the last one it's just perfection! There are some songs that are not that good but the absolute standouts such as 'Cheep Thrills', 'Move Your Body', ' Bird Set Free' and 'Unstoppable' overshadow the small imperfections!",3,4,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"For me, this is the best record of the year so far, although it may lacks the emotion in 1000 Forms of Fear, but it's just as good, after all, she didn't wrote the songs for the album, but for another artists.",5,7,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Really good album, similar to Sia's last effort. Her strength lays in her distinctive and very emotional voice, as well as in the talent for songwriting.",10,15,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love broken glass. A must listen seriously!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",6,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"Sia does a good job keeping her identity while impersonating several pop divas in her new album, This Is Acting. She nurtures with maternal love her children rejected by their foster mothers, getting the best of each track. Mrs Furler is a pop artist to the bone, and her work displays all the great qualities of mainstream music, and all its nastiest flaws too.
Best Tracks: Cheap Thrills, House on Fire, One Million Bullets",2,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This Album is the best of 2016, Sia is one the true artist, and have one Big Talent. In This Album, Sia Pick all your feeling and transform in Music. One True Art",3,5,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Knowing that all those singers, like Rihanna and Shakira, rejected those wonderful songs makes me so happy, because these songs sound amazing in Sia's voice.",1,2,"Jan 31, 2016"
10,"Com certeza no  o melhor lbum d Sia, mas cumpriu totalmente com a proposta, timas msicas que te deixam sem entender como algum artista foi capaz de recus-las, o lbum est maravilhoso, e os vocais inigualveis como sempre!",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"Amazing vocals, awesome lyrics! Sia is showing even more versatility. Its better than 1000 forms of fear, in my opinion as a Sia fan. I hope to see amazing videos and justice for Sia on Grammys.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"De longe o melhor lbum do ano e um dos melhores dela! Abre com uma das letras mais fantsticas que a msica j foi agraciada. O lbum se distancia completamente de seu antecessor '1000 Forms Of Fear', o que s comprova que Sia no  mais uma caadora de fama e ateno. Fantstico.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
9,"O lbum mesmo por ser uma verso de msicas descartadas,por incrvel que parea, consegue criar uma atmosfera entre cano,produo e vocais que cativam e envolve a quem o escuta!. This is acting  um misto d pop/soul que lembra lanamentos anteriores (1000 forms of fear e We Are Born) e talvez esse seja o ponto negativo na produo,pois querendo ou no ouvintes necessitam de algo que surpreenda e inove diante a discografia. Destaque para canes como Alive,Birds Set Free,House on Fire,Footprints e Broken Galsses.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
3,"The previous record '1000 Forms of Fear' can be The Dark Knight of Sia's long and lengthy discography. This new record is her Joel Schumacher's Batman and Robin.",1,2,"Feb  2, 2016"
9,"Bird Set Free, Alive and Move Your Body are absolute belters and standouts, really impressive, the rest of the album is above average, 1000 Forms of Fear is still fractionally better I feel :)",2,5,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Sure this is the best her album. There are songs in different styles of music. Alive is pop, Move Your Body is dance, Reaper is reggae, Space Between is indie, etc. I love all of the songs in this album. The conception of   creating of the album is original. Sia gives to the album songs the second breathing. If to talk about songs, they are powerful vocally, many of them have a deep sense, many of them are easy to perceive. Generally, this album is very good. As I am a Sia fun, so my score is 10 from 10.",2,6,"Jan 30, 2016"
0,"Sia was attempting to repeat the success of '2000 forms of fear'. Releasing an album full of rejects was very risky. It's pretty clear why other artists rejected them. Not her best work. Disappointed.",3,11,"Jan 30, 2016"
1,"This album not was the best of sia, I think that she could make it better, lyrics are right, but sounds... could make it better, it's my opinion, nothing more",2,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
0,"Sia wanted to repeat success of her last album and make 2000 Forms Of Fear. This album is really bad, how can she be so lazy to take all the BAD songs recorded for other artists and release it? I like old albums by Sia but this album is very annoying, boring and everything sounds the same, disappointment.",3,16,"Jan 29, 2016"
0,"I really had high expectations from Sia but I must say that this album is below average. I don't really get the idea of recording an album full of rejects from other pop stars. I think it's lazy to do so. Very disappointing project.",2,13,"Jan 31, 2016"
4,"This was a pretty risky move for Sia. Releasing an album of 'rejects' is inevitably going to make people even more critical of it than they normally would, and I'm sorry to say that with many of these songs, it's pretty clear why other artists didn't want them. There are a few good songs like Bird Set Free, Alive, and Cheap Thrills, but for the most part this is a very bland album. Sia is a talented songwriter, as you can tell from her other albums, but here it sounds like she isn't really being herself, as the title implies. She's trying so hard to be mainstream and appeal to the masses that she's lost much of her originality and appeal. Her vocals are what saves this album from being a complete failure, but otherwise there is a mediocre pop album like any other.",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
5,"This album sounds just like '1000 forms of fear' i'm not saying that is awful, but she can do so much better, she need to do something different, but the album is not bad",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
6,"Parace que a Sia lana as mesmas msicas desde Titanium. Tem que inovar, garota. Pior que nem de Alive eu gostei muito. Gostei no comeo mas j abusou.",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"A bold pop album with good, catchy tunes that were unfairly rejected by other singers.
album highlights: Move Your Body, Alive, Powerful.
Minus 3 points because it feels repetitive at times.",0,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
5,"Album assez ingal. Aprs nous avoir propos un solide album avec 1000 Forms of Fear, Sia revient  un album qui semble tre un rejet d'anciennes dmos.
Que vient faire la chanson Sweet Design qui est assez inaudible?
Saluons tout de mme la puissance du titre Broken Glass qui est mon coup de cur de l'album.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"A pretty average album. There are some songs which dont go with her voice and the album does NOT go in a flow either but songs like Move Your Body, Cheap Thrills and Alive make it baring. Much better that Rihanna's album ANTI though.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
3,"The concept of this album is really cool. Sia taking songs she wrote for other artist who rejected them and recording them of them. The only problem is I can totally see why these songs were rejected. Alive isn't nearly as good as songs on '25'. Rihanna has evolved past 'Cheap Thrills' and 'Reaper'. While 'Unstoppable' is a good song its not as strong as 'Confident' by Demi Lovato.",0,2,"Feb 15, 2016"
3,"Sia is an amazing artist and has a LOT of potential. I just didn't feel that this album was all that good, I was expecting more drama, more passion and more emotion. I did not get that",0,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"The whole concept of the album is that all songs were rejected by other artists now that surely sounds like a bad idea from the get-go, but Sia manages to make it work. She transforms into all the artist that the songs were sent to yet at the same her personality shines through in all of them. Don't get mistaken by the idea of the album this is a Sia album and a great one at that.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
5,"I can understand why these songs were rejected, most of them are very uninteresting. There are still great songs like One Million Bullets, Move Your Body and Sweet Design, but This Is Acting sounds like a mess compared to 1000 Forms of Fear. A bit disappointing",0,0,"Feb  3, 2016"
6,"This album is a mainstrean version of Some People Have Real Problems. As much as we have very good song working by themselves, even the dispretentious 'Sweet Design', in a whole we have a scaterred album, a lack of sincronie between the tracks.
On the other hand we see a a different, danceful, a party girl version of Sia, differently from the emotionally-happy We Are Born. Unfortunately the Greg Kurstin production, even though is good dont make justice for the work, sounding like a repeated formula of the unique 1000 forms of fears. As we see a try to make the beats from it happen again and fail in its comparison we see a weak and unfair productio of what could be the most adventorous album ever from her. We can see it by the outsatanding track Reaper produced by Kanye West.
Sia vocals never dissapoint though, So what we have is a good common pop album, and in a week that Rihanna released her alternative project ANTi, pop music fans can enjoy a record like This Is Acting for the next 12 months and this is enough to make a pop album a good album.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"For me, critic is the way to make an artist boost up and can continue their journey and become a better person every step of the way. Music is supposed to be relieving, have soul and deep or hidden meaning, and this album describe all of that. So, it doesn't important if this song is rejected by other artists, it's not because Sia not good at writes, it because Sia writing another one. Sia still co wrote Flashlight despite of Bird Set Free that didn't released to those film.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
7,"After 2014s triumphant return of singer/songwriter and powerhouse vocalist Sia with 1000 Forms of Fear, she became a household name. What ended up being a slightly unconventional and potentially downright uncommercial move ended up really bringing more attention to the project, leaving Sia in a very similar position of notoriety and success shared with the pop stars she started writing for when she retired.
1000 Forms of Fear adopted some of the trendier and pop leaning sounds Sia had been using writing for others, all the while balancing them with quirkier elements of her taste and darker more personal lyrics.
This Is Acting curiously takes this further as its comprised almost entirely of songs written for and subsequently rejected by other artists. The concept being that these arent things Sia would necessarily say herself, but rather an act. This isnt particularly unfamiliar territory for Sia as her vocals were reluctantly used on massive hits like David Guettas Titanium (meant for Alicia Keys), and Flo Ridas Wild Ones (meant for Katy Perry). Stating in an interview of the latter that she would never say I want to shut down in the club. This is repeated on This Is Acting with self confidence anthems like Unstoppable harkening the former and a slew carefree dance tracks all of which employ uncharacteristic (and perhaps even off brand) lyrics for a Sia song.
The results on This Is Acting is somewhat mixed. Starting with Bird Set Free Sia wails triumphantly over a brooding arrangement of her freedom. Moving into Alive, the most Chandelier like track, Sia laments over a chugging rhythm before exclaiming with the utmost power and pain that Im Alive!. An obvious highlight, this track speaks to the albums successes. Her signature creak, cracks, and squeaks inject so much emotion, passion, and texture in the vocal delivery that I feel Adele wouldnt have been able to.
One Million Bullets, the only song on here Sia wrote for herself, is blissful and torn, oddly dark and uplifting power pop. Her voice subtlety ricochets before soaring into an explosive chorus. These would have felt absolutely at home on 1000 Forms of Fear. However, from here on out we traverse somewhat uncharted territory.
Move Your Body, an EDM club banger initially meant for Shakira, starts with Sia chanting and eventually inflecting in Shakira-esque fashion. Unstoppable fails to make much of an impact as the pop landscape is now so saturated with a Sia penned inspirational uplifting anthem. Cheap Thrills thumps with Caribbean undertones singing of spending an inexpensive night out on the town. Though odd chanting children, and alien like auto-tuned backing vocals add a bit of the Sia quirkiness to this track thats largely a miss from this album.
Kanye collab Reaper finds a way to take the dark subject matter and make it sunny and somewhat breezy. House On Fire (a personal favourite of mine) attaches light and sunny pop rhythm with a sneakily catchy and smooth vocal line, juxtaposed with the dark reality of the lyrics whilst also taking cues from motifs found on her last record. Its after this song where the record kind of dips of.
Footprints suffers too much from its clich to make much of a meaningful impact as a love song. Sweet Design takes the sampled funk of BDay era Beyonce, with half enunciated lyrics about booty that sound awkward coming from a persona like Sias. The slight middle eastern tint is nice on Broken Glass but the song stays somewhat stagnant as Sia cries of perseverance for loves sake only to be shaken up slightly at the tail end by a glitched out vocal part that appears before the song wraps up. And album closer Space Between finds Sia straight up wailing over an atmospheric backdrop, but not in a way that is affecting like Cellophane off of 1000 Forms of Fear. The listener struggles to find the slightest redemption in this chore of a song as it trudges along.
Ultimately This Is Acting is a somewhat interesting, if also somewhat wholly unsatisfying experiment. This is certainly Sias least consistent album since Colour the Small One. And this isnt at the fault of The Acting pers, but as the initial intrigue in hearing Sia perform her best Shakira and Rihanna impressions quickly wane when youre left with the reality of the mixed bag thats This Is Acting. Its entirely conceivable to understand why some of these songs were passed on. But the versatility might offer a little of something for everyone. Whether its the more typical Sia in the absolutely emotionally affected and devastating power pop songs, the odd dance songs that worked, or the odd dance songs that didnt. While I find Sias voice satisfying enough to listen through the record (save for perhaps the closer) its absolutely understandable why this album will fall short for so many.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
8,"'This is Acting' takes an interesting concept (That of using songs written for different artist) and turns it in to a beautifully constructed album, with some of Sia's bet work to date. Since these where written for different artist, it gives Sia some experimenting into different styles of music. 'Cheap Thrills' or 'Reaper' where originally written for Rhianna, and you can tell due to their up-beat production and lyrics but, since Sia is doing the Singing, we see a 'Happy-Go-Lucky' side to her that we haven't seen in a long time. And it works...really well actually! Sia has always been a strong vocalist but here, she brings her voice to some new limits, and even breaks those limits sometimes, such as in 'Alive' and yet, it feels empowering instead of irritating, something that can be very hard to due. The production is also very experimental with songs like 'Reaper' or 'Move Your Body' and, for the most part, it works really well. These song have so many different small details to them, that it adds up to an interesting listen! All that said there are bad songs on the album like 'Unstoppable', which is just tiring to listen to, or 'Sweet Design', which try's to paint Sia as seductive mistress with a 'Sweet Design' for an ass, but fails miserably. But even with that, 'This is Acting' proves to be an experimental done right, with great work from everyone involved.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
6,"I like it. But do not sound different from the others works by Sia. The lyrics do not vary as formatting and some musics are very tedious. Some songs are very powerful like 'Alive' and 'Bird set free'.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
7,"There are moments where Sia is at her absolute songwriting best, powerful, deep and drawing the listener in to every verse, but ultimately, an album comprised of songs originally meant for other artists is bound to be a bit uneven. I dont think this was ever intended to be an artistic masterpiece, but it sounds like Sia had so much fun recording it. Some beautiful moments, some weaker tracks, but overall enjoyable.
My Top Tracks: Unstoppable, Broken Glass, Space Between",0,0,"Feb 10, 2016"
6,"Sia Furler has come a long way since her great fifth studio album, 'We Are Born', that should have been her big breakthrough. The singer/songwriter had a lot to bring to the pop industry and she proved it more than once on big, yet never quite unique, pop songs she wrote for major artists as Rihanna, Beyonc or Katy Perry.
After a very radio-friendly and heartfelt sixth album, '1000 Forms Of Fear', good but too polished to be as fascinating as her early works, Sia who is now well-known as an artist, a songwriter but especially as a performer, reveals an album that is worth listening to for his concept : 'This Is Acting' is composed by songs Furler has written originally for huge names of the pop industry but that were refused.
The concept is fascinating, the idea is here and it makes the attention surrounding Sia's recent music worth it. 'This Is Acting' is the testimony of an artist who wrote some of the biggest songs of these last few years without being acknowledged. It also highlights the fact that the pop industry hides talented artists (and writers) who will give their material to big names even though they could bring a lot more to the pop landscape than those superstars but they are not supported by their labels.
'This Is Acting' is an important album. Unfortunately, the music isn't as fascinating as the concept. Sia's performances are truly outstanding, smart and they add a certain rawness to the unsurprising pop songs. The writing is good without being innovative and the production, even though it is sometimes catchy and nice to listen to ('Cheap Thrills', 'One Million Bullets, ''Sweet Design' with that unexpected 'Thong Song' sample), is pop at his most basic state.
Saying we can understand why these songs were rejected was because they weren't strong enough would be lying : 'Reaper' could have been a great Rihanna's single and 'Footprints' would have definitely been a great addition to Beyonc's recent works. On the other hand, the songs lack of personality (even though it's kind of the point) and consequently the important and interesting concept fall short.
'This Is Acting' is still not Sia's comeback to her alternative roots, we are far from her innovative and creative pop. Yet, the new album is definitely worth listening to and it will please the massive pop audience expecting another batch of radio hits from Sia.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"Bird Set Free: #snatched
Alive:  #multiplatinumsnatchedt
One Million Bullets: #notsosnatched
Move Your Body: #nohairwillevergrowovermyheadanymore
Unstoppable: #multiplatinumsnatchedt
Cheap Thrills: #multiplatinumsnatchedtcaribbeanstyled
Reaper: #snatchedkanyestyled
House on Fire: #weaveissafe
Footprints: #snatched
Sweet Design: #myasswassnatchedt
Broken Glass: #multiplatinumsnatchedt
Space Between: #multiplatinumsnatchedt",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"WOW! This is Sia, kids! It's best album of the January! Oh my God, I love it! My favorite songs - Alive(for Adele), Bird Set Free(for Adele or Rihanna), Move Your Body(for Shakira), House On Fire(for ?), Sweet Design(for Beyonc), Reaper(for Rihanna), Cheap Thrills(for Rihanna), Unstopteble(for Demi Lovato or Katy Perry). Thank you, Sia!",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
9,"Even though this album wasn't as great as 1000 Forms of Fear, there are some great songs on here and Sia's vocals are on point throughout the album.  I think why it was hard to really get into this album was because of the bland beginning.  With the exception of Alive and Bird Set Free, tracks 3-5 should have been omitted.  Despite that, I loved the playful nature of the album and its production.  Sia is still great and loves to experiment which is why she is so much fun to listen to.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2016"
10,"Sure, it may be a bit more pop than her last album, but her voice is so robust and unique that I can't help but enjoy every minute of it. If any other musician made an album this great, the reviews would be through the roof...the reason for the bad reviews are because so many people expected another 1000 Forms of Fear. I like her new and old music alike! She still sings with more passion and soul than a lot of artists out there, not to mention she pens most of the music she sings.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2016"
9,"I heard this album because my partner insisted on playing this constantly for three days. Sia undoubtly proves that she not only has an impressive voice but shows her outstanding ability for writing songs. I loved this album but was distracted all the way through it, wondering who she was acting for. In summary it is a brilliant album but something's missing. Maybe it's the artists?",0,0,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"Potencial incrvel! Me apaixonei nos primeiros singles, batida das musicas inconfundveis como Sia faz, adorei seu novo trabalho. Legal de sua parte montar um lbum com todas as suas musicas rejeitadas por artistas mais atuais. 1000 Forms of Fear no passa a mesma prosperidade desse lbum.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
9,"A powerful album with strong singles and tracks ('Alive', 'Bird Set Free', 'Footprints', 'Cheap Thrills') that delivers a feeling of empowerment and, at the same time, the sense of letting your weaknesses out through the screams that define most of the chorus of the songs. Sia provided unique yet highly appreciable vocals.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"Sia tem uma qualidade vocal impressionante e somada aos timos arranjos: temos um dos melhores lbuns do ano!
Ela veste bem a forma de 'atuar', como ela se prope, em cada faixa e faz parecer que ningum poderia cantar tal msica! Ser injustiado nas premiaes, tal como os passados, porm no por falta de qualidade, pois isso tem de sobra.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
7,"um bom lbum. No mais que isso. Obviamente no se compara com o que foi o anterior, at porque esse  um lbum com msicas descartadas, mas ainda assim  bom.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2016"
9,"1. Bird Set Free 9.8/10
2. Alive 10/10
3. One Million Bullets 8.6/10
4. Move Your Body 10/10
5. Unstoppable 9.7/10
6. Cheap Thrills 10/10
7. Reaper 8.1/10
8. House On Fire 8.8
9. Footprints 8.1
10. Sweet Design 9/10
11. Broken Glass 9.6/10
12. Space Between 10/10
13. Fist Fighting A Sandstorm 9.9/10
14. Summer Rain 10/10",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
7,"Adele, I know you've got one of the biggest selling albums of the last few years (25) and you broke a ton of sales records and stuff, but seriously...you **** up. Same goes to you Rihanna, Shakira, Beyonce, Demi Lovato and anybody who passed up on one of Sia's tracks. The album kicks off with Bird Set Free, a song rejected by Rihanna, then Adele and then Pitch Perfect 2. Adele actually co-wrote the second track, Alive, with Sia and Tobias Jesso Jr. but it never made the cut on 25. Both of these songs are absolutely explosive and to be honest I'm glad they retained Sia's incomparable vocals (especially that god damn bridge in Alive). These two songs are a pretty solid way to start off the album, both tracks reaching for that huge anthemic sound that Chandelier had, which catapulted Sia to mainstream stardom.
In case it wasn't clear, the idea of Sia's 7th record right here is to compile a collection a songs the Aussie songwriter composed for other singers but ended up keeping for herself. So when you hear Sia exclaim 'News travels fast when you've got an ass like my sweet design' and get deeply confused, she's just channeling Jennifer Lopez. Speaking of channeling; you can actually hear the intended artists voice replicated on some of these cuts. The most notable has got to be Move Your Body, where Sia basically becomes Shakira, accent and all, and oddly creates the best Shakira track in years (once again, you **** up).
It's when you hear tracks like the aforementioned Shakira throwaway that you realise the title of this album makes more sense than you think. Sia is genuinely a talented voice actor, perfectly tapping into the artist's voice the song is intended for, making the guessing game pretty easy. The fact we get to hear Sia sing styles and lyrics we never would have otherwise, is actually pretty refreshing and definitely a total departure from her dark and personal 2014 record 1000 Forms of Fear. If you were a big fan of that album you might be a little disappointed with This Is Acting, but anybody who's a fan of Sia's vocal work and songwriting in general definitely won't.
Sia can't take 100% of the credit for these songs though, the list of collaborators on this album is pretty long. Sia teams up with Greg Kurstin for the fourth time for some of the album's best tracks such as 'Move Your Body' and 'Cheap Thrills', co written and produced by Kurstin. Jesse Shatkin (co-writer/producer of 'Chandelier')  is back again too producing hits like 'Alive', 'House on Fire' and 'Footprints' to name a few. Kanye West even shows up here weirdly enough, producing and writing track 7 'Reaper', which is a bit of a let down considering the star power behind it. Other artists that had a hand in this project include Tobias Jesso Jr. (co-wrote Adele's 'When We Were Young'), Christopher Braide (co-wrote/produced 'Space Between'),  and Jack Antonoff (lead guitarist of fun.).
Let's just get it out of the way, this is a collection of formulaic pop songs. These could all be Billboard Top 40 radio hits and some even border on generic. But there's something that saves them from mediocrity and that is Sia herself. Her voice lends something special to these songs which could otherwise have been wasted on other artists, even a simple radio pop song is transformed with the gravitas Sia's amazing vocals can imbue. 'There's a scream inside that we all try to hide / We hold on so tight we cannot deny / eats us alive, oh it eats us alive, oh'. Then again there are some lyrics throughout the album that although they might seem simple to some i actually think are pretty clever: 'I'm gonna drink you in / like oxygen, like oxygen / Baby i'm a house on fire, and i wanna keep burnin''.
The themes on This Is Acting include love, emancipation, empowerment and relationship drama. So even though Sia may be singing from the perspective of other artists, she still manages to hit all the classic Sia beats. Much like the mainstream pop sound, another aspect that might put people off this record is the glossy high quality sheen on these tracks, Everything seems to be very cleanly and meticulously calculated for radio success and as I mentioned before, the only part saving these tracks from emotionless pop hits is Furler's voice. As talented as a songwriter Sia can be, her voice is definitely her most powerful aspect and the part of her that draws listeners in.
In the end, This Is Acting is less of an album and more of a collection/compilation of hits. If you were a big fan of Sia's radio smashes like Diamonds (Rihanna) or Titanium (David Guetta) then this is a collection you're gonna want to check out. As long as you know what you're getting yourself into there's definitely a lot of enjoyment to be had for Sia fans and pop music fans in general.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2016"
8,"Sia proves once again what an amazing songwriter she is! This songs were rejected by other artists she wrote them for but they still sound great. 'Alive' is a masterpiece (you can really feel the Adele vibe here), 'Cheap thrills' is catchy as hell (better without Sean Paul in my opinion), 'Move your body' is a banger, 'Bird set free' is empowering...in other words the album really stands out! Great job, Sia!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
7,"Normalmente cuando algn artista decide grabar un disco debido al xito de un single 'de prueba' no espero nada muy grande y 'Wildfire' no fue la excepcin, lo escuch nicamente por recomendacin y por ser el primer disco del ao. Quiz no es lo mejor que pudo hacer pero fue bastante agradable encontrar un par de canciones que no se olvidan de un da a otro. Es su primer trabajo discogrfico y es bastante completo, Rachel no se arriesgo, se mantuvo en su zona de confort y eso est bien porque le funcion.
Highlights:
Better Place
Stand By You
Lone Ranger
Beating Me Up
Astronauts
Congratulations",2,3,"Jan 15, 2016"
0,"I don't really know on why the GP likes this girl so much. Her songs are beyond basic and dated. This album as a whole was just really dreadful. Girl, empowerment songs are so 2010. Move on!",2,4,"Jan 14, 2016"
3,"Wow, this album is so bland and forgettable, no wonder this was released in January. Rachel's singing does have some personality, but she just can't carry the weight of the subject matter. She isn't a great songwriter either, it can be passable at some points, but it mostly just sounds like bad high school poetry. The production and instrumentation isn't interesting at all, its the same percussion heavy pop production that's popular. I doubt that I will remember that this album even exists in about a month.",2,4,"Jan 18, 2016"
2,"The album pretty much sucks. She just got lucky with Fight Song thats it. No offence she's one of those artist who only have ONE good year in their career like Carly Rae, Robin Thicke, Mackelmore and Iggy Azalea
Sorry Stand by You is also disappointing!
Better luck next time Rachel!",1,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Oh this holy record sent me to the pop heaven. The melodies are so catchy and happy that you'll want to replay the songs over and over, her vocals are amazing. When will my faves?",2,5,"Jan 12, 2016"
3,"This album is basically the result of a car crash between Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift. Rachel took the worst from both and mixed it into a collection of impersonal, bland, forgettable songs that are supposed to be the work of several years, but that don't even manage to sound better than a rushed album recorded in three months. I don't exactly understand what Rachel is trying to convey to the listener with these songs, but it certainly left me with nothing. It was a rather boring experience, you know. The lyrics are also pretty bad on most songs, with an abuse of clichs (something Katy Perry and Taylor Swift do too, but they use the clichs in a smart way). But now let's move on to the positive things about the album. The cover.",0,1,"Feb  3, 2016"
0,"another trash marketing album, this songs are boring and repetitives it seems like a one hour song
i'm sorry rachel but this album it's pure garbage...",0,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"WIG OFF Underrated masterpiece, every song slayed me. I love the lead single. Listen it You'll be amazed that her vocals will snatch your boo. Guaranteed I swear.",0,3,"Jan 12, 2016"
5,"i am quite disappointed with this album. She may have the vocals but this album for me is one of those album that you really think is good but than it sucks. There are only like 4 songs which are wrote listening to. Unfortunately i don't think that she will make a huge success in the music industry and i think she is a one hit wonder.
my score:
1. stand by you 8/10
2. Hey Hey Hallelujah ft Andy Grammer  5/10
3. Specchless 6/10
4. Beating me up 5/10
5. Fight song 8/10
6. Better place 9/10
7. Long Ranger 4/10
8. You don't know my heart 5/10
9. Angles in Chelsea 5/10
10. Astronauts 4/10
11. Congratulations 5/10
12. Superman 5/10
overall: 57.5",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
10,"The moment when you listen to the first song, 'WILD', it's when you begin to feel the emotions. Simple but effective, clear message, fun and exciting.
'BITE' is my favorite. Troye doesn't totally explain us what's the song about, he uses the metaphors to make us think about it. Combined with the beat and the production, the whole thing going on with the background sounds... Makes one of the best songs on the album.
'FOOLS' and 'THE QUIET' are about typical discussions or problems in a relationship, but he manages to say it all with beautiful lyrics and some killer chorus. May leave you thinking about it.
'YOUTH' is actually a song that I would like to sing driving in the middle of the night, with the windows open and the person I love sitting next to me. Gives you hope and this crazy-teenager-lovers feel.
'COOL' hits like fresh air. So classy and mysterious.
'HEAVEN' is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. Troye makes us ask ourselves this hard questions, 'will I get to Heaven? will I live happily after all even if I'm so different?', Betty Who angelical voice gives me chills and it works so good in the song.
'LOST BOY' and 'TOO GOOD' are the smashing hits, with the lyrics, the beat (guitar part on TOO GOOD it's just awesome) and the aptitude.
'SUBURBIA' represents the childhood memories, those moments where everything was pure and greatness, playing on the park and cocking with mummy, but at the same time, nostalgia and pain, the bitterness of growing up and leaving it all.
Last but not least, 'for him.', modern love letter, so cute and gets to make you fluffy on the inside
One last thing. Just don't be a hater. A YouTuber can be also a musician, a writer o a movie star, if he/she really wants to. This is the best DEBUT album I've heard, I don't want you to think this way if you don't want, because everyone has their opinion, but it's undeniable that the album is so good and doesn't deserve a freaking ZERO.",23,23,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing from start to finish. It's probably the best music that I've heard. WILD was really an awesome EP but I never thought the full album would be any better, but it was. Troye's voice is really unique, you will always know that it's him when you hear a song. The lyrics are uncommon but really relatable, personally I found myself listening to EASE and relate to every word. TALK ME DOWN is really sweet and I think it's the best track in the album with FOOLS. I also loved the collabs, especially Alex Hope in BLUE and Broods in EASE.
Overall the album has a unique sound; Troye is doing music like no one in the pop industry and it's really showing that he is not just some youtuber trying to do music, he actually does what he loves and he does it amazingly, not trying to have massive success and doing what everyone else is doing already. 10/10 any day.",23,23,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"A highlight of the album is the Australian rapper featured love song for him. The chorus demonstrates a new set of vocals of Sivans youthful energy, singing in purposeful overly sweet tones with the lyrics Sickeningly sweet like honey / Dont need money / All I need is you. Its the track that has more than enough potential to dominate the radio.
Going back to his roots, Sivan sings of the suburban life he desperately misses in the melodious Suburbia track. Have you heard me on the radio / Did you turn it up? / On your blown-out stereo in suburbia? The chorus accompanies soft drum machines and violins dub stepped to bring in a nostalgic feeling reminiscent of Lana Del Rey herself.
TOO GOOD and BITE fluctuate between being sensual and emotionally redundant. Production wise BITE is the overall superior between the two. The track tells the story of Sivans first experience in a gay club, while TOO GOOD sounds like the aftermath of a one night stand or friends with benefits arrangement. Each romanticized the terrifying feeling of new experiences. BITE pulls it off while TOO GOOD delivers a slow burn before ultimately puttering out in an anti-climatic string of violins.
COOL gets lost in its twin track YOUTH. Both start in with cut and dry lyrics, a crescendo bridge, before the chorus and heavily edited beats come in. YOUTH triumphs with its background repetitive shouts along with the chorus, pulled from the first single WILD, while COOL loses its momentum and listens like a filler between ballads TALK ME DOWN and HEAVEN. It paints the perfect picture of being rich, pretty, and vulnerable. Its a sweet-sounding and slowed down version of Happy Little Pill, which put Sivan on the map, but loses its way.
Its easy while listening to Blue Neighborhood to forget that Sivan is a mere twenty years old and still has much more time to grow as an artist. LOST BOY and BLUE set the album in Grammy worthy territory, with superb production and melodic, haunting lyrics.
Blue Neighbourhood isnt lacking in relatable content, nor original lyrics. Its a concrete debut in its purest form: where the lyrics and production fall in place to the point where one listen isnt nearly enough; even by the third or fourth listen, youll still be pulling out lyrical gems that sparks the replay button.",20,20,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is so good, TOO GOOD it makes want to roll half-naked around my house with my stereo blasting all the songs so loud that the neighbours will have to go to another town.",19,19,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"E valeu MUITO  pena esperar. Cada msica possui sua prria essncia, sua prpria carga, e ecada carga  despejada sobre ns quando a prxima faixa chega.  um dos discos que eu vou ouvir sem enjoar por um longo tempo.",23,25,"Jan 19, 2016"
8,"From start to finish a fantastic album. I especially love how Troye has worked with other young artists, producers and song-writers. Absolutely in love with it.",28,31,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A super good album. Anyways, Troye started recently at Music Industry but he already have haters.. it's ridiculous. But well, the album is Perfect, WILD EP contains good songs and HEAVEN, COOL and for him. are my favourite at the album.",26,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"Sem dvidas o melhor lbum de 2015 Troye mostra seus trabalhos de uma forma inexplicvel nesse lbum , esse  o nascimento de uma nova estrela no mundo Pop. Parabns Troye Sivan. Que venha o TS2!!",25,28,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"I cri everytiem. But 8/8. Yaasssss you so goood. Awesome stuff! I think his music is really touching and stuff. Great album!!!    tl;dr: troye is da best",26,30,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015 sem dvidas, posso ouvir todo lbum o dia inteiro por dias que no irei enjoar, sem contar que me identifico com maioria das msicas,  timo ter um artista LGBT que ir se expressar contando experiencias que voc se identifica, e o melhor de tudo,  bom ter um artista verdadeiro nessa indstria que escreve realmente o que j viveu e consegue manter uma qualidade excelente nas msicas",25,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"O album  otimo, Troye  um artista totalmente diferente desses atuais, o garoto mal chegou e ja tem haters, com argumentos de que ele s e famoso agora por ser gay, tipo ????, gente vamos parar de drama e vamos ouvir a musica.",28,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A fantastic full-length release from a unique artist who we have all watched develop over the years. Blue Neighbourhood brings a fresh and inviting electronic pop sound with a diverse assortment of tracks, ranging from the optimistic tone of 'Youth' to the pensive duet that is 'Heaven'. What makes this album remarkable is the honesty and maturity of the lyrics. Each song tells a personal and meaningful story that listeners may find inspiring or be able to identify with emotionally. Bringing together a stellar cast of writers and producers, Troye's first studio album is definitely a strong introduction to what he has in store for us in the future.",27,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"",12,12,"Jan 28, 2016"
8,"The deluxe edition SUCKED. Besides that, the album is pretty much great in all aspects: his soft vocals, his artsy lyricism, and the production that blends in well with his words. The only real flaw I found in this record was that there wasn't any moment that was unforgettable or momentous or anything. No song was too emotionally moving, either.",10,10,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",9,9,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",8,8,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"The first three tracks of the album, WILD, FOOLS and EASE, all are originally from WILD. They are a fantastic introduction to the album, as it is designed to be a continuation of some of the topics he touched on in the EP. WILD introduces the blue neighborhood by explaining how desperately he wants to escape its mundane and pressuring atmosphere for a love no one there is willing to understand.
The first new song is TALK ME DOWN, which Sivan released as a single weeks before the album dropped. In perfect harmony with his already distinct musical style, the track is a piece that gets you way too in touch with your feelings. Sivan honestly sings this echoing song about desiring physical affection from a male lover, which is incredibly refreshing. As Joy Roden from News Corp Australia puts it, Sivan is fearless and honest in a way most pop stars arent.  Which includes not shying away from pronouns. This is further exhibited by later album track, for him., an upbeat piece about needing someone, featuring Australian rapper Allday.
The next champion of the album is YOUTH, also released as a single before the album dropped. The instrumental of this song is like lace  smooth on the surface but intricate in its layers. When the drums drop against the synthesizer at the end of the chorus, it will be nearly impossible to sit still. Besides, theres no greater song to dance around like a fool to than a song about being young and wild.
HEAVEN is a heartbreaking song about Sivan being gay and not knowing if hell ever really be accepted for it. With a harmonizing feature by Betty Who, the song resonates in a chamber-choir style that shakes you emotionally. The chorus is meant to summarize one of Sivans greatest struggles of coming out in a Jewish household. As he says in the YouTube snippet previewing the song, he contemplated, If there is a God, does that God hate me? If there is a heaven, am I ever going to make it to heaven?  If there is a heaven, and I cant be myself up there, maybe I dont want heaven.
The chorus goes, Without losing a piece of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ Without changing a part of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ All my time is wasted./ Feeling like my hearts mistaken, oh./ So if Im losing a piece of me/ Maybe I dont want heaven? In his soft voice, these lyrics feel almost as though hes just thinking out loud in a moment of deep reflection, making them some of the most touching of the album.
The greatest contributor to the albums concept is SUBURBIA, a haunting piece about a basic and boring blue neighborhood where nothing new seems to happen, even though there are countless stories sitting inside the homes, the cars and the people. This song and LOST BOY are the only two from the album that Sivan wrote completely on his own, making for incredibly raw and honest pieces straight from his heart and soul. SUBURBIA is a phenomenal conclusion to the album, offering closure on this blue neighbourhood weve just walked through alongside Sivan and his angelic voice.
At this point, there is very little that adorably awkward Sivan can do wrong. His debut studio album is a holistic piece of art that creates an atmosphere of disharmony and dissatisfaction like nothing before it. His rapid production is promising for his big fans, as hes likely to release more music soon. If this guys talent wasnt already undeniable, Blue Neighbourhood is about to change that.",3,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Simplesmente fantstico... um dos melhores lbuns de 2015, amei a escolha de Youth como primeiro Single, mas ainda quero que ele escolha Blue tambm, antes de fechar a divulgao do lbum.",2,2,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"",2,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso, parabns Troye e equipe. Musicas perfeitas e bem produzidas, um dos melhores trabalhos do ano passado e  interessante que cada musica tenha um diferencial uma das outras e funcionam muito bem juntas",1,1,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"All the songs, lyrics, compositions, sounds and production, are perfect, when I listened to WILD, I think that was the moment when I said that whole album is going to be... Thanks Troye Sivan",1,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
9,"This boy has a talent, definitely. He doesn't need to hype such as many artists of young generation nowaday - Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Taylor Swift, etc. Songs are so good. The best ones - TALK ME DOWN, YOUTH, WILD, LOST BOY",1,1,"Feb 24, 2016"
5,"No vi nada demais no Blue Neighbourhood. A voz do Troye Sivan  muito bonita e sexy, mas as msicas soam repetitivas, todas parecem a mesma coisa, salvando-se as excees 'Wild', 'Youth' e 'Swimming Pools'.",1,2,"May 23, 2016"
0,"Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.",0,3,"Jun 28, 2016"
5,"Debi de trabajar mas en la letra, su voz queda atrs con el sonido puesto, repetitivo. Troye Sivan no tiene mucho que aportar a la msica. Es bueno, le falta mejorar, tiene para hacerlo.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2016"
8,"Eu gosto do 'BH', WILD  minha favorita, as composies so bonitas, eu gosto das batidas e dos vocais dele, mas, para mim, ele s no merece uma nota maior porque  mais um lbum 'digestvel' como milhares por a.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2016"
6,"Normally I don't like male singers, but Troye actually has a nice, soothing, sexy voice. Blue Neighbourhood is a surprisingly mature album considering how young he is. The production is nice and the music doesn't cater towards kids with ADD like everything else does these days. That being said, pretty much every song on this album is a ballad, and it really drags on, especially if you're listening to the deluxe version (which I would recommend, since the added songs are better than the ones on the standard edition). Anyway, I think Troye definitely shows off some amazing talent and potential with this album, but Blue Neighbourhood is far from perfect.
Standout tracks: THE QUIET, for him., BLUE",0,0,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"DA AT UMA PONTADA DE ORGULHO AO VER TODOS ESSES RATINGS NOTA 10 EU ESCOLHI TE AMAR TROYE SZIVAAN MEU AMORZINHO, VOC  MUITO PRECIOSO TE AMO DEMAISSS",0,0,"May  1, 2016"
8,"This album is rad. I don't usually feel so attached with male musicians, but this is soooo cool. I loved ''talk me down'', ''lost boy'', and all the tracks from the EP Wild. well done",0,0,"Feb  6, 2016"
8,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel, todas as msicas so timas e o mais importante  que o Troye participou de TODO o processo de criao do lbum e foi totalmente sincero. Impossvel no sentir alguma coisa com faixas como 'FOOLS' e 'TALK ME DOWN'.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
9,"Troye demonstra paixo, alegria, tristeza e solido, um modelo perfeito de como a adolescncia  confusa, s vezes eufrica e apaixonante e no deixando de ser triste e difcil.
Destaque para Ease, Fools, Talk Me Down, Wild e Youth.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood  um lbum cheio de emoes, e garante o entretenimento do ouvinte. Melhores msicas: 'EASE', 'HEAVEN', 'THE QUIET' E 'BITE'. Perfeito!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'WithoutBlue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'Without losing a piece of me
How do I get to heaven?
Without changing a part of me
How do I get to heaven?
All my time is wasted
Feeling like my heart's mistaken, oh
So if I'm losing a piece of me
Maybe I don't want heaven?'
Favourite tracks - Talk Me Down, Fools, Wild, Youth, Heaven, Suburbia",0,0,"Jun 24, 2016"
9,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.
my score:
1. WILD 10/10
2. BITE 9/10
3. FOOLS 10/10
4. EASE 8/10
5. THE QUIET 9/10
6. DKLA 8/10
7. TALK ME DOWN 10/10
8. COOL 9/10
9. HEAVEN 10/10
10.YOUTH 10/10
11. LOST BOY 10/10
12. FOR HIM 9/10
13.SUBURBIA 9/10
14. TOO GOOD 8/10
15. BLUE 8/10
16. WILD (XXYXX REMIX) 8/10
Overall: 90.6",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"[ENGLISH] I love so much this album. I think this album says us a lot of things of Troye's life and the life of persons in the LGBT community. Listen to this album, it surprise you.
[ESPAOL] Me encanta mucho este lbum, pienso que nos dice muchas cosas acerca de la vida de Troye y de las personas en la comunidad LGBT. Deben escuchar este lbum, los sorprender.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
10,"'Blue Neighbourhood' is one of the greatest albums 2015 had to offer. Lyrically, the album is a masterpiece; emotional, deep, relatable. The astonishing lyrics when accompanied by Sivan's voice makes the listening experience extremely enjoyable. All 16 tracks offer a different vibe lyrically and musically and Sivan's vocal range is extremely pleasing to the ears.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2016"
7,"The slow build up of minimalist beats and confused synth riffs combined with odd and somehow disturbing lyrics are sure to please any of fan of experimental and slightly off-beat electronic music.",4,5,"Dec  3, 2015"
1,"Dont let pretentious reviewers fool you. This is pure unadulterated trash. This cant even be enjoyed ironically. A sad indicator of the state of the music thats pushed by the likes of pitchfork.",0,7,"Jan  4, 2016"
7,"One Direction's 5th album 'Made in the a.m.' is either their swan song or pre-hiatus treat.  Whichever of those it ends up being, it certainly plays like a swan song.  The mood is all subdued pop-rock torch songs, with the occasional dash of bounce to speed things up a tad.  A bit more variety would have served them better, but they manage to wring some catchy moments out of this approach even so.
Not a group to fix what isn't broken, they wisely stick with long time musician/producer/collaborators Julian Bunetta & John Ryan.  This time around, they are still lost in the 80's, but the influence they're wearing on their sleeves is telegraphed straight out of a Don Henley ballad, or more often Bryan Adams in full blown super-schlock slow croon mode.  They even throw in a dash of Coldplay-aping skyscraping sounds on 'Infinity.'  Even as they raise the roof up, the mood drops right back into subdued and mellow territory with 'If I could fly' which is emblematic of the main problem with this disc.  1D have always managed to expand beyond the usual boy band formula - primarily because they've steered well clear of the pop R&B / new jack swing sounds that were favored by groups like Backstreet Boys, N'Sync and the like.  The trouble here is that almost every single song is built to be a crowd-pleasing swooner.  One of those songs where if it were played live, every lighter (or these days, every cell phone) would go up as the crowd swayed along to the music.  It isn't to say they can't do these songs well - when it comes to sugar-packed bubble gum pop injected with just enough pop rock grit to keep it from sounding too over-the-top sweet, 1D and their collaborators have the recipe for that style of pop down to a science.
Just as on Four, they often telegraph their influences in music that blurs the line between homage and copycat moves - but really, when it works well, such as on 'What A Feeling' (Tango In The Night era Fleetwood Mac, anyone?) it sounds good enough that most would be hard pressed to worry about it.
And stepping away from talk of their influences for a moment - album highlight is certainly 'Love you goodbye' which plays as a [possibly] intentional sequel-song to 'Spaces' off their last album.  It's sad-sack power balladry at its finest, with just the right amount of power-ballad guitar embellishment to really drive the feeling home.
What's missing is [again] the variety.  On 'Four' there were more sprightly numbers to liven up the proceedings, from 'No Control' to the so-catchy-it-hurts 'Change Your Ticket.'  Here, those moments are few and far between ('Temporary Fix' is a welcome respite from the slow croon numbers) but they aren't slotted in often enough to change things up quite often enough.  It feels like the remaining 4 members of 1D treated this too much like a going away album, and in doing so made polished boy-band pop rock that forgets to be energetic for much of the album.  Bunetta & Ryan manage to spin up catchy instrumentation for their voices still, sure - but the spark just isn't there.  Perhaps a sign they would benefit from a break, and perhaps trying to stretch beyond their boundaries a bit - including the potential for doing solo work without the crutch of their long time collaborators.
'Made in the a.m.' is 1D doing what they do well and still trying to stretch beyond the sounds that made them.",2,2,"Nov 17, 2015"
4,"Meh, I actually listened to this album after listening to zayn's new one because I was impressed by that kid so just tried to check out if I was missing on these 4 guys as well but its safe to say Mr. Malik is the most talented of the group. This album is bland..not totally horrible..i liked 'Walking in the wind' and that one beatles esque song and Drag Me Down is catchy but thats it. Yeah these guys can sing but their music doesn't seem to improve with time. They should just break up already. Its about time.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"Finalmente a 1D fez algo que no 'atingisse ou se dirigisse' apenas para uma determinada faixa-etria, 'Infinity'  a minha favorita, 'Perfect' tambm  uma das melhores, 'History' foi uma tima escolha de single, eu amo 'Drag Me Down' mas tem algumas faixas do lbum que realmente eu no consigo 'engolir', 'Temporary Fix', 'Long Way Down', e 'Wolves'. Mas apesar de tudo,  a melhor era da banda, por isso a minha nota  9.",1,1,"Feb  5, 2016"
7,"The album is not bad, but it is the same as the previous ones, always the same music for all albums, which makes the band a somewhat repetitive thing, and this album remains an empty album in the career of One Direction ...",1,1,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely brilliant. Their sound has really changed and their lyrics are so beautifully written. These boys aren't 'bubblegum pop' anymore and they have totally proved that with this album. People should definitely have a listen.",12,14,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"A oned evolui muito desde o Four, esse lbum  diferente de tudo o que eles j fizeram, eles sempre esto evoluindo e com o MITAM no foi diferente. O MITAM  aqueles lbuns que uma hora voc pode estar danando uma baladinha e em outra chorando vendo a chuva pela janela.
S no digo que  o melhor lbum porque o melhor lbum ainda est por vir.
Reis, pisaram como sempre.",5,6,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Really good album. There are no specific subjects for the album, the songs talk about everything, since missing someone, to boys in clubs. The vocals are really good, they have improved so much these years. Really proud.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, amazing vocals, amazing lyrics. They've worked really hard on it and I just love it so much. With more maturity from One Direction, ome songs do you remember much in the 80s. My favorite songs on Made in the A.M  are 'Perfect', 'History', 'End of the Day', 'What a Feeling', 'Love You Goodbye', 'Temporary Fix' and 'AM'.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
9,"Amazing work! Each song sounds fresh and exciting! The lyrics are great. Boys have grown in terms of music, it can be seen. No doubt the 10  10!
These songs get stuck for a long time in my playlist.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Eu acho incrvel como a One Direction amadureceu em todos esses anos. Para mim, a msica  uma bela forma de se conhecer o artista. E, no Up All Night e no Take Me Home, apesar de serem bons, eu nunca consegui entender qual era a da One Direction. O que eles realmente eram? Qual tipo de msica os agradava? Quais eram as suas experincias de vida? Eu no sabia. A partir do Midnight Memories, eles inovaram. Eles decidiram mostrar que no eram apenas a One Direction, uma boyband criada no The X Factor para conquistar o corao de muitas meninas durante alguns anos para depois desaparecer. Eles queriam mostrar quem eles eram, porque eles chegaram at aqui, o talento NATO deles. Foi uma caminhada de trs passos, onde o primeiro foi o Midnight Memories, o segundo o FOUR, e o terceiro e ltimo o Made In The A,.M. Essa  a One Direction. Esse  o tipo de msica que eles gostam, essas so as experincias de vida deles. Mesmo depois de perder um integrante, a One Direction mostrou-se forte e capaz. Eles mostraram, literalmente, que nada pode pux-los para baixo. Esse lbum  incrvel, e eu no poderia dar uma nota menor que 10.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Melhor album na minha opinio, mais amadurecimento nas msicas, muito gostoso de se ouvir, Olivia tem uma coisa que me faz querer ouvir mais e mais, A.M. tambm, ambas as msicas so minhas preferidas :)",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Seriously this is their best record to date ! I can't get enough of these songs ! they're all so so good and they reach a whole new level, it's an old style but modern at the same time ! And in addition it has this rock influence ! this is a total buzz",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Their sounds is much more mature, the lyrics are amazing; all the songs are so different from each other. Most of the album was written by them. I don't care if it will debut at #1 on Billboard 200 or not, this album was made for us, fans, and we just have to love it and be here for our boys! No competition, just enjoy the music...",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Um lbum fabuloso, que mostra a sua evoluo em todos os aspectos, seja, liricamente, vocalmente,  definitivamente a mais pura obra-prima da carreira, que demonstra o quo talentosos so e prova para aqueles que os subestimaram, a capacidade que eles tem como artistas!",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Cheesy lyrics , weak vocals . Tomlinson is still irrelevant in the album , so predictable .
I am sincerely sorry for all of you twelve-year-old girls who actually like One Direction, because you have NO TASTE IN MUSIC WHATSOEVER! Everything by One Direction or related to them is going to be crap. These four boys are the WORST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD for bringing crap like this into it. Please girls, drop this, and go listen to AM and Up The Bracket. Please.",3,4,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"O lbum  muito bom, eles mostraram que realmente tem potencial, e isso  timo, talento no falta a eles, e eles realmente fizeram esse lbum de corao, no pra vender e nem nada e sim pra agradar as fs e mostrar o seu potencial antes de dar uma pausa.",4,6,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"The songs from this album feels like all the songs that didn't make it to its predecessors. They are pretty boring and the lyrics are very shallow. It's a pretty disappointing album to leave the fans for a boy group that will undergo hiatus.",4,6,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"they grow up so fast!! This album is so different from the others! best album of them and I hope these scores up because they deserve more than 65, they work so hard to do it! Justin Bieber's new album is not good as One Direction! Just Saying....",2,3,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"Everyone is saying how similar the album is so much similiar to the others but if you've ever actually listened to any of them, you can tell how different it is.",2,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
0,"I am sincerely sorry for all of you twelve-year-old girls who actually like One Direction, because you have NO TASTE IN MUSIC WHATSOEVER! Everything by One Direction  or related to them is going to be crap. These four boys are the WORST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD for bringing crap like this into it. Please girls, drop this, and go listen to AM and Up The Bracket. Please.",2,3,"Mar 11, 2016"
0,"An album where mostly all the songs sound exactly the same or are rip offs of previous hits by previous artists. There is a reason this album had low sales.",2,3,"Mar 25, 2016"
0,"A true bore of an album One Direction continue to be going downhill and once they do break up properly I will be happy though it needs to come very soon.",3,5,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"Amei esse album lacrador, melhor album de 2015. Bem, vale muito a pena ouvir e comprar, pois tem composies timas, sonoridade boa, hits e tudo :)",3,5,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"This album is just so good I don't even know how to say it properly. Anyone who is rating 0 without even listening to it (just because they're a boy band).. Well, that's your loss. You don't have to be a fan to enjoy this album or at least a few songs! It's just stupid, no one wants your negativity anyway. Back to the album, they really did a great job, if you haven't, take a moment to listen to it, it won't be wasted time!",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Este lbum debe tener mayor reconocimiento que todos sus lbumes, de verdad, personalmente creo que ha madurado demasiado, su estilo musical ha cambiado y sus lricas son hermosas, lbum perfecto.",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"Que album chato, so tantas msicas enjoativas que da at vontade de dormir, sinceramente essa pausa foi a melhor escolha pra essa banda, a nica msica que salva  drag me down",3,5,"Dec 18, 2015"
9,"This album is hard to dislike. It is mix of the songs with different styles. You will find songs that will blow your mind for sure. First time i can't say what's my favorite track, bc there a lot of great songs: lyrics, music, vocals are so good. They are trying something new and i totally like it! They did a really great job. It sounds mature and kinda not mainstream. This album is totally deserve a listen. And probably few times, bc some of the songs growing with every listen. I hope it is not last album from 1D. And i hope people will see more in them than just another boy band. One Direction is doing good music that makes a lot of people happy. They deserve to be recognized because they are talented singers and very professional (+ they are nice and kind people). Well done, boys!",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Made in the A.M. is AMAZING. I think that they've worked really hard on it and I just love it so much!! It is really really good!!! I'm going to miss the boys so much and I hope that they have a great break!",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, some songs do you remember much in the 80s",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Meu Deus, o que foi isso? melhor lbum da carreira. Estou indignado com esse 40 que a NYT deu pra essa bblia do pop teen. Produes timas, letras mais maduras, ritmos diferentes isso torna o MITAM o melhor lbum da 1D.",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"HINRIO, conseguiu superar o FOUR, espero q continuem assim, se superando a cada ano. MELHOR LBUM DA CARREIRA SIM. n sei pq a nyt deu essa nota horrorosa, o lbum est maravilhoso.",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"best album of 2015. Full of amazing songs, it was worth it to wait for MITAM. It deserve to sell more than 4kk and get the #1 at bb200. Temporary fix is amaaazing, Never enough somebody helps meeeeeeeeeeee",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"This album got me really disappointed, even I knew that Zayn Malik's absence will damage the album sonority, I was expecting more. The singles never had been so bad. The vocals , the compositions, everything is sounding stranger to me.",2,4,"Nov 16, 2015"
1,"Made in the AM is overrated, mediocre, and lame. I wish their team wasn't influencing and buying out media outlets to write puff pieces favoring this dreck of an album. Zayn is sorely missed.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"de longe  o melhor lbum da carreira deles, no tem uma msica enjoativa, todas so verdadeiros hinos, s acho que esse lbum deveria ter pelos menos 5 singles, entre eles what a felling. :)",1,2,"Nov 30, 2015"
10,"Album great, mature , incredible lyrics, the melody well executed , it proves the musical evolution of One Direction, in my prefridas are ' Drag Me Down' ,' Perfect ' and ' History' .",1,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album, with incredible lyrics and vocals, they show maturity like never before. I'm so **** proud of them all. Slay the haters, kings.",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"This album is definitely the best by One Direction. Their sound has become more mature and the lyrics more meaningful. People should definitely give this album a shot and shouldn't just discard it because it's by One Direction. They've come a long way since their first album and they can only get better.",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
8,"I'm a casual pop listener and I found this a surprisingly good listen. At first, I did not have high hopes for it because I wasn't a fan of 'Four' and I thought the lead single'Drag Me Down' was edgy but rather boring, while followup 'Perfect' was catchy but a little too generic. But the rest of the songs in the album proved me wrong. The retro-influenced touches here and there gave the whole album an identity and a freshness which I did not find in their previous albums. It's true that the core melodies may still be the same and reminiscent of their previous songs, but here, they were careful to present them in creative, surprising, and fun ways. It's the first pop album I listened to since '1989' which caught my attention from start to finish. It made me smile.",1,2,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"One Direction gives their best effort with this album. It gives the sound typical to One Direction, the same one that's come since their first album. These men should have evolved heavily over these years, and yet their music stays the same. This is typical of an album with heavy outside influence, and it's obvious that their label is trying to appeal to a certain crowd. But One Direction's real fans want to hear their real sound, and unfortunately, even though the album is solid, it seems like we just aren't getting there. The departure of Zayn Malik didn't seem to make a difference either. It would not be surprising if all of these boys broke off from the pop sound when and if they go solo. The album isn't bad at all, but what it needs is growth.
Full Score: 62%
Highlights: If I Could Fly, Olivia, I Want to Write You A Song, AM",1,2,"Nov 28, 2015"
10,"yaaaaaasss kings, serve dem bops, my faves r wat a feeeling, wolves nd temporary sex oops (hii) fix. If i could fly is larry af nd end of the day has that LGBT frendly chorus, slay u gay icons. I pray to god u beat trashstin bieber, he has some bops but with dat attitude he aint gettin my coins. bye",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Made In The A.M. stands strong next to previous releases Four and Midnight Memories, though its not quite as cohesive as the pop masterpiece Take Me Home. Highlights include What A Feeling, Walking In The Wind, Olivia, Drag Me Down, Home and If I Could Fly.  The band all bring their own individual personalities to the mix and, while they always come together beautifully, it will be interesting to see what a two year break from life on the road will do to invigorate their lyrical content and sound as a group.  Theres no doubt that Made in the A.M. is at its strongest when the boys tap into their emotional side. If this is them at their most exhausted and worn out, people better be ready for refreshed and rested 1D. Made In The A.M is significant in how conclusive it isnt. It fully intends to welcome newer (more mature) listeners with a string of tributes to yesteryears greatest hits, while reflecting on the good times shared with dedicated fans who have yet to experience a 1D hiatus. Their lyrics find elegance in their simplicity and prove that One Directions knack for the understated is their greatest musical weapon. One Directions songwriting is their strongest creative trait, and biggest advantage compared to past boy bands, so writing informed by a life actually lived outside of fame should make for an amazing sixth album. Made In The A.M. will tide us over just fine until then. (BreatheHeavy.com)",1,2,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"You should let your prejudice aside and take a chance on this album. The music and the boys matured incredibly, you will be really surprised with the songs. Even if you don't usually like One Direction, give it a listen. Really proud of them!",1,2,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"1d are always making GOOD songs, and giving a f*ck about what people think and charts. they care about their fans and their opinions, that's why the album is good. learn, jb and beliebers. just watch and learn.",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
10,"Their best album yet. It shows how well their sound has developed and matured. The solo distribution is much better than their singles. The track list has a lot of variety",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
10,"This album is miles better than anything they've ever done. The lyric, composition, and vocals are undeniably strong. So impressive. It will make you rethink what kind of band One Direction is. This is great music I can promise you that. I can't say enough how impressed I am. What surprise me is that the songs are clearly not made for the radio or to fit a trend. This is music that makes you feel.",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
9,"This album proves that One Direction has really matured. The lyrics are really deep, especially in one of the tracks called 'A.M.'. The tracks are really catchy it selves.  I would really recommended this album to anyone that loves Pop music with old school tones and rock influences. Recommended tracks: What A Feeling, Olivia, Never Enough, Wolves, History, Temporary Fix, and A.M..",1,2,"Nov 26, 2015"
5,"Eu gosto dessa boyband. Mas depois de quatro lbuns quase iguais,esperava algo de novo. As letras so sempre as mesmas. Por outro lado , batidas e vocais melhoraram bastante.",1,2,"Mar  9, 2016"
10,"Um album que mostra um amadurecimento que veio sendo mostrado desde o 'Four', ao mesmo tempo tendo vrios momentos que lembram o maior album deles em vendas 'Midnight Memories'. Vale muito a pena ouvir sem pr-julgamentos, pois  muito bom.",1,2,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"Adorei , melhor lbum da carreira deles se superaram mesmo com a sada de dos  um integrante . As composies so timas e passam uma mensagem por trs delas , tima evoluo da parte deles .",1,2,"Jan  3, 2016"
10,"Adorei!!! Amo os meninos e esto de parabns por lidar com cada musica sem o Zayn, com certeza adorei! Esse lbum ele em um gostinho a mais, um pop mais com mais experincias, totalmente diferente, sem falar das notas altas de Louis e etc...
Enfim, os meninos evoluram no quesito de voz e personalidade, amadureceram demais! S o Zayn que faz falta ;(",1,2,"Mar  8, 2016"
10,"Made in the a.m. is a much more well constructed album lyrically. It's fun, thoughtful, and I think more personal then their last album four. I think One Direction is highly underrated as a group and a lot of that I believe is because there is a prejudice toward 'Boy Bands' and because of this critics are less inclined to give a honest review of their music. The critics come across antagonizing, condescending, and down right nasty. But I've run through many reviews throughout the Internet from Their Fourth album 'Four' which was favorably reviewed and their current album which has been well received from critics (albeit in the form of a bank handed compliment while giving the album three- four stars). So I don't know what the deal is but I think it boils down to taste in music, disdain for their young fan base (despite the fact they have a large adult fan base as well) and lack of integrity. So I'm here to say take a listen to all of their albums starting with Midnight Memories, Four, and their current 'hit' album Made in the a.m. Don't read into any of the reviews or take them too seriously including the good reviews, because ultimately it boils down to what feels good to you, and what moves you. This band is never going to be given an honest review or a fair review because many of the reviews come from people who are anti-pop, who get off on inciting a negative reaction to their younger fan base just to bring traffic to their gossip site.
Made in the a.m. is a throw back to the 80's a era they seem to be drawn to which is perfect for me because I grew up on 80's music, and to me it's still the best era for music which is why so many artist today are sampling are attempting to duplicate that era's sound. I like the breezy laid back feel of this album, and apparently so do others who have never listened to their music, don't know who they are, but have somehow found their way to this album because of the on-line hoopla created by the gossip sites pitting their album against Justin Bieber's albums. I've heard Justin's album and personally it wasn't my cup of tea, but it's been given the same reviews as One Directions, so again it all boils down to what kind of music you're drawn to. My favorite songs on Made in the a.m. are Perfect, Drag me Down, long way down, Olivia, walking in the wind, a.m. What a feeling, Love you goodbye, If I could fly, temporary fix, and History. Why these songs, because they all remind me of the music I grew up. Sue me, I'm a sucker for Nostalgia also, their voices sound amazing on this album. Vocally they all sound great individually and in harmony.",4,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Thought provoking for fans - it is a cyptic maze of lyrics which will have people wondering how much is factual from experience or just creative liberty.  Stand outs are Drag Me Down - If I could fly and Love you Goodbye for me.  Easy album to listen too - alot of genres used in the production.",4,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Es hora de que One Direction empiece a cambiar sus formulas, necesitan nuevo estilo y nuevos sonidos. Todas las canciones suenan a lo que han venido haciendo desde que salieron de TXF UK. Honestamente no s como sus fans no se cansan de escuchar ms de lo mismo durante todo estos aos. Montono.",7,16,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"AMAZING ! I'm not even a fan, I streamed the album on spotify out of curiosity, and this was seriously the best decision I've made in a while, immediately bought it. Forget for a moment that it's One Direction and you'll really like it, stop underestimating these amazing artists, I just realized how underrated they are ! Olivia and End of the day are my jams !",3,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Such an amazing album, by far the best they've ever released. Every single song is so beautifully written and you can tell that they are extremely proud of it. This album was put out because they genuinely want to make music and want their fans to be proud, not just for the money or to get high up on the charts. It's impossible to dislike this album. The music is beautiful and their voices are perfect, perfect album to put out before their break. They completely disregard the view of a stereotypical boyband.",3,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"The album was such a disappointment, i expected something big from One Direction, hoped for something similar to Midnight Memories, but sadly the whole album was a snoozefest.",3,7,"Jan 27, 2016"
3,"Made in the A.M. is like a FOUR Remix album. They never change their style nor their songs themes. Go dislike this review if you want to, but One Direction never ever impress me. The only good songs are Hey Angel, If I Could Fly and Never Enough.",6,15,"Nov 15, 2015"
4,"How monotonous you can be? Vol. 5 with One Direction.
Don't they think about trying something new? Like, new sounds and style?
Don't you get tired of listening all the same songs!!?!?!
Lame-.",6,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"El mejor album del ao, creo que 1d mostro nuevos estilos masmaduros, mejores letras, es un album perfecto,y la mejores canciones, love you, goodbye, if i could fly, son perfectas dios.",2,5,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"lixo lixooooo lixooooooooooooooooooooooo lixooooooooooooooooo meu deus q lixo aposto q quando o lixeiro passa esse album de merda se esconde pra no ser pego",2,5,"Feb  7, 2016"
0,"Um CD reciclado, mal feito, de 17 canes, apenas What a Feeling consegue dar algum tipo de agrado. One Direction est na estrada h 5 anos e apenas no lbum ''Midnight Memories'' tiveram ousadia em mudar o som. Desde ento, reciclagem a sonoridade e permanecem com letras bobas e infantis, to quanto seus fs, que esto fazendo mutiro pra dar nota 0 pra o Justin e 10 pra esse saco de lixo chamado ''Made In the A.M.''.",6,16,"Nov 17, 2015"
0,"All the songs by One Direction are the same thing. I don't see nothing of different in this album. They can never do something different. Nothing impressive here, I wait that one day 1D can do something different of the rest",4,11,"Nov 17, 2015"
0,"Ugly just ugly. I'll be back when they come back as solo artists, the only one who can make a solo great career is Harry. Still cant believe how Simon Cowell said yes to Louis: he really has zero voice",5,15,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"They literally sound the same with every album. No versatility whatsoever. Very generic and is complete trash. If you haven't listened to it, don't. It's a waste of time.",5,15,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO melhor album da carreira, conseguiu empatar com o Midnight Memories, espero que continuem assim",3,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira simmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. No tem uma musica enjoativa!!!!!!!!
Hinrio!!!!!!1!!!!!!!",1,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This album is very different from the boys I'm not even a fan of them but theres no denying this album isn't incredible. It's aimed toward older audiences and it's working they do not sound like bubblegum pop they sound more mature considering the fact the influences came from the beatles maroon5 Frank Ocean and others. I promise you that it's amazing coming from a 33 year old",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"JB fans putting Bad reviews here, So laughable, Me encant, realmente inspirador, Am cada cancin, Este album es realmente maduro y muy bien hecho, La construccion tanto musical como vocal no deja espacio para malas criticas, ellos merecen un descanso, y con este album prueban no solo su versatilidad de genero a genero si no su manera tan unica de guiar cada canciny divertirse con el producto final, Well done 1D",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"Lo mejor lo mejor lo mejor! Las que ponen que no les gusta son  beliebers que no aceptan que 4 grandiosos chicos han realizado un mejor trabajo que Bieber. Maduren , por favor. No vengan a molestar y a sabotear esto.",1,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Sin duda ahora uno de mis discos favoritos, el ritmo es bueno y un poco mas maduro, las canciones y el significado me gustan mucho. Es absolutamente brillante.",1,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"I like this album so much, it doesn't sound repetitive and boring like Justin's new album, I really like it, and i will buy it, good job One Direction (:",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
0,"MITAM only has boring music and no different from the other albums of this band's vocals are horrible zayn fouls make music better and give my respect",6,23,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"It's funny all of these groupies are putting a 10 even if they have heard 2 songs of the album. Enjoy your boys band, and your bad taste in music though.",7,27,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"Boys band... What can be good in a mainstream boys band made for girls except in certain facts individual talent ? Nothing. Just commercial songs and album.",7,31,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"I really don't wanna compare, but Purpose is so much better :/ Made in the AM is just other album from One Direction, nothing different :/ I'm sad about this album, really sad",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"Bordered between a 7 and a 8 for me. Having picked up the Deluxe edition, out of the 17 songs, I truly enjoyed 13 of them, varying from good to amazing songs. The album provides some good mix between up tempo and ballad, although the subject matter is normally the same, very few artists stray away from this formula to begin with. Between What a Feeling, Love you Goodbye, Infinity and End of the Day, they've got many hits. Very good album, if it ends up being the final one.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2015"
7,"Dont expect anything groundbreaking or new but as far as commercial music goes this is actually pretty enjoyable. Plenty of tracks that could stand as strong singles on their own, although at times it does get a bit too cheesy.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2015"
8,"Midnight Memories and Four were audio proof that the band was transitioning their music genre. Made in The AM finally pulls this transition off well. What A Feeling, End Of The Day and Wolves - genius.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
9,"Nice to see that all of the boys took part in the writing process. Particular special mention to If I Could Fly. Good vocals. Interesting to see the solo work from them.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2016"
8,"This is my first One Direction album. It was stunning. I never imagined such an album form these boys. Anyway, the boys rock! 'If I Could Fly' and 'I Want to Write You a Song' are literally the best songs.
Favourite tracks - I Want to Write You a Song, If I Could Fly, Hey Angel, History, End of the Day, Olivia, A.M., Walking in the Wind.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
4,"[ENGLISH ] This album is the same than the others One Direction's albums. I liked the pasts albums a little, but this album, without the Zayn Malik's voice is so bad. One Direction needs to improve their music.
[ESPAOL] Este lbum es el mismo que los dems lbumes de One Direction. Me han gustado los lbumes pasados un poco, pero este lbum, sin la voz de Zayn Malik es muy malo. One Direction debe mejorar su msica.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
10,"I'm a 21 year old guy who has never actually clicked with JB's tunes in the past AT ALL, and to be honest, this album is really, really great. The production includes electro, trap and synth beats, and this album contains some great features like Nas, Travis Scott, Big Sean and Skrillex. Lyrically, it is decent, and his voice really goes well on the production. Overall, for those who dislike JB, this album does have some bangers and some good tracks, so check it out.",24,38,"Nov 13, 2015"
7,"Justin Bieber is back and the world is freaking out. Should it be, though?
The new album, 'Purpose', preceded by its excellent lead single 'What Do You Mean?', does, indeed, work. Enlisting the help of big names in hip/hop-dance-new wave, the Biebs' new sound suits him very well. He is vulnerable (see 'I'll Show You), vengeful (Ed Sheeran-penned-'Love Yourself'), apologetically honest ('Sorry'), and grateful ('Life is Worth Living'/'Purpose'). Unfortunetaly, tracks like 'Children' and 'No Pressure' sound very generic and don't really work.
All in all, the sound works, the vocals are excellent, and the confidence shines. All of those elements answer the question: YES, 'Purpose' is, indeed, worth the hype.",3,3,"Nov 23, 2015"
8,"After being a joke for so long, Bieber did something right with his music and released a really freaking good and chill album. It was such a surprise to hear this album and actually really dig it.",3,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
5,"Not a very big JB fan but this album was average. Sorry and Love Yourself are some good songs but the album overall did not satisfy me. Believe was much better. Maybe he should have had more relevant features?
Probably a collab with Selena which got leaked? That song was good. Or another collab with Nicki Minaj, maybe Beauty and a Beat 2.0
I think he should just stick with normal pop music.",3,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
5,"Ambitious and with a clear turn to a more adult musical road, 'Purpose' is certainly Justin Bieber's best album today but it lacks the catchiness that a pop album should have and many of the songs are extremely forgettable.",2,2,"Nov 18, 2015"
9,"El lbum en general es muy bueno, las canciones que no son tan buenas las compensa con las que soy muy buenas, muy buenas letras.
Solo esperaba un lbum mas movido teniendo coml referencia los singles.",2,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"The production and vocals on this album are some of the best pop music has produced this year. While there are definitely some pretty weak tracks on the album (eg. No Pressure, Children, Mark My Words), it also includes some of the best of Bieber's whole career. His breathy vocals mark a serious development in his career as more of an r&b artist to a pop singer, much in the vein of Justin Timberlake, however at some points in the album you get the sense that he is trying to show off his range when it isn't necessary and can hinder the songs.",2,2,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum dele: bem feito, timas composies, vocais no ponto e acima de tudo uma submisso ao modo teen de fazer musica. Mostrou que sabe fazer mais do que polemicas e refres do tipo 'baby, baby. oh like baby'. Parabns ao menino Justin, exceto a monstruosa 'mark my words', cumpriu totalmente a promessa de um lbum de qualidade.",2,2,"Nov 16, 2015"
5,"Justin Bieber hitting rock bottom was something that has been predicted for a teen star who got exposed to great fame at an early age and could not keep up with the hype and thr hate. What was unpredictable was justin coming back with an album worth listening unlike his previous projects delivering a new sound without losing its pop appeal . Justin managed to almost erase his past persona without leaving his stellar fanbase hungry.",2,2,"Jan 16, 2016"
7,"A very strong album for Justin Bieber. By far his best one. I did not enjoy his music before this but I think this album has some very great pop tunes. He definitely put together boy band or teen music before this and this is his first album which actualyl sounded produced by Usher. It is a strong pop album. Worth giving it one listen at least.",1,1,"Jan  8, 2016"
6,"Favourite Songs: Sorry, Where Are  Now, What Do You Mean?
Least Favourite Songs: No Pressure (feat. Big Sean), Children, Purpose, Love Yourself
I never thought I would listen to a whole Justin Bieber album but he seems to be getting more respected so even though the albums cover art is a pretentious bag of bollocks I felt like I should give the actual music a chance. Plus, I had enjoyed a few of the singles that had dropped prior to the album release so I wanted to see if he had anything else to offer me. So did he? Well the short answer is no. So first off, his voice is still whiney as **** and it really grinds down on me over the length of the album. You don't even have to get past track 1 before you hear some high-pitched oo-oo's. It's not even just his voice that annoys me it's the stupid swag present in his delivery- most notably on 'Where Are  Now' when he says the title of the song but puts an emphasis on each word. I don't really want to go into the lyrics, they haven't really changed much in any way, but I do want to talk about the production on this thing because it is very inviting. There's a lot of solid electronic beats on here and some very catchy beats as well but as a whole it's just too laid back. It becomes very boring and one dimensional extremely quickly. The features are **** and they were predictably **** (Big Sean, Halsey and Travis Scott who I actually like but one of the biggest reasons for me loving his music is the production he picks and his hooks but all he did on here was a verse which is literally the worst thing you could get him to do.) The singles off the album have catchy beats and choruses but overall it's just a really plain album.
Better Than Previous Project?: Definitely
Try This If You Like: Skrillex and Diplo present Jack",1,1,"Nov 22, 2015"
6,"Purpose , provavelmente, um dos piores lbuns que eu j ouvi. Mediano ao extremo. Existe apenas trs msicas boas nesse lbum, o resto... excluo sem pena. Justin Bieber tem talento, mas o pop genrico dele no me agrada.
Pontos Altos: Sorry, Love Yourself, Company
Pontos Baixos: O resto",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
0,"I mean, the album is good overall, but we can't deny that 80% of the songs have the same rhythm, I'm not a fan of ballads but the ones on the album are the best part, anyway, it doesn't cease being a basic record.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2016"
10,"Aaaah, que lbum maravilhoso, pessoal, profundo, eu amei as msicas dele, que orgulho do Justin amadurecendo tando depois de tantas coisas na vida, s precisa melhorar em outras agora!",7,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Fresh album ! Amazing productions, smooth voice everything is here to make a good album... Purpose is a very good album if you enjoy different genres of music and if you like GOOD music",7,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Very good album but... all of these 'One Direction' haters putting bad reviews are pathetic... Metacritic moderators please do something before user reviews looks like a half of haters just trying to put down the user score down !",9,11,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"The best work from him. Fav songs: Sorry, Company, The Feeling and Children. Hit the Ground is f*ck good. The best of deluxe version. Poor songs: Been You, Purpose and Life Is Worth Living.",8,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"the best 2015 album, it worked great and it has been increasing over time! justin deserves all the recognition that an artist must have, their songs are written by own. congrats",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"HORRIBLE album..all songs sound the same..repetitive beats and justin's 1 octave vocals really dull and unimpressive. Justin can't sing let alone make music. The 1 point is for Skrillex and Diplo",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"this album is wonderful, justin voice to this even better and this album quite different from the others he grew up and his music is maturing congratulations justin!",6,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Msica comercial muy mal hecha, cabe aclarar que hay que msica comercial muy bien hecha y que es muy buena pero este no es el caso. Como siempre con este artista lricas muy pobres y simples, y ni se diga de la msica, es muy bsica. La produccin es muy buena, y es lo nico que se salva de este disco. es sorprendente como es que este disco tuvo tanto es xito, la verdad da vergenza.",3,4,"Mar 24, 2016"
10,"This album is phenomenal. Thank you Justin for bringing us great music once again.  I always enjoy your music, your songs are always memorable and music that I want to hear over and over again.
Can't wait to see you in concert!!!",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
9,"I think it was worth the wait. If you can't see JB's talent even in this work then i can do nothing for you. A consistent album with soul and love with catchy songs, but also rap/rnb songs like No Sense with the magnificent Travis Scott or Trust and others... We can clearly see that the eclecticism of Justin and is passion for music has never been that strong, and it's only the beginning...",5,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Wonderful vocals, perfect production thanks to producers Skrillex(!!!), MdL and long-time collaborator Poo Bear just to name a few. R&B and EDM influences are here in full effect. Musically, this is Justins best album yet. I hear a lot of 90's, early 2000's R&B in this album.
Justin has proved himself worthy of a true artist (for me, that was 2013's Journals album, but I think a lot more people will be impressed by Purpose and he will earn the respect he deserves.) It's time for Justin Bieber to stop being a punchline to a joke in peoples eyes and to take him seriously as a musician. He has shown his perseverance in song writing and also turning his life around for the better. There are the typical JB love songs but a lot more inspiring songs this time around. I'm proud of Justin and how hes changed for the better. I think a lot of the negative comments about the album are instant reactions...give it time! people will see how wonderful this album. Bieber is the new-school MJ. That might sound crazy but think about it.",5,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Forced and pretentious, this is not Justin Bieber music. He has at least 5 writers on each song, and that doesn't justify the tragic, clich lyrics. Love Yourself needs too much the person who wrote it, Ed Sheeran, and Justin just won't fill that expectation. An album with too many tracks to be cohesive that tries to appeal to a more general public.",2,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"he changed and for better, i unlike his previous albums but this is very good. im giving it a 7 because most songs sound like the same r&b songs but still so catchy. my favs are we are and life is worth living. x",2,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"I had to force myself to listen to this record. Thats just how boring it was. To be honest I thought this guy was done for in the music business but he came back with Purpose.
To start of the record he starts by waling out a melody through nahs and duns. Then a mellow trap-like beat plays accompanies him while he sings meaningless and generic lyrics about living a lie called Mark My Words.
The third song on the record, titled What Do You Mean was a big hit before he released this. I honestly dont mind this one song besides the piano and the clocks. It just doesnt fit the song at all. The lyrics are crap but what do you expect from JB?
A few more boring song later No Pressure comes up which features rapper Big Sean. The lyrics in this song seem to have the same theme as What Do You Mean (running out of time, making up your mind). Then Big Sean comes in with his monotone voice. I thought it was interesting that he mentioned Yoko Ono in the song.
A few other electronically processed and computer generated lyrics later comes Where Are  Now which features Skrillex and Diplo. The verse sounds Skrillex-like with JBs filtered voice. Then the beat drops in normal Skrillex fashion and its actually not bad. The melody is pretty good and everything but of course Skrillex made this song and Justin Beiber didnt. I thought the horn could get kind of anyoing sometimes during my second listen of this song.
The next song is an EDM-like song titled Children and hes talking about making a different. When the beat drops I actually had a smile on my face because it wasnt bad a all.
Lastly, the final song Purpose starts off with a sad piano vibe. Then he starts singing some more generic lyrics. After listening to this record and almost falling asleep (twice) besides the few tolerable tracks on album I think it was just boring and unoriginal.",7,11,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"His voice is on point in this album, sounds really beautiful, it's so good.
The lyrics are romantics and some are really inspirational, and the best for him is that he co-write every music in this album
The mixes are so good, all on point. The album is really good. 'Mark My Words' sounds so **** good with his vocals. 'Sorry' is so good to dance in a nightclub and with 'children' you can not only dance but learn with the lyrics. He is definitely a new Bieber.",6,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum junto com o Journals, com Skrillex na produo, tinha quer ser essa maravilha que estamos vendo, com 2 hits, sendo que 1 deles atingiu o topo da Billboard.
Love Sorry, The Felling, Company I'II Show You, Been You e Mark My Words.
Principe do Pop!",3,5,"Nov 17, 2015"
6,"Jams escuch el disco con la intencin de dar criticas negativas pero fue un poco decepcionante, esperaba ms de Bieber. No es ms que una buena coleccin de singles, es diferente y probablemente me empiece a gustar en un tiempo. Todas las canciones son bastante similares pero sus fans lo van a disfrutar, por ahora es un 6/10 para m.
Mis favoritas:
1 - What Do You Mean?
2 - Sorry
3 - The Feeling (feat. Halsey)
4 - I'll Show You
5 - Children",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This album is such a masterpiece, he worked so hard on it i love his new music! I can't pick a favorite song on it like really! what an impressive job he did.",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Another terrible album, generic music, junk lyrics (not written by JB) and horrible voices, Justin is just a pretty face for the teenage girls, and not a musician as he likes to call him.",3,5,"Nov 28, 2015"
0,"Es un disco maduro pero eso no define el contenido de este disco, necesita mejores sonidos y mejor contexto de las letras. Es uno de los discos malos del 2015, la nica cancin buena que tiene este disco es 'Love Yourself' y las dems no son muy buenas.",4,7,"Nov 16, 2015"
2,"amiga se aposenta em nome de jesus e vai procurar outra coisa pra fazer... ningum quer ouvir sua voz de taquara rachada se doendo por causa da selena gomez nao! alem de ser um album horrvel tenho que ouvir as batidas sem graas genericadas pelo jack u. melhore, justin bieber, so melhore.",4,7,"Nov 27, 2015"
0,"I was so excited for this album until I heard it. It's a Justin's album or Skrillex? It sucks! The only good song there, is Sorry and just because it's catchy and that's it. He's trying way to hard.",3,6,"Nov 23, 2015"
2,"To me this proves that Justin is improving from his earlier albums but it still isn't good enough he should be producing brilliant albums but instead he bores me to tears and I put something else on.",2,4,"Jan 24, 2016"
0,"The worst album released this decade. Full of fillers & **** music with **** lyrics and **** beats highlight this **** album. Save your money and go buy Revival by Selena Gomez instead!",2,4,"Jan 28, 2016"
0,"Bad album that isn't made out of passion. It's made so he can get more tattoos, and pay his out standing charges and fees from the bad stuff he committed.",2,4,"Nov 24, 2015"
1,"What a boring **** album uh
Eu realmente achei chatinho e muito repetitivo, nem de longe  um album que gostaria de ouvir e no recomendo pra ngm. Pra uma volta deveria ter sido melhor mas  cansativo.",2,4,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"surely one of the best albums of his career. He showed a lot of improvement and maturity on this album (unlike some who just only try). Bieber deserves all the achievements that have been receiving, he gave a comeback and was superior to those who did not believe him and applaud today. Clearly, prince of pop",1,2,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"I think is a great album with from the begining to the end, he's doing a great transition proving himself like one of the biggest pop strs od tge planet and showing the world that he can make goos music for everyone",1,2,"Dec  3, 2015"
0,"HORRVEL. UM LBUM SEM QUALIDADE REPLETO DE FAROFAS RUINS. TODAS AS MUSICAS PARECEM A MESMA. VOZ IRRITANTE. PIOR LBUM DE 2015. S AS BELIEBERS PRA GOSTAREM DESSE LIXO SONORO. OUVIR ISSO DEVERIA SER CONSIDERADO CRIME NO GASTEM SEU DINHEIRO COM ESSA PORCARIA",1,2,"Feb 10, 2016"
0,"it's so bad, it sounds repetitive, I didnt enjoy it while I was listening to it,  I expected more for this album, this album sucks. I'm so dissapointed,",5,11,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"That evolution album! Great candidate to grammy!
Seriously, it is AWESOME!  There is no bad music, ALL EXCELLENT! MY CONGRATULATIONS JB, WIN OVER A FAN!",6,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Nice album, it has several sound, with dance-pop, electronic, very innovate, i like it. Besides, it has music with beautiful lyrics. I think could be better, but is good.",2,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"All the songs are so similar ... Some of them are cute but, I don't know there's no point in making an album if you're going to use the same sound in half of it? I gave 1 just because I think 'life is worth living' is a good song, the rest of them are just boring.",5,13,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"well, I will tell you the truth: this is the worst album of 2015. Don't buy it, it is not worth it. Reflection and Revival are better than this album. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeew",3,8,"Nov 16, 2015"
0,"Basic ass album. No uniqueness at all. No flow and it just is a radio made album. His worst album  honestly. The best song on here is Sorry' but the others are corny and poorly sang",3,8,"Nov 20, 2015"
0,"Reasonable material, boring voice as always, annoying middle -sounding however sounds cool at times , strong compositions , and the contradiction sounds strong this album when 'Love yourself' says not wanting to his old love , and 'sorry' says he wants Selena right back , reasonable material. kinda cool to",6,18,"Jan 20, 2016"
6,"I actually listened to this album hoping it would be really good because I liked Sorry, What Do You Mean?, Love Yourself and I'll Show You which were all released prior to the album. However, I was disappointed to find that most of all the other tracks were a little 'meh' - some of them I liked like Purpose, Children and some others but most of them all sounded too similar to each other and you can sometimes not even here is voice due to the music being too loud over him. A disappointing album but it has some good songs on it.",3,9,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"All the songs are the same. Same beat same style same everything
I would like to hear different sounds and different vocals for certain songs but there's none so to me I would rate 4 out of 10",3,9,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"Dei ZERO pq me deu vontade :)  Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem?",2,6,"Nov 26, 2015"
0,"electronically processed and computer generated lyrics. ''Children'' save this album a little, but it isn't enough. Dissapointed on how much the people consider the diverse ways of electronic like music, don't matter how much you say it, it is not. The electronic is a bubblegum,  and the biggest example is ''sorry''. that song sound like ''how deep is your love'' by calvin harris so much, a little mainstream lyrics, electronic beat and caribbean, ew.  Love yourself is not bat at all, but like children, is not enough.  The singles excited me about this album, i was expecting more.",2,6,"Nov 21, 2015"
8,"This is Bieber's first album as a legitimate artist. With major assists from Poo Bear and, especially, Skrillex, he's given us a solidly above average album. Half of the album is nearly flawless, yet the other half is mediocre. Purpose is the first Bieber album I've listened to all the way through and the only one I've enjoyed at all. I'm definitely looking forward to his next project to see if he takes another step forward and, hopefully, tightens up his artistic identity even further. ~ 7.7/10
~ with deluxe and Walmart edition tracks: 6.6/10
Best track: 'Love Yourself'
Other notable tracks: 'I'll Show You', 'What Do You Mean?', 'Sorry', 'Company' & 'We Are'",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year, has a ritm and melody too much different to the others albums, was amazing i love it, and his voice is sexy, the letters are so beautiful and mlancolic",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
7,"Mark My Words is the only song here that has actual innovation or inventiveness. The rest of the album is by-the-numbers, although Justin does give songs like Love Yourself or Purpose soul that most of this generation's pop music severely lacks. The production, if nothing new, is nice to the ears too.",1,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
0,"ESSE FOI O LBUM MAIS HORRIPILANTE E SEM CONTEDO QUE EU J VI EM TODA MINHA VIDA! VOC ESTRAGROU MEUS OUVIDOS E O DA MINHA CACHORRA SEU IMUNDO PSICOPATA NOJENTO",1,3,"Mar 26, 2016"
0,"is always the same with this new generation, all that occurred, are not very many songs with good lyrics, but has a silver lining in all this is that for fans",4,13,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"This is a bubble gum teen album. This is a Reflection 2.0 just made to hit and he forgot the quality. He is so focus to get the #1 thet forgot to do a good album. Forget Selena, she's movin' on and is happy now. HER ALBUM IS BETTER THAN YOU",6,20,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"the album also takes itself so seriously that too often it inadvertently suppresses exactly what made Bieber so appealing in the first place. nnnnnnnn",3,10,"Nov 16, 2015"
1,"Really bad. Algunas suenan bien pero esto no me gusto, tal vez solo es que nunca me agrado su actitud y ahora estoy aqu comentando algo que realmente me tiene sin cuidado.",2,7,"Nov 14, 2015"
2,"Bem chatinho, gostei de algumas msicas mas me lembra muito o Journals, pra mim,  um journals 2.0, mas tirando isso achei bom, as melhores msicas so Purpouse e I ill show you, as outras so meio farofinha sabe?",5,18,"Nov 13, 2015"
6,"O lbum est bom, mas falta algo a mais, falta aquele 'WOW', temos vrias msicas boas mas tambm vrias msicas chatas, ele tem que voltar com a mesma essncia da era Believe ou melhor ainda pra conseguir se superar e garantir minha nota 10.",2,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This is the best album from Bieber. More personal, great lyrics, great sounds, good vocals. He changed and for better. My favorites songs on Purpose are 'I'll Show You',  'No Pressure feat. Big Sean', 'No Sense feat. Travis Scott', 'The Feeling feat. Halsey', 'Company' and 'Love Yourself'.",1,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Album muito farofa, usam batidas pra tentar atrair pessoas que gostem do album, mas o album em si n e bom, poderia ter feito muito melhor.1d fez o album muito melhor, com otimas letras e n lotou de auto tune q nem o JB",2,9,"Jan  1, 2016"
0,"ew, this is a horrible album. we cannot call this as a album because this is a trash. Selena and Demi are better than jb. He's thinking about being the king of the pop, but he is a trash of the pop",3,14,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Purpose tem o som muito parecido com os albums anteriores a esse, ficou repetido e ele precisa inovar. No parece que ele levou trs anos escrevendo este album, e as msicas com a produo do skrillex devido ao seu toque acabam ocultando muito a voz dele.",3,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"I did not enjoy this album. Hate to say his songs mostly sounded the same, but they did. I was expecting so much more from Bieber, I honestly think he might've been better in his My World/My World 2.0 era. The songs are too electronic for me and the hype for this album was way too much. The whole 'comeback' story his PR made was extremely smart, considering he never actually went away, but everyone loves the comeback kid. Of course Bieber's voice is incredible though, it always has been. Giving him a 3 rating only because his vocals are insane.",3,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"La verdad, es un album muy basico, su muica sin calidad, la verad no me gusto para nada, y el album de 1D se merece muchisimo mas, esa es mi opinion vale.",1,5,"Nov 15, 2015"
0,"bombaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",2,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Eu peguei raiva desse lbum, confesso. Mais raiva do Justin ainda. Ele vende uma imagem do lbum TOTALMENTE diferente do que ela , divulga mais que tudo, para no final... Ser isso que eu ouvi! Por What Do You Mean?, Sorry e at mesmo Love Yourself, eu imaginei que foi uma inovao do Bieber. Eu achei que ele iria largar o estilo chato de Journals e iria dar uma repaginada, que iria voltar a fazer a msica boa de antes. Porm, infelizmente, isso tudo foi s imagem. Ele liberou (tirando I'll Show You) as melhores do lbum para, no resto, ser um Journals 2.0. Uma decepo, sinceramente.",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"No me ha encantado, lo nico favorable han sido sus singles, no creo que haya una madurez, ni un graaan cambio. lo siento, no me gusto para nada, tanto tiempo de descanso fue un desperdicio.",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"This was my first Bieber album listened carefully and I'm really disappointed. Most songs are flat, monotonous and just boring. However,  'Sorry', 'What Do You Mean' and 'Company' (which I hope will be released as next single) are quite catchy and they improved my final score for this album. No, it's not too late to say sorry for not living up to my expectations with this album, Mr. Bieber.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"what a amazing comeback of JB , this album is a truely platinum and it was his best albm ever
me BTW  a belieber you can follow me on twitter @aachirag31 i always follow back",0,1,"Feb 13, 2016"
7,"The album is good, though not great, is very common than he already did, and I think it should have modified, like the album, but not extremely good, so my score is 7",0,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"A sonoridade de Purpose merece grande destaque, suas batidas so  bem envolventes e suas composies so slidas, mostrando de fato um trabalho com um foco bem desenvolvido.",0,1,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"This album is really good, it's one of the bests albuns by Bieber I'm really impressed, most of the musics are awesome, I loveeeeeed this album. Bieber stays that way",0,1,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"Amazing Album. Excellent Lyricism. INCREDIBLE Vocals. I have always listened and will forever listen to his music. This kid never fails to disappoint me!",0,1,"Nov 22, 2015"
7,"Justin Bieber went from 0 to 100 real quick. His reinvention in his new music sounds good and showed maturity for a bigger audience. However, the album contains fillers. On a positive note, it sure will make a lot of hits. 'Sorry' and 'Love Yourself' are the best in the album.",0,2,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"Purpose is a great album, i really enjoy listening songs like Sorry or Children,  make me wanna dance everytime.... and there something of R&B vibes in Trust, All in it or No pressure... The whole album is good, i really enjoy it from the begining to the end",0,1,"Dec  3, 2015"
10,"Esse album com certeza foi um dos melhores de 2015, Justin est de parabns! Surpreendeu bastante, com msicas tanto calmas quando com uma pegada eletronica, est demais!",0,1,"Dec 18, 2015"
10,"Justin Bieber made a huge comeback with a strong lead single and heavy promotion for his first single and his upcoming album, it worked and 'What Do You Mean' became a smash single, because of the promotion and because the song was good, Good for a comeback single? No, But Good for a lead single? Yes. He released 'Sorry' as the second single which was so good and proved that Justin has completely changed directions with his album and made the world excited for whats next. The album was released and it was so good and very different from his past albums. It was more mature, very strong and good content and definitely good featuring artists, of course we were disappointed that there wasn't a Drake collar but with Big Sean, Halsey and Travis Scott, i can say that Justin did a great job.",0,1,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"Mature and wonderful album. Justin shone in what is proposed to do, and from now on will only come good songs. I'm so proud. TE AMO JUBINHO, MAS NO SEI INGLS..",0,1,"Mar  9, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing and shows a great departure from Justin's old tunes which weren't bad either. He has been best at what he does and he still continues to do that. Funny how hypocritical fans of 1D gave his album a negative review without even listening to the songs.",0,1,"Mar 18, 2016"
8,"Its a good album. I'm a 21 year old guy who has never actually clicked with JB's tunes in the past AT ALL, and to be honest, this album is really, really great. The production includes electro, trap and synth beats, and this album contains some great features like Nas, Travis Scott, Big Sean and Skrillex. Lyrically, it is decent, and his voice really goes well on the production.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2016"
10,"A great album with personal songs. Justin Bieber knows how to make catchy pop ballads and deep slow songs. He's garnered many hits from this album for a reason.",0,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
4,"The singles were actually good, getting better with each release (I'll Show You > Sorry > WDYM). However, from the singles and the sound that they comprised of, i could already tell what he was going for in the album, and could see that it wasn't going to be a good album mix. His entire album is basically Where R U Now Part 2. You can tell, right from the first single, that that was the main inspiration for the album sound, and he stuck with that template for the entire album. Justin, making an album with all the same sound is a recipe for **** albums. Was it possible to make a good album using the Where R U Now template? Definitely (see Madonna: Confessions on the Dancefloor, where every song basically had the same template) but Beiber did a poor job of making an album that sounded cohesive, even when working with tracks that sounded the same. Overall, a zero for album quality/cohesiveness, but I will spare a 4 because a few songs are good.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Com 'Purpose', Bieber direcionou o seu foco ao EDM, estilo que no utiliza desde o ''Believe''. Porm, de maneira mais aproveitada. Diferente do anterior, Purpose  um lbum coeso e contagiante. O samba no One Erection s comeou n amores, j que essa bandinha de garagem re-utiliza a frmula de criar albuns desde 2013. Eu no apoio as fifth harmony de forma alguma...",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
9,"Smart... I'm sure that this is the right word to describe this album. Excellent work, excellent concept. Appropriate sonority, good vocals. The few negative aspects are: Diplo as producer and the lyrics aren't mature enough. Best 2015 album so far.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"I hadn't listened a song of Justin Bieber's before this album, can't lie. I've never been a hater but his music wasn't appealing to me but as a 21 year old male I can say that the growth in his music in this album is incredible. This album is a really well executed pop album and made me appreciate his talent. Most people just blindly hate cause it's Bieber but to be real artist like Chris Brown, Ty$, Trey Songz sometimes do the same music. Take it for what it is and you'll enjoy it.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2015"
4,"I've never been a fan of Justin Bieber, but I figured I'd give this album a listen given all the hype it's been getting. It's actually not as horrible as I was expecting it to be, but it's still pretty disappointing. The good news is that Bieber's voice is very smooth and actually quite nice. He also captures the sound of pop music in 2015 quite well (or at least his producers do), but at times this also makes the music sound pretty generic. Even some of the better songs, like Sorry, get old really quickly because they're full of the same musical ideas that are constantly being played on the radio. Now, the thing that really bugs me about so many of these songs (or perhaps Bieber in general), is the squeaky-clean persona he tries to put forth. His lyrics are often so incredibly cheesy and ridiculous that they can turn a decent song into a cringeworthy nightmare. Case in point, the spoken word outro of the title track. It's the most incoherent, insipid nonsense I've heard in a while, and the fact that he throws religion into it to make himself seem wholesome or whatever makes it even more annoying. I'm not sure why he's so insistent on acting so goody-goody all the time. It's weird, and not convincing at all. Anyway, this album is overall pretty average, and thankfully there are a few good songs that save it from being completely awful. But it's definitely not enough to win me over as a Belieber.
Standout track: I'll Show You",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
7,"Purpose has actually a lot of relatable songs. I was listening to the song 'All In It' and I found myself being confused because the lyrics were so relatable lol. It is a very thoughtful album even if it has a couple of songs that were a bit too simplistic or similar to the other ones. But overall the message on this album is clear and important enough and not only that, but the beats are pretty catchy most of the time and Justin has a really good voice.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
7,"Bieber in my eyes is still a bit corny. But that doesn't mean I can't like him at all. This album is a great leap in maturity and musicality from his younger albums. He still has lots of time to improve, with lyrics and ideas to talk about. I'm exited for projects he will put out later on in his 20's. He has mad potential.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2015"
4,"The singles are freshest part of this album - the strengths of 'What Do You Mean?', 'Sorry' and 'Where Are U Now' are never fully matched on this too long, too boring comeback. When Bieber isn't doing his best to imitate Drake (see 'Company'), he is reliving his failed moments from his 2012 effort Believe (see 'No Pressure'). It is sad when a lifeless force like Halsey (on the soon to be smash 'The Feeling') actually brightens up the record and makes it interesting again. Although there are a few interesting production choices (the odd and somewhat incising 'Children', the Ed Sheeran track 'Love Yourself' which features a bitter trumpet solo), it is sad to say that Bieber chose whiny faux-vulnerable songs over the interesting and mature dance/EDM that made his singles such bangers.
Download: the singles + 'The Feeling' and 'Love Yourself'",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
9,"I venture to say that this album is one of his best albums produced this year and the best of it. Do not like it, but I have to admit that he did a great job, the songs are so tasty hearing, where clearly you can hear his voice without an album full of effects. Justin Congratulations, great job!",0,0,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns do Justin, claro que ainda no passou de Believe mas as msicas, a voz, o jeito de cantar, praticamente tudo est to mudado at mesmo desde o Journals e eu amei isso. O fato de msica eletrnica ser um dos meus gneros favoritos deixou o lbum ainda melhor (para mim ao menos), porque a maioria das msicas tem uma pegada eletrnica.
Adorei o lbum todo! Espero que continue evoluindo.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"Justin is just getting better and better. Purpose is very inspirational where I think people can find themselves on it. the kid is doing a great job. Personally my favorite songs are Children and Love yourself.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album has versatility and clearly shows how much JB has matured as an artist. I honestly believe that he has made a great impact with this album. He is the sound of the future. Very impressive.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"Bieber delivers his best album yet. Purpose displays a new track of music for Justin, one that mirrors his song Where are U Now with Diplo an Skrillex that is also featured on the album. Justin seems to be far more comfortable with this style of music, and it shows through with his stage presence and lyricism. Some of the songs seem t blend into each other, however, and seem to be too similar. The deluxe tracks are the lows of the album, none of them seeming to be anything special. However, Justin proved himself worthy of staying in the music industry, and there is so much more potential waiting for him.
Highlights: What Do You Mean, Love Yourself, Life is Worth Living, Purpose",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
10,"es un muy buen lbum lo recomiendo totalmente, ya deben dejar de lado el odio por justin bieber ha mejora mucho, no se deben quedar solo con la cancin baby abran su mente a su nueva msica les encantara.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"I really enjoyed the first two singles off this album. They reminded me of the late 90's with their really big pop hooks and this throwback theme is such a refreshing change from some of today's music. Listening to the rest of the album, I strongly got the impression that they all have amazing and powerful voices. And when they want to be fun and sassy, they're on point. The ballads, however, don't work for me. They sounded mediocre, and at times, were cringe worthy. These songs make this album a missed opportunity for me. If the songs had the same consistency as the first three tracks then hands down, I would have given this a solid 10 for a pop album.",3,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"You only know how to talk **** of all that is not trend. If the album had such hits today instead of really good songs written and produced all of you have given a note 10. It is their style and will not change, if you do not like it's no use talking.",2,2,"Nov 27, 2015"
3,"Pans out exactly as one would predict. Formulaic in vogue four chord stuff. Fortunately the subject matter never falls into the pit of depravity of many of their pop contemporeries, remaining fairly innocent.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2015"
6,"Being the main UK girlgroup, it's a hard task to achieve pop fans approval, but they make it seem to be so easy. They're getting mature slowly, but healthily.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2015"
0,"With tiresome and outdated songs, Get Weird by Little Mix is one of the worst albums released in 2015. The album does not add anything to the listeners, it is tiring and boring",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
3,"This album is too lovely! All the songs are about love. That was annoying to hear at times. And this one shows that girls didn't grow up, previous albums were definitely better. So, I'm kinda disappointed. Just expected more(((",5,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
5,"More of the same.
Nowadays girl/boybands are so monotonous.
Leave music, u suck at this. Xo
------------------------------------------------------------",4,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
6,"Realmente esperaba ms de este disco, todas las canciones fcilmente pueden entrar en DNA o Salute, suenan a reciclajes. Nada nuevo, siguen haciendo lo mismo sin arriesgarse demasiado. Sin embargo se mantienen originales y el disco tiene un par de canciones buenas, sin dudas las baladas son su fuerte!
Top 5
1 - Secret Love Song, Pt. II
2 - I Love You
3 - A.D.I.D.A.S.
4 - Secret Love Song (feat. Jason Derulo)
5 - Love Me Like You",3,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
8,"This album is a good pop album,but a bit of a letdown. The singles leading up to it were amazing pop singles, yet the rest of the album lacks the Jazz those songs had. The rest of the album is slower and nothing like the singles before. They are still really enjoyable, but just not what I was expecting.",3,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
0,"I just don't get those high reviews from the audience. This album has something that fell short of my expectation........................................................................................................",6,9,"Nov  8, 2015"
2,"This album sounds like the soundtrack for a bad teens movie, truly disapointing after their two previous albums which showed a much more moture side of them",8,13,"Nov  6, 2015"
5,"Exceptional voices unfortunately result in a tired, forgettable sound. Little Mix fail to deliver an album worthy of crowning them the girl band of the decade and reassuring their status.. Instead, they wallow in pop purgatory, experimenting with overused beats and deciding to play it safe. The albums shines in the up-tempo, but a whole chunk of unnecessary ballads leaves the sound and direction confused. Overall, Little Mix's third album lacks edge, might, and character. Some characteristics that their rivals are starting to develop, even in the early stages.",3,5,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Secret Love Song dona do lbum. Ai s to escrevendo pra aumentar o User Score mesmo. RAINAHS DO POP, AMO, PISAM MUITO, MAIOR E MELHOR GIRLBAND DA ATUALIDADE FODEEEEEEE",11,19,"Nov  6, 2015"
1,"I love Little Mix but in all honesty and I want to be realistic here just because I'm a fan it doesn't mean I'm blind or deaf, I was expecting so much more, I mean it's cool it has so many great harmonies, vocals and cool beats where they show their talent which is awesome but it comes to a point where it seems like they are trying so hard, I found some songs really childish and boring without sense, nothing compared with what they did with DNA but I wish the best for them",5,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
0,"Implorando que acabasse, no sei como vcs gostaram sendo que ate a critica n gostou. ai se vemos que vcs n sabem nada de musica. vo ouvir musica de verdade e parar de achar que isso e bom.",8,15,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Primeiramente digo que sou harmonizer, mas devo admitir que Get Weird  um dos melhores lanamentos do ano no mundo pop. A harmonia das vozes, os instrumentais, as letras, tudo se encaixa de uma maneira sensacional.
um lbum colorido, assim como o primeiro da banda, DNA. Mas , ao mesmo tempo, um som moderno e maduro - no to quanto o antecessor, mas , mesmo assim, um trabalho incrvel onde podemos encontrar vrios hinos (Weird People, OMG, Lightning, Love Me Or Leave, entre vrios outros),
Little Mix surpreendeu com este lbum, por mais que a sonoridade dele no seja algo totalmente diferente do que j tenham feito. Mas, repetindo, as melodias, letras, tudo d um resultado estranhamente (entenderam a referncia?)  maravilhoso.
Get Weird  um dos melhores trabalhos de girlgroups dos ltimos anos.
Anne-Leigh, Perry, Jade e Jessy tm tudo para ser uma das melhores girlbands j existentes. Este lbum  a prova disso.
Eu realmente amei este produto. Venham ser estranhos com os novos sons da Little Mix!",3,6,"Nov 11, 2015"
10,"Get Weird is divine. Its structure is exceptional and the merging of genres is unreal. Getting out of comfort zone, Little Mix show that theyre not only able to rule rnb music, but also pop music and latin opera. Giving emphasis to acapella tracks, Their voices exude an angelic air in a perfect harmony. Involved in their art, Little Mix show us that theyre not a product controlled by the media. Get weird is a real massacre and it is consecrated as work of art and one of the best albums produced by a girl band. Thank you for blessing our ears.",3,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"MELHOR ALBUM DELAS, LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME DONA HINO SUPREMO E O ALBUM TODO TEM VOCAIS MARAVILHOSOS, trindade suprema: love me or leave me, secret love song e the end",2,4,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"This album is so fresh, so pop, really their best album yet, their vocals are on point. This is the biggest girlband in the world today. OMG is a really good song, and Secret Love Song is an amazing ballad.",3,7,"Nov  9, 2015"
9,"Get weird  um albm promissor e digno de ateno, no apenas pelas suas batidas cativantes ou melodias vibrantes, mas sim por toda a emoo e diverso que abrange o disco.",2,5,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"Acredito que o Get Weird j se tornou um dos melhores lbums pop lanado e 2015 e provavelmente o melhor lbum feito por um girlgroup atual, as msicas por si s j so uma obra de arte, saindo desse pop genrico que  o que recebe boas criticas e faz sucesso ultimamente, e o Little Mix entra com vozes perfeitas, com uma harmonia sobrenatural, e destacando as msicas acapella do lbum que mostram o quo real so suas vozes,  um grande equivoco que tenham dito que elas no saram de sua zona de conforto, basta observar seus dois lbums anteriores, DNA e Salute, e compra-los a esse, e perceber que essas meninas finalmente encontraram a 'sua' musica, Little Mix j se tornou o melhor girlgroup da atualidade, resta receber o reconhecimento que merece e luta tanto para conseguir.",2,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Claramente o melhor lbum pop do ano e o melhor da Little Mix. Vozes magnificas, secret love song e love me or leave me hinos do get weird biblia do pop",2,5,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOO PISOU NO REFLECTION LIXO
fifth no harmony se encontra chorando na cama depois do lanamento do ano mas no esperava menos das rainhas donas do uk",3,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"IS THIS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENIU LADY GAGA WARNED US ABOUT????? YES IT IS. While hearing it I could only feel sorry for how underrater this girls are, while every other girgroup($$HADE) is more worried about being sexy and catchy and dumb sometimes than just relevant, this girls prove(mainly with the end and the beginnig) that they don't need anything else but their voices to slay pur souls, drag our asses to filth and snatch everyone's weaves. Congrats Little Mix on another great album",4,11,"Nov 11, 2015"
10,"Get Weird sem dvida  o melhor lbum de um girl group lanado na atualidade. Grande parte desse lbum  inspirada nos anos 80 e com isso mais uma vez elas provam sua diversidade e vasta emerso musical, se compar ao seu ltimo lbum 'Salute', sem dvida prova isso! Nesse lbum parece que finalmente Little Mix se mostrou, parece que elas encontraram um som para chamar de 'seu'. Get Weird  um lbum completamente cheio de personalidade, com letras significativas e com uma vibe incrvel. E esse no  apenas mais um lbum no mercado, esse lbum  o comeo de uma nova era para elas e uma nova viso musical vinda de um grupo de garotas que so; sim, super estimados no mercado atual da msica e elas no pegaram o que est acontecendo no pop 'atual', que sem nenhuma dvida  a personificao da palavra horrvel mas sim, foram atrs de algo 'novo' e que realmente traz aquele gostinho de quero mais. At mesmo em A.D.I.D.A.S com sua letra mais 'atrevida' no beira ao ridculo ou at mesmo o genrico como muitos outros grupos. Algo realmente surpreendente  o fato que; Little Mix se colocou em um grande risco ao adicionar duas msicas acapella, e com suas harmonias completamente apertadas mostraram personalidade. Qualquer pessoa com o mnimo de senso crtico deve ser capaz de dizer que Little Mix  uma fora a ser reconhecida no mercado. Elas sem dvida so, o melhor grupo de garotas, hoje.",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"This album is incredible. It's by far their best album. Each song is different. You have colorful pop songs on one hand and big ballads that really showcase each of the member's vocal ability on the other. One song that stands out the most is 'Secret Love Song Pt.II.' It's a big vocal moment for them and the lyrics itself is a masterpiece. You'd never expect an LGBT anthem from a 'pop girl group.' They really do the song justice. In my opinion, it's the best song on the album. You should also keep an eye out for their acapellas, 'The End' and 'The Beginning.'",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"The greatest pop album of all time has been dropped and it's called Get Weird..
Congrats Little Mix for this amazing masterpiece and thanks for blessing us with it.",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",1,3,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"Best Little Mix album to date.
It's amazing!!!!!
The best POP album of the year!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats to Little Mix for this amazing and briliant album.",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"very mainstream album for an over-hyped so called girl band!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",6,20,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"This album is incredible with some catchy melodies and brilliant vocals. Perfect to dance around to when you've had a bad day. Best songs: Love Me Like You, I Won't, A.D.I.D.A.S., Hair, OMG, Secret Love Song and Black Magic.",4,14,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM I EVER HEARD!! They are the best girl band ever!!! It's really sad see girl groups that don't have any talent having a hit and Little Mix working so hard! But they did it, they did the best album of this year! BEST LITTLE MIX ALBUM! Secret Love Song, I Won't, A.D.I.D.A.S and the rest of the album is perfect!! CONGRATULATIONS LITTLE MIX",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"It's always a pleasure to say that I'm a fan of the Little Mix, just by the fact of them write this wonderful album, without stealing samples from hits. Derulas 5, say Fifth Harmony has never been butchered by hymns as Grown, Secret Love Song feat. Jason Derulo and OMG. They will never have an album as good as 'Get Weird'. Sorry harmonizers, but Fifth Harmony will never be good.
#BuyTINDERELLAOnITunes",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Amazing! Get Weird sem dvida  o melhor lbum de um girl group lanado na atualidade. Grande parte desse lbum  inspirada nos anos 80 e com isso mais uma vez elas provam sua diversidade e vasta emerso musical, se compar ao seu ltimo lbum 'Salute', sem dvida prova isso!",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Maravilhoso CD com influencia vanguardista.
inevitvel dizer que as Little Mix sofreram uma grande emerso musical, desde seu ultimo album 'Salute', sem perder nada da sua essncia, fixando agora com um som mais 'seu' que nunca e no apenas pulando de galhos em galhos como outros Girlgroups sem nenhum tipo de personalidade artstica, que recicla tudo que h na media que faa sucesso e coloca dentro de seus albuns para alcanar hype.
Little Mix  apenas a maior Girlgrup que surgiu desde as Spices, mas tbm a unica com o talento igualvel   e to memorvel.
Esse album  a prova que essas garotas tem muito o que nos mostrar",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Best Little Mix album to date. The girl group have stated that they wanted to make an album where every track could be a single, an album with NO fillers, and to be honest, i think they have been extremely successful. MY favorite songs from the album are 'Love Me or Leave Me', 'Secret Love Song, PT II' , 'I Wont' and EVERY SINGLE OTHER SONG.",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"pop perfection. may not overcome the salute, but it is noteworthy that this is an evolution, productions such as Hair and Weird People, for example. A.D.I.D.A.S. was a disappointment to me, especially the buzz that made her, the version of Secret Love Song with Jason is not bad, but the Pt II is much more exciting",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
9,"Best songs: Hair, Love Me Like You e Lightning. em sonoridade  o melhor delas, mais Pop, que amo, Melhor GirlBand of The World e elas vem evoluindo sempre.",1,4,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"MELHOR LBUM DO ANO, ESSES CRTICOS TEM BOSTA NA CABEA PORQUE ESSE LBUM  MARAVILHOSO HINRIO PISA MAIS LITTLE MIX, SEGURA A MARIMBA AI MONAMU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! J QUERO 1KK NO LBUM DO ANO, BIGGEST GIRLBAND IN THE WORLD N AMORES! AH JA QUERO SECRET LOVE SONG, LIGHTNING OU GROWN COMO SINGLE, SE VIRA @LITTLEMIX @SYCO, EU QUERO OS HINOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS OS ACAPELLAS J MOSTRAM QUE O QUE ELAS CANTAM EM ESTDIO EM AO VIVO ELAS CONSEGUEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PISA MAIS LITTLE MIX, PISA MAIS RAINHAS, JA KERO UM 90 DA BILLBOARD E 90 DA ROLLING STONE, SE VIRA @CRITICOSDARS @CRITICOSDABB EU QUERO UM +80 NO HINRIO TEEN",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"HINARIO, ALBUM REPLETO DE HINOOOS
LITTLE MIX NO DECEPCIONA, QUEM DECEPCIONA SO ESSES CRITICOS NOJENTOS QUE NO DERAM 90 PARA O NOVO TESTAMENTO
VOU CHAMA MEUS ADVOGADOS DA ALEMANHA KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"Mais um hinriooooooooooooooooo pras rainhaaaas, ameeeeeei, j vou comprar e ajudar nas vendaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas, segura a marimba ai monamu, QUERO 70 NO CRITIC **** PRAS DEUSAS",1,4,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"A crtica d uma nota boa para o lixo do Reflection e uma nota no muito boa para esse lbum incrvel...  assim que voc percebe como at a crtica est terrvel. Little Mix fez um lbum ala anos 80 (muitas canes parecem dessa poca), alm das integrantes terem vocais INCRVEIS e melhor ainda: solos bem distribudos (risos). Get Weird no foi feito para hitar e sim para mostrar o que  msica de qualidade, pena que os crticos musicais preferem as msicas trash como ''Worth It'' que foi apenas para hitar. Little Mix sim  a MELHOR girlband da atualidade, e uma das melhores que esse mundo j viu.",1,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"o melhor lbum de Little Mix sim. Eu realmente fiquei bem decepcionada com as crticas at agora, 63  pouco. A pior de todas  a que diz que elas no saem da zona de conforto, no se arriscam. Salute foi um album Rnb e elas simplesmente fizeram o Get Weird um lbum PURO pop anos 80. Isso no  se arriscar? Little Mix sempre foi boa nas ballads e nesse cd no foi diferente. Secret Love Song (com Jason Derulo, devo destacar, os vocais ficaram incrveis), Secret Love Song Parte II, uma msica na qual os homossexuais se identificaram muito, I Love You e Love me or Leave Me. A melhor parte das ballads das meninas  que, voc pode sentir o que elas esto sentindo. Elas cantam com todo o corao. Desde suas primeiras msicas lentas, Turn Your Face, por exemplo. A.D.I.D.A.S, Grown, Weird People, OMG, LMLY e  Black Magic so msicas que te fazem sentir realmente na poca de 80. Sem contar que, esse cd contm muito menos Auto Tune, os vocais foram MUITO valorizados. Me digam, duas msicas acapella e uma acstica no  se arriscar? Msicas assim no vo para as rdios, mas Little Mix, obviamente, as que no se arriscam e que no saem da zona de conforto no do a minma. Vou falar de uma msica BRILHANTE agora, individualmente, e que chamou ateno de muitos: Lightning. Porque ningum est dando o valor que essa msica merece? Little Mix acaba de sair de um lbum Rnb para fazer uma **** TRAP MSICA COM PERA LATINA! Se alguma outra girlband j se arriscou assim, por favor me avisem. Lightning tem um trecho em Latin, e pra melhorar, foi escrita pelas meninas. Ser que no levam isso em considerao? a composio  o mais importante.
A.D.I.D.A.S no  se arriscar? So 4 mulheres lindas e maiores de idade falando sobre sexo de maneira divertida, alm de conter um RAP maravilhoso. Quando que mulheres no so julgadas por falar de sexo assim? Isso no  se arriscar?
Parece que quando Little Mix parar de compor as prprias msicas e lanar uma msica do Max Martin elas vo ter valor, n?",1,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"O lbum t incrvel n manas pfvr, s n ver quem n quer ou ento s pode ser harmonizer lixosa, s tem high notes e vrios HINOS licena BIGGEST GIRLBAND 21ST CENTURY",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"No tentem contestar a verdade, porque Little Mix  e sempre ser a melhor girlband da atualidade! So donas de sua prpria msica, como demonstram neste lbum. Elas decidem o tipo de sonoridade que vo aderir, diferente de outros grupos altamente controlados e que s cantam o que a gravadora quer. Se arriscaram em um pop anos 80, mudando totalmente o estilo que estavam seguindo, trabalharam duro pra lanar um material de qualidade e optaram por deixar os fs sem lbum durante todo esse tempo apenas porque se recusam a ser um objeto apenas vendvel. Quem no gosta de girlband de atitude e 'estranha' como elas, obviamente no tem um pingo de personalidade.
BEST GIRLBAND EVEEEEEEEEEEEEER! #HINRIO",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"get weird  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de uma girlband no somente pelas letras incrveis que tem no lbum mas tambm pelas vozes cheia de harmonia que o grupo tem em si.",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"IS THIS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENIU LADY GAGA WARNED US ABOUT????? YES IT IS. While hearing it I could only feel sorry for how underrater this girls are, while every other girgroup($$HADE) is more worried about being sexy and catchy and dumb sometimes than just relevant, this girls prove(mainly with the end and the beginnig) that they don't need anything else but their voices to slay pur souls, drag our asses to filth and snatch everyone's weaves. Congrats Little Mix on another great album.",1,4,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Enterro do reflection, esse  melhor album de uma girl band ocidental :) Vamos danar ao som desse lbum, A.D.I.D.A.S  o grande destaque desse lbum: O RAP foi timo",1,4,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"The best pop lbum ever made by girlgroup.
The best lbum from little mix A.K.A. best grilband eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer
Vocals on point.
Lyrics on point.
My life is complete.",2,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Quando voc pensa em 'maior girlband da atualidade', de quem voc lembra? Se falou Little Mix, voc acertou. Esse album  uma prova viva que ainda pode existir girlband com boa qualidade hoje em dia, e no apenas um produto da gravadora pra lanar sucessos e lucrar. Ponto alto do album: Secret Love Song, com certeza essa  a melhor musica do album, tanto solo como feat. Jason Derulo. Com esse album com certeza elas vo se firmar ainda mais no seu pas de origem, e na musica. E daqui alguns anos veremos novas girlbands surgindo e usando as Little Mix como referncia. Espero que elas continuem sempre evoluindo em todos os termos, pois elas s tem a ganhar.",2,10,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"EU VOU CHAMAR MEUS ADVOGADOS NA ALEMANHA PRA LIDAR COM ESSES CRTICOS RIDCULOS QUE NO DERAM NO MINIMO UM 90 PRA ESSE NOVO TESTAMENTO DA BBLIA, COMO OUSAM DESAFIAR TANTO JESUS? MALDIO DO TERCEIRO LBUM MEU PAU, MEU PAU GRANDE E VEIUDO PRA ESSA NOTA 63. EU QUERO NOTA MXIMA SEUS OTRIOS. MELHOR LBUM DA CARREIRA, S HINRIOS, DESCULPE O VELHO TESTAMENTO DA BBLIA VULGO SALUTE, MAS GET WEIRD VEIO PRA ARROMBAR, ESTOU REVOLTADSSIMA COM ESSES CRTICOS RIDCULOS DANDO NOTAS RUINS PRA UMA OBRA PRIMA COMO ESSA, EXIJO NOVAS CRITICAS E COM TIMAS NOTAS, OK? MAS RESPEITO COM JESUS OU VOCS QUEIMARO EM FIFTH HARMONY (INFERNO). J ESTOU PROVIDENCIANDO MEUS ADVOGADOS E ELES SERO USADOS CASO ESSA NOTA NO MELHORE. OBRIGADO",1,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"De longe o melhor lbum das garotas, as letras maravilhosas, harmonia incrvel, e no era de se esperar menos das rainhas, donas do UK, e no tem o cargo de melhor girlband da atualidade atoa, elas fazem por merecer, no tem uma msica ruim, parabns para as rainhas.",1,5,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"This album is everything, harmonies on point.
keep grown little mix, show how make a good album for another girlbands.
the best girlband in the world, no contest",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Get Weird is by far Little Mix's best album to date. The lyrics are meaningful when they need to be and even on the more cheeky songs, the words still don't slip into the mediocre ones of today's society. The girls harmonies are completely tight and they take quite a risk putting two acapella songs on the LP. Anyone with ears should be able to tell Little Mix is a force to be reckoned with. They are no doubt the best girl group around today. They are extremely underrated and more people need to step away from the overly-sexualized, meaningless garb such as 'give it to me i'm worth it'.  Give real music a chance and give it the recognition it deserves for once people. WAKE UP!",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Oh please ... 'little mix don't take risks' they just play around with trap ballads, latin opera, 100% acapellas, other eras other than the 80s THE BEST album made by a girlgroup",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Maravilhoso!! Apesar de o lbum ter vrias baladas..  bem diversificado e todo o grupo canta de maneira harmonica e bem divida sem nenhuma das integrantes ser ofuscada.  Sem dvidas a melhor girlband da atualidade.",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOO NO SEI QUAL  A MELHOR MUSICA SO SEI QUE ADIDAS  A PIOR O RESTO  TUDO HINOO eu to passada com esse album pisou em 2015 todinho serioo",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Ignorem os absurdos falaciosos dessas supostas crticas especializadas, porque para afirmar que Little Mix no se arrisca  porque certamente no ouviu o Get Weird. Little Mix sai de um lbum 90s R&B para se arriscar nesse mercado medocre, que s aceita letras bsicas com produes idnticas, ressuscitando a melhor era do 80s POP (poca de Michael Jackson, Cindy Lauper, Whitney Houston) e colocar algo de decente e bem trabalhado nas rdios. Com vocais muito bem explorados - destaque para as duas faixas 100% acapella -, produes nicas e criativas como Lightning, o Get Weird se consagra como o melhor lbum j criado por um grupo feminino. Agora  rezar para que Little Mix, finalmente, receba o reconhecimento devido por ser um dos melhores grupos que j existiu.",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"get weird  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de uma girlband no somente pelas letras incrveis que tem no lbum mas tambm pelas vozes cheia de harmonia que o grupo tem em si. Elas tem a capacidade de escrever suas prprias msicas, fazerem lives incrveis e ao mesmo tempo todas brilharem mostrando seus potencias. Little Mix  uma continuao das incrveis girlbands que j existiram, desde Destiny`s Child a Spice Girls que provam que podem ser mulheres incrveis juntas.Little Mix  sem duvidas a maior girlband atualmente e apenas comprovou mais isso no get weird.",1,7,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO rainhas melhor album",0,3,"Nov 10, 2015"
9,"Srio esse lbum  maravilhoso  uma juno de msicas alegres como Black Magic uma faixa que possu elementos dos anos 90, Hair com um instrumental maravilhoso e danante, OMG uma faixa bem explosiva, Love Me Like You com um refro que gruda na sua cabea e tambm possu faixas que exploram mais os vocais como The End que  maravilhosa, I Love You uma faixa bem fofa e ao mesmo tempo forte e sem duvida a melhor faixa do lbum vulgo Love Me Or Leave Me possu uma letra maravilhosa, vocais perfeitos uma harmonia maravilhosa espero que sege single, nunca tinha ouvido um lbum dessas garotas e notei que elas so realmente boas, isso me deu animo para ouvir os antigos lbuns dela e ver se elas realmente evoluram
Elas esto de Parabns com esse lbum e espero que continuem assim, desejo para ela todo o sucesso do mundo.",0,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album is perfect, best little mix album to date ever heard !!!OMG the best song and Black Magic athem i love this songs queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenss",0,4,"Nov  6, 2015"
8,"Little Mix, o que foi esse lbum?
Incrvel do comeo ao fim, mostrou um amadurecimento em TODOS os sentidos!
Grown, Hair, OMG, A.D.I.D.A.S., Secret Love Song Pt. II...  aquele tipo de lbum que todas as faixas mereciam ser single, se tiver, so 3 msicas fracas, mas que mesmo assim tem qualidade.
Parabns Little Mix, esse lbum s reafirmou que vocs so a melhor girlband da atualidade.",0,3,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOO PISOU NO REFLECTION LIXO, ESSA CRITICA ESTA LOUCA PRA DAR ESSA NOTA, PEGA MEU PAU COM A PORRA DESSA NOTA, DONAS DO UK, DESAFIARAM JESUS E SUA BBLIA E AGORA VAI QUEIMAR NO 5H (INFERNO) ELAS AMADURECERAM MUITO E SE ARRISCARAM SIM FAZENDO UM ALBUM TOTALMENTE DIFERENTE, CADE O 90?  SO TEM HINO",0,6,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Com uma sonoridade mais pop, Little Mix entregou um lbum excelente e mostrou que no ganhou o X-Factor UK atoa. Get Weird  a pea chave que faltava para consagrar o grupo de vez na indstria musical. Daqui pra frente tudo tende s a melhor.",0,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum delas, sem dvidas. Tem msica para agradar todos os gostos, em especial as acapellas que mostram como as gurias tm vocais incrveis que so devidamente aproveitados neste novo lbum. Este  para as pessoas que dizem que elas no inovam, j que elas saram de uma Era (Salute) completamente diferente, mostrando que elas no tem medo de arriscar e que conseguem adaptar qualquer ritmo, de qualquer poca para os tempos atuais, onde h carncia de msica pop de qualidade.",0,2,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"HINRIO MERECIA +70 ACHEI ISSO UMA INJUSTIA, GENTE VAMO DA 10 NESSE USER SCORE PQ NO TA SENDO FACIL E EU GOSTARIA DE DIZER QUE I LOVE YOU DONA DO ALBUM JUNTO COM SECRET LOVE SONG LIGHTNING",0,2,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"Com certeza o melhor lbum de Little Mix...  uma pena que a crtica tenha feito uma anlise to rasa e ignorado as excentricidades do Get Weird.",0,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"The songs is so boring, there's nothing new, all the songs is pratically about the same thing, no inovation. There's to much music generic in this album too.",0,2,"May 27, 2016"
7,"Not bad but this album could be better a slight disappointment on previous albums but still much better than their fellow X Factor UK alumni One Direction.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
9,"From funky bops with late 80 's - 90 's vibe but also slow ballads that show off their vocals perfectly. Their newest album is relatable to everyone. With inspiring lyrics of ' I Won't ' and 'Secret Love Song' that will become the newst LGBT's anthem. One of the best girlbands of this decade.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
10,"This is my favorite albuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum. They are my queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeens!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing i love it so much it full of life evry song is  amazing they have work so hard it the best album i every hard .you ned to buy it is so good my Favorite one is love me like you  go and buy they is not a song i dont like",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
10,"Flawless goddessful perfect strong voices have I mentioned GODESSES. Best tracks: Love Me Like You, Hair, OMG, LIghtning, A.D.I.D.A.S., I Won't, Secret Love Song Pt. II, Grown, Weird People and more more moreeeeee",0,0,"Dec 23, 2015"
7,"Get Weird  um lbum mediano. Tem boas msicas, mas muita msica mediana. As garotas tem um timo vocal e o lbum  mais voltado para o pop genrico. Ficou at bom, mas no to bom assim.
Pontos altos: Hair, Grown, Clued Up
Pontos baixos: The End, Secret Love Song, Pt. II, The Beginning",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"the best album of 2015! i wish metacritic would give more points.. so many songs have characters.. lightning is powerful, secret love song is absolutely a love song.. love me or leave me, love me lke you, clued up, the acapellas and others.. thats really good album congrats girls",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
10,"A Little Mix se superou, lanou uma msica melhor que a outra e mostrou que pode fazer coisas melhores a partir desses anos. Little mix carrega um titulo enorme como a maior girlband do ocidente e 'Get Weird'  um album incrivel que vicia e que contem muitas musicas maravilhosas",0,0,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"This is their best album yet, they'd worked hard for this album. They deserve better than 66. This album is masterpiece. I'm not saying the previous album is bad, but Get Weird is the best frpm them. I'm so proud of them",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"Um lbum maravilhoso, muito bem feito.
carregado com letras marcantes, e um tanto de 'jovialidade'. Concluem perfeitamente em todos os quesitos, tanto em letras, como vocais.
Sem dvida o melhor lbum delas, mostrando que para fazer msica com qualidade no  preciso apelao para o lado sexual.
Infelizmente no possuem o sucesso que merecem.
Esse lbum tem uma qualidade assombrosa.
Com certeza essas garotas possuem mais qualidade que umas e outras por a.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A wonderful album, very well done.
It is loaded with striking lyrics, and somewhat of 'youthfulness'. Conclude perfectly in all aspects, both in letters, as vocal.
Without doubt the best album of them, showing that to make music with quality no need to appeal to the sexual side.
Unfortunately they do not have the success they deserve.
This album has a haunting quality.
Surely these girls have more quality than some and others there.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
0,"The album was so boring. All the girls shriek each song out at the same time with no style at all. They should learn from fifth harmony as their music is better by miles.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"favorite little mix album!! personally, the album is a masterpiece, you'll have a lot of fun, dance, sadness, emotion, and more if you listen to it!, you won't regret anything.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
8,"My favorite album from Little Mix. I really like the 80's pop influence. The girls have the personality and vocal talent to take them a lot further than where they are right now. The problem, or course, is Simon Cowell and Syco Music. I don't know how it's been 3 albums already, and they still won't get Little Mix some big name producers. And that's my biggest problem with the album, and all of their previous albums honestly. It's not that the production is bad, but sometimes it just can't support the vocal melodies at all and it leaves you unsatisfied. I'm sure Little Mix will fight for better producers, but if they can't, I guess they'll have to wait until their contract's up.
Favs: I Love You, Love Me or Leave Me, Weird People, Secret Love Song Part II, A.D.I.D.A.S., Black Magic, Love Me Like You, OMG
Least Favs: Secret Love Song (stop ruining good pop songs Derulo)",0,0,"Jul  9, 2016"
0,"Es tpico pop aburrido y proyectado para adolescentes. A medida que avanzas en el disco, cada cancin parece igual que la anterior. Nada recomendable.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
8,"Let me begin by saying that my first exposure to The Neighbourhood was at one of their live performances that I only attended at the request of a friend. The band had such undeniable energy and a great stage presence even in the stuffy venue  I was hooked. I added all of their songs on Spotify and sang along in the shower for months, eagerly awaiting the band's sophomore effort after they dropped their 2014 mixtape.
Upon first listening to the lead single from Wiped Out!, the drumbeat-heavy 'R.I.P. 2 My Youth,' I wasn't all that excited. It didn't have exactly the same melancholy feel as the songs from I Love You., and it seemed just a little too clich a theme. I feared this band was changing for the worse, that their next album was going to be boring. After giving the entirety of Wiped Out! a listen on its release date, I was pretty quickly proven wrong in my assumptions.
I've found that 'A Moment of Silence' is exactly what one needs before being immersed in The Neighbourhood's moody, beach-y sounds: seagull guitars, slow beats, and Jesse Rutherford's occasionally mournful crooning. It's only thirty seconds of silence, and it's also pretty funny.
'Prey' starts out slow, building up in volume and in the amount of instruments involved in the production. The beat is smooth and the lyrics are catchy by the time the chorus hits. It's an emotional, if not slightly puzzling track.
It's followed by 'Cry Baby,' which could, in my opinion, stand alone as a single as well. It's one of the more upbeat tracks, and I find myself replaying it more often than some of the other tracks. The word play throughout the song is simple, but I find it just cute enough to mention.
The titular track 'Wiped Out!' is the second longest track on the album, and for good reason. At first listen, the track drags on with an extended guitar riff after some quick, low lyrics from Rutherford. The guitar sounds like sirens just past the midpoint of the song and by the time it finally fades out, I'd expected the song to end, but it just kept going. Once the literal noise ends, a regular beat and vocals return. The lyrics take a while to fade out near the track's end. I'm unsure if it's a track worthy of the title.
'The Beach' follows, a sad song that includes more of Rutherford's emotional crooning. It portrays a mood I can only describe as relatable, the volume of the vocals rising and falling like waves on a beach throughout the track. This is another song I continue to replay again and again, and I would love to hear live.
The next song is titled 'Daddy Issues,' for those not following along. I didn't expect to take the track all that seriously, but beyond the surface it's a song that's full of the kind of pain that I'm sure many listeners can relate to  to be fair, it's exactly the kind of pain it sounds like it's about. It's a catchy tune as well, though admittedly repetitive. It quickly became my favorite track on the album.
'Baby Came Home 2 / Valentines' is next, a track that follows up on the song 'Baby Came Home' from 'I'm Sorry...' It's the longest track on the album, but unfortunately, I don't feel like it belongs here. It's the one song I want to skip every time I play the album. Like it's predecessor, it belongs on an EP  not on the album. The ambient sounds at the end of the track are nearly exhausting to listen to, and though they do serve to add to the beach vibe, that's not something The Neighbourhood needs at this point. We get it, you're from California.
Speaking of which, 'Greetings from Califournia,' (yes, I see what they did there) is up next. It's an interesting track that is more haunting than the other songs on the album, but almost too difficult to understand with the voice filter over the chorus. It successfully incorporates all of the same elements and instruments the previous tracks have, but at this point, the eighth song, a little change in the sound might help. The moodiness is definitely abundant, but sort of fatiguing by now.
'Ferrari' is an obvious change, just a little too late in the game. Not necessarily a good change either. There's more of an unfamiliar rock vibe in the track, though the vocals are sung in the same, sad tune as always. It's not a track I avoid like the sixth, but it's surely not my favorite.
Another change, acoustically speaking for the most part, is the song 'Single.' This is what the album needed  it feels different, more honest. It's a charming little track that turns into another filter-heavy mess, only to slow down again into something more recognizable.
'R.I.P. 2 My Youth' is the perfect closing track, leaving the listener with a solid beat stuck in their head for a week, and an urge to listen to the album all over again just to understand what they just experienced.
All in all, it's a great album and definitely worth a listen. I'll be nodding my head along to these songs for a long time coming, and I eagerly await more work from these moody Califournians.",5,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
5,"Dreadful album. It's like I Love You 2.0, very monotonous. Nothing changed, this band didn't progress. When I heard the firest single I thought this would be better, but.. no. Sorry.",3,5,"Nov  2, 2015"
10,"See, I don't like even giving things close to me a 10/10 - but honestly I can't hear a flaw in this album.
Production = Solid
Instrumentation = Solid
Band progression = Solid
Solid/Solid",1,2,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"I Love this Record. A Moment Of Silence, that joke that made me laugh for a while. PREY is sooooo PERFECT!!. I don't know better Cry Baby as of this album. Wiped Out! It is perfect with a harmony of fast and slow. The Beach is my infinite obsession. DADDY ISSUES IS SO SICK!. I have no words about Baby Came Home2/Valentines. Greetings from Califournia is too much mesmerizing!. Ferrari has a melody as catchy and sexy, makes you feel like in a video. Single is the perfect song to dedicate. Finally R.I.P. 2 My Youth is the perfect song to say goodbye to I Love You. and Welcome to Wiped Out! Age, HELL YEAH!",2,6,"Oct 30, 2015"
10,"So this is honestly one of my favorite albums from all the time i literally cant
all the songs kill me they're amazing
The 'A Moment of silence' song was something so weird at the start but at the end i loved it
All the songs are honestly AMAZING",2,6,"Nov  1, 2015"
2,"Not a very good album. The Neighbourhood tries to take a confusing route in a new style that I don't understand too well. Jesse Rutherford, the lead vocalist, sounds very dead and a lot less smooth and sexy than 'I Love You' on this album. Excellent production and performance on a Moment of Silence though. ;)",1,5,"Nov  5, 2015"
7,"The album starts in a very good pace  (the hilarious silent joke in 'A Moment Of Silence' gets me everytime). The well developed 'Prey' gets you excited for what's next. The expectations are corresponded as soon as 'Cry Baby' intro starts to play. Catchy chorus, incredible musical arrangements. The brightest moment is the title track 'Wiped Out!', prefectly produced, amazing solo and great potential. But from that moment on is a long way down. It's sounds like another album, with a drastic rhythm change. By 'Ferrari' you feel exhausted. 'R.I.P 2 My Youth', though, makes you believe and expect the next album. Maybe it brings enough maturity for the band to finally decide which path to follow.
While flirting with distinct sounds, The Neighbourhood sadly can't deliver properly any of them.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2016"
4,"I had high hopes for this album, but it's way too generic and it just doesn't have a kick. It's not horrible, but I really can't recommend it to anyone.",5,7,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"O melhor trabalho da banda, o amadurecimento musical  notvel, o lbum  maravilhoso, me identifiquei tanto, as letras so to boas e com uma sonoridade muito gostosa.",9,13,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, feita por pessoas maravilhosas, para pessoas maravilhosas, com msicas maravilhosas. um dos melhores de 2015, com certeza. 5sos merece o mundo",6,9,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"muito bommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm maravilhosooooooooooooooo muito cheirosooooooooooooo melhor albummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm bebesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",6,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"this album is so good, deserve a good grade, i love all the songs especially outer space / carry on which is a song that brings me calm. just don't like fly away but i'll forget this trash",7,12,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"It's a great album, even tough Money, She's Kinda Hot, and Hey Everybody are not as good as the rest of the album, but the songs are really good, they did an excelent job.",4,7,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015 e um dos melhores que eu j ouvi.  perceptvel a evoluo deles de um lbum para o outro,  como se nem fossem os mesmos. As msicas tm letras maravilhosas, instrumentais maravilhoso, vocais maravilhosos...T TUDO TO MARAVILHO, O LBUM T PERFEITO!",8,16,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"timas letras e melodias. Pecaram muito em algumas produes, mas no conjunto est muito bom e as compensam. Qualidade e amadurecimento. Grande lbum, grande banda.",3,6,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"MARAVILHOSO! Eles sempre foram bons, mas nesse lbum se superaram... Pelo amor de Deus, o que foi o HINO Broken Home? Incrvel! Orgulho desses quatro australianos, eles merecem todo o sucesso do mundo! ((eu s observo as revistas pop dando nota baixa e as rock dando nota alta, rindo))",2,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
4,"Generally, the album takes no risks at all.    For my taste, it's not enough.",6,13,"Oct 23, 2015"
3,"5 Seconds of Summer's 'Sounds Good Feels Good' isn't as good as the title says. Right off the bat, these guys are VERY controversial, with accusations of copying My Chemical Romance with 'She's Kinda Hot' and Duran Duran with 'Hey Everybody!', but they have copied way more than just music (look up the 5sos copying things account on Twitter to see a lot of things they copied), but all in all, this is just a really awful, mellowed down blink-182, with the highlight of the album being 'She's Kinda Hot', but even that's awful. If you're looking for a popular band, i'd say, stick with One Direction, or if you're looking for a pop punk band, stick with Green Day or blink-182.",5,11,"Oct 29, 2015"
10,"maravilhosooooo repleto de hinos s resta aceitar, j ouvi umas 303130 vezes e cada vez que escuto tenho mais orgulho dos garotos e percebo o quanto eles amadureceram em comparao ao primeiro lbum",3,7,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"This is so far my favourite album of the year. It's essentially my music taste on one CD, catchy melodies, with a pop punk/ pop rock sound. In comparison to their other album the musical and lyrical content has matured and overall the boys have produced a wicked album.",2,5,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Album perfeito! Sinto orgulho de ver que eles cresceram e evoluiram imenso. No paro de ouvir, este  para mim o melhor album de 2015. 5sosfam forever.",4,12,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"A great album, you can clearly see how much they have developed and grown since their debut album. It is filled with catchy tunes and powerful lyrics. Congrats for not being afraid of talking about real issues that affect a lot of people, rather than just sing about the boy meets girl sappy love song.",3,9,"Oct 24, 2015"
9,"I think this album is good , one of the best this year . My opinion is completely biased due to my attachment to the pop-punk era of early 00's , the album brings me so much nostalgia , especially 'jet black heart' which is the best song of the album , it reminds me of a blink 182 song . Because they're the only mainstream punk band this days they have a special place in my heart . But regardless of their genre and influences , this album proves how much they grew , they're no more a simple boy band for teenagers but a real band who defies the trend and revives a genre that is supposedly dead , no punk never dies ! The proof is 5SOS . Permanent vacation is so kick ass , it's like a song from the 90's green day . If you want a pop and catchy song , catch fire is definitely for you , it's like a better version of a one direction song . If you want a serious song , we have Broken Home , and the fact that they speak about such serious subject as divorce is the proof of they're maturity , and in such poignant song , one of my favs too. Fly away is so energetic and overwhelming it makes you move everywhere .Outer Space / Carry On is a masterpiece , the perfect love song , and the voice delivery is stuning , especially on the line 'the darkest night never felt so bright with you by my side' , and the second half is so uplifting and is the perfect closer for 'sounds good feels good' . Money is the perfect opener , so uptempo and catchy , as anthemic as 'she's kinda hot' and vapor have a special vibe , a power ballad like no other these days.
The only flaw of the album is the lack of originality , I think that they didn't add something special to the punk movement , just some other catchy songs .And ''Hey everybody' dont deserve to be a single but is energetic and pretty cool i guess, reminds me of their first album , no risks taking here.
Best songs : She's kinda hot , Money , Catch fire , Outer Space / Carry On, Permanent Vacation ,Castaway, Broken Home, Fly Away, Vapor, Safety Pin .
Absolute favorite : Jet Black Heart !!",2,6,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"THIS IS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENNIUM!!!!!!!!!!!! :) No preciso falar mais nada, esse com certeza  o melhor lbum que j ouvi no ano. Eles amadureceram tanto em to pouco tempo, injustia mesmo  essa nota final. NO ACEITO -80. (Piso no reflection, no que seja uma tarefa muito difcil)",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"o que esperar de um lbum como esse? exatamente, muita coisa boa, com certeza o melhor lbum deles, o som e as letras esto muito boas, no esperava menos dos reis da fivesos",1,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"El disco posee varios sonidos sin salirse del pop/rock y sin salirse del estilo caracterstico de estos chicos. Letras muy buenas y cada una cargada de sentimientos.",1,3,"Dec  6, 2015"
8,"Sounds Good Feels Good  um timo lbum teen, mostrando o amadurecimento tanto vocal, instrumental e nas letras dos meninos da banda. No  um lbum maravilhoso, mas  um destaque do ano de 2015.
Pontos Altos: Catch Fire, Castaway, Jet Black Heart
Pontos Baixos: Money, Safety Pin, Permanent Vacation",1,3,"Jan 11, 2016"
10,"Best album of 2015 so far and I'm sure it will stay that, at least for me. Lyrics hit home for every young person and maybe even everyone today, sound is amazing like we're used to by 5sos and Outer Space (Carry On) is everything we were hoping for and more (we've heard great things about it from the band members). All in all, this album is absolute pop-rock perfection!",3,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns do ano, sem dvidas. PRNCIPES DO PUNK, CADA VEZ EVOLUINDO MAIS E MAIS. SE FOR COMPARAR O PRIMEIRO EP COM O PRIMEIRO ALBUM E DEPOIS COM O SEGUNDO VOCES VO VER A EVOLUO MONSTRA, REISSSSSSSSSSSSS!",3,11,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"Some people don't know the difference between the COPY and the INSPIRATION. Aside of that, the leader single is just one of the worst choices because it's not that good like the rest of the album. The album amazing, the maturation is clearly notable in most of the lyrics. Best songs: Permanent Vacation, Catch Fire, Castaway, Airplanes. Worst songs: Money and She's Kinda Hot.",2,13,"Oct 30, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER  These boys worked so hard to get to way they are, they are SO stressed out during tour but they still do it for the fans! That's how you know they love us",1,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"5 Seconds of Summer's sophomore album does not disappoint. Live guitar, killer vocals, and relatable lyrics, they delivered everything that can be expected of such a young band. Despite the fact that their audience is primarily young girls, there are songs on this album that everyone can relate to. Whether it's 'Broken Home' which is about having divorced parents, or 'Jet Black Heart' which explains the feeling of finding someone who just gets you, there is a song for everyone.  It is clear that the band put a lot of work into this album and didn't hold back. They wrote songs that they genuinely believed in, rather than their first album, where their main concern was getting on the radio.",0,1,"Feb  7, 2016"
9,"Un lbum diferente, pero en buen sentido, tiene letras para cada estado de animo, y ritmos que te hacen perderte por unos momentos, sin duda de los mejores del ao 2015.",0,1,"Mar 12, 2016"
8,"Podemos ver claramente o amadurecimento da banda s nos primeiros riffs, album bem mais rock, trazendo mais pop punk, mas com muito power pop e pop rock tambm, mas ainda tem o que melhorar, sinto que a banda no chegou onde queria ainda. Esse album tem seus altos e baixos, como as incrveis 'Permanente Vacation', 'Jet Black Heart', 'Broken Home', entre outras, mas ainda tem umas que deixa a desejar como 'Catch Fire' e 'Waste The Night'. Nesse disco eles trazem muito mais influncias do pop punk dos anos 2000, um dos 10 melhores de 2015.",0,1,"May  8, 2016"
10,"From summer hit She's Kinda Hot to emotional 'I'm leaving,' song Airplanes to 2000s inspired song Hey Everybody, this album is the type of album that make teenage girls adore pop-punk bands again and rising to the likes of One Direction and Justin Bieber making them celebrities.",0,1,"May 31, 2016"
10,"Un lbum diferente al primero (5 seconds of summer) tiene letras para cada estado de animo, y ritmos que te hacen perderte por unos momentos, sin duda de los mejores del ao 2015",0,0,"Aug 13, 2016"
10,"WOW! Demi killed with this album. it's so powerful, strong and funny and I really liked.All the songs have  coherence, a concept and the lyrics are incredible. I believe that Demi really changed for the best.",85,103,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album has destroyed everything, Demi is showing his true personality, ready to do anything for a Grammy, and she'll get, perfect album, divine vocals! I am in love!",30,37,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!!! Demi seriously delivered! Her vocals are so on point, and there's not one bad song on it. Confident will take you through an emotional rollercoaster of anger, sadness, CONFIDENCE, and on and on. You can really tell that Demi is NOT playing around with this era!! I'm so proud of her!!",14,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"confident is absolutely incredible. demi's vocals are flawless and there is so much emotion in lionheart, stone cold and father. stars, old ways and cool for the summer are songs to dance too and even old ways has a deeper meaning. confident is an empowering anthem with incredible high notes at the end. for you really displays demi's vocals. overall, this album is the best pop album of 2015.",14,17,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Impeccable. Wonderful vocals and a misture of rhythms. The album of Demi. And best of year so far. Lovato shows trmendous energy that is contagious. Congratulations!",9,11,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The album is opened by a strong track that is Confident but after that we can see and hear many others stronger tracks. Demi is really concetrated in this record with very motivation, the lyrics are amazing and so beautiful, the vocals are awesome and with sure it is one of the best demi's albums so far.",13,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"o album ta pft, tenho nojo desses pantenefans lixinhos que estao dando notas ruins, nao importa o quanto vocs critiquem, sua fave nunca ser melhor, n  fazendo isso q o album da sua fave vai ser melhor",13,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I actually really enjoyed this album. There are some songs that u can really just let loose to and then there's some emotional tracks. Great vary of emotions throughout the songs",12,15,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"uma grande evoluo, o lbum se mantm coerente mesmo com sua diversidade de sonoridades, vocais fortes, letras bem trabalhadas,  melhor trabalho dela at agora",12,15,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The purpose of Demi with Confident was to make a different album from their previous, and in fact managed the difference with their last studio album 'DEMI' is obvious. Demi faces a sexier stage with 'Cool for the Summer', the song she explores more high and low ranges without losing the rhythm of the music. The best songs are 'Father', 'For You', 'Wildfire', 'Old Ways', 'Confident' and 'Kingdom Come'.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"uma msica melhor que a outra, vocais maravilhosos.... Melhor album da carreira e um dos melhores do ano pra mim. Pisoooooooooou
''''''''''''''''''''",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"CONFIDENT is Demi's best album by far. She shows her vocals and talent as she always does. This is a Grammy worthy and future oscar winning masterpiece that everyone should buy. You won't regret it! It's so much better than Selena Gomez's last album where all you can find is auto tuned songs.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, amazing vocal! Gostei muito mesmo desse novo album dela. Ficou muito top! As msicas Fathers, Lionheart, Kingdom Come e Wildfire so as melhores.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum ficou incrvel. Stone Cold, Kingdom Come, Wildfire, vocs precisam ouvir isso! Realmente a Demi mudou muito, sua sonoridade est bem mais 'limpa' e 'animada'.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"A perfect album for a perfect year, 2015 is yours, Demi. All the songs, the beats, the high notes (incredibly strong), the sonority, lyrics, everything is perfect and we couldn't be more proud of her. Congrats, listening all day long.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato deu uma grande evoluao com esse album,parabns!
o album contem musicas danantes,e musicas calmas,todas com otimos vocais e hight notes",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album dela sem dvidas, tem tudo pra ser um sucesso!! Demi est madura e confiante e isso pode ser visto claramente em suas novas msicas!!!!!!!",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum da Demi de longe, me surpreendeu de uma forma que s vendo. Uma msica melhor que a outra! Nunca me empolguei tanto pra comprar um lbum como esse o/ E esses vocais esto maravilhosos, deus me livre.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"TIRO, TIRO PARA TODO LADO, MUITO TIRO, FUI AT ATINGIDO, MELHOR LBUM, ATRS APENAS DO EMOTION! Que ela faa boas escolhas de singles, e no desperdice nenhuma musica boa, ou seja o lbum todo.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse quinto album dela est perfeito! Demi est cada vez mais confiante e segura de seu talento, isso  maravilhoso! Ela  uma cantora maravilhosa e esse novo album promete vir com vrios hits! Letras fortes e batidas que ficam na mente. PERFEITO!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of Demi Lovato career since her 'Unbroken' album, songs with unique melodies and well-made and well-crafted lyrics.
Certainly deserves a 10!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Simplesmente incrvel, sem sombra de dvidas um dos melhores trabalhos da Demi. Cada msica desse album te traz uma emoo diferente, certa hora d vontade de danar, j na outra de chorar e a msica te toca profundamente. Merece muito sucesso esse album maravilhoso.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato's latest album is exactly what the pop music industry needs right now. The right amount of dancing strong beats with some emotional ballads. The music is on top, being maybe one of Demi's best works along with 'Unbroken'. The only thing to expect now is that shallow feuds between fans doesn't undermine her great work.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um lbum super fantstico feito com tanta paixo por uma pessoa. Amei todos os conceitos que ela usou nesse lbum. Voc arrasou Demi fiquei muito orgulhoso de voc.  a parceria com a Iggy Azalea mais que perfeito transforma em single nunca te pedi nada. Voc me fez ficar CONFIANTE tambm.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I really love this album! Normally I don't like all the songs from Demis albums. There was always at least one that I didn't like. But this time? Every song is so good",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi tem um amadurecimento incrvel nesse lbum, com um alcano vocal maravilhoso, com msicas lindas e muito bem escritas, o lbum est fabuloso, no paro de ouvir 1 minuto, que trabalho esplendido.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"lbum perfecto para el verano,invierno,otoo.... Es un lbum sper completo tiene canciones sexys y otras con las que deseas llorar Yes,Father,Lionheart,Stone Cold son las canciones con las que a Demi podra tener su primer Grammy.Confident es una propuesta muy atrevida ya que rene tanta calidad que es casi seguro que no obtendr el xito que merece,este lbum tienen todos que escucharlo de inicio a fin.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album pop do ano, esse album nos faz sentir uma exploso de sentimentos, Danar, chorar, rir, pular e conseguiu fazer todo mundo se sentir realmente CONFIANTE
#CONFIDENT",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Is disc is great, great songs such as 'Stone Cold' and 'Father', fantastic rhythms; no doubt this is the best album of his career after 'Here We Go Again' and 'Don't Forget'",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Im so Proud, our little girl grew up too fast.
YOU REALLY KILLED IT ALL, ROCK IT GIRL SHOW YOU POWER, SHOW YOUR VOICE TO THE WORLD,  SHOW HOW MUCH YOU ARE ABLE",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"queridos selenators no adianta colocar negative, isso no vai mudar o fato de que a Demi lacrou na fave de vocs, a bicha sambou de salto 15 e Revival no chega aos ps de Confident, vr",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This was a amazing record by Demi Lovato. Your vocals was amazing and she really gaves her spirit for this Album. Wildfire, Kigndom Come and Lionheart are so much flawess. The girl can sing!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Apenas observo o desespero desses dando 0 e comentando merda, voc que faz isso pode ficar a vontade, o user score nao afeta o META SCORE EM NADA, no entendo o poque de toda essa infantilidade, desespero tour?",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um timo lbum,msicas danantes e ritmadas e Kingdom Come,esse sim tem timo jeito de fazer sucesso. Msicas com sonoridades diferentes e as que emocionam esto em Father,Yes e LionHeart. Demi se superou. Espero que v bem em questo de charts,na verdade est indo bem!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"'Confident' is amazing it really showcases Demi's vocals and is her best job yet! All of the songs on the album were phenomenal and this album is way better than Selena Gomez's 'Revival' . It is a piece of art and she deserves a grammy for the whole album. From fun pop songs to powerful ballads she had them all!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum,  definitivamente, o melhor da carreira da Demi (at agora). Esse lbum consegue te fazer se sentir confiante, e sexy com Confident e Cool for the Summer, e ao mesmo tempo te motiva a danar. Old Ways maravilhosamente mostra que o amadurecimento s tem aumentado :). For You foi uma msica que eu substimei muito durante as prvias, mas quando liberou a verso completa.. totalmente incrvel. Os featurings ficaram incrveis, muito bem colocados, Iggy deu um show nos versos dela e Sirah tambm. Wildfire, esta msica  maravilhosa, completamente incrvel. Lionheart, que msica linda, Demi sempre mostrando sua competncia em composies, arranjos e etc, emocionante :'). Yes  uma msica perfeita, imagino num casamento, incrvel *-* Father, quantas lgrimas :'(",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi FINALLY delivered with this amazing record. Every song is different, her voice is FLAWLESS and the lyrics are amazing. Bought 3 copies. I'm BALD.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato's best album so far. Vocals very poweful, production very good, lyrics incredible awesome. She's more mature and better than before. I believe that is the best pop album of the year.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Hinrio, a Demi se superou nesse lbum com essas msicas perfeitas e maravilhosas, as melhores do lbum com certeza  Old Ways, Yes, Wildfire(que agudo foi aquele mulher?),  Kingdom Come e Waitin for you e todas as outras, esse  aquele lbum que no vou pular nenhuma msica no Spotify, vem segundo 1kk da carreira! #AvanteConfident",11,14,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"timo lbum sucessor do Unbroken sim , ela sempre se inova a cada lbum s falta saber escolher certo os singles pq esse lbum tem tantos hinos q podia ser lbum visual",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Ok, it was the world best experience listening to this album. I'm so proud of Demi finally meet like artist and an do something mature. I think it's one of the best teen albums, and maybe one of the best pop albums of the year.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Eu adorei esse lbum, os vocais dela esto fantsticos sem contar as msicas que so fantsticas, Demi que antes era uma garotinha da Disney demonstrou que evolui e agora  uma grande mulher. Parabns Pra Ela e que os prximos lbuns ela continue assim.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Best album, seriously, this album is magnificent, Demi is very talented, let me caida mouth, Confident is one of the best albums of the year, for sure!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"In this Album Demi Gave it all. SHe shows That's she inst playing around.This album very cohesive they're so many different styles of each songs that all shows what a Vocalist she is. To be Honest this the best album she has created. like every songs there is none that i can't hate they are so good and every time i listen to the album it gives chills.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"YAS DEMI!! This is an amazing pop album.. EVERY music is MAGIC (spotlight for ''Old Ways'', ''Father'', ''For You'', ''Wildfire'', ''Lionheart'', ''Kingdom Come'' and ''Yes'')!!! Absolutely the album of the year :)",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is a very good album, innovative and great music. Demi Lovato really outdone themselves with this album, already knew it was going to be good, most do not imagine it would be perfect.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi showed her sexier side and surprised us with its beautiful mature voice. Congratulations to Demi Lovato for their great job and also the best of his career so far. Good job",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"AMAZINGGGGGGGG AND PERFECT!
THE QUEEN RAZED!
For sure, the best album of Demi
She's just improving every day. Every song on this album is better than the other, I am encantada!
Demi you are more than amazing, kisses!!!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi is wonderful, she showed incredible maturity compared to his last album. She killed. The songs 'Father' and 'Stone Cold' in my opinion are the best to feel his vocals and feelings, and it's amazing to hear this kind of work. I love it.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing, Kingdom Come is great song, Lion Heart too
I love alllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um lbum de amadurecimento, com vocais e batidas leves e ousadas, um dos melhores lbuns lanado em 2015 e o melhor lbum da carreira dela, ela merece tudo isso",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Confident marca uma nova fase na vida e carreira de Demi Lovato.
Cumpriu o que promoveu durante toda divulgao do seu hit-explosivo 'Cool For the Summer': amadurecimento e superficialidade. Este ltimo, Lovato mostra que no  preciso ser 'deprimente' para ter um lbum bom e consistente.
Boas letras, boas produes e vocais poderosos. Este  Confident, o incrvel novo lbum de Demi Lovato.
Para todos aqueles [no alienados] fs de msica pop, vale a pena ouvir e ver o amadurecimento musical da cantora!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This has been the best album written since DEMI. All of these songs are so powerful and can be related to on so mant level. Continue to slay queen Demetria!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"CONFIDENT is killing the fandom! SO INCREDIBLE! I'm in love with this album! All songs are strong and show to us a new way to see Demi and your work. I'm very excited for the next projects, because i hope that she just grow up after this SAMBA! I'm MORTO",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Em 'Confident', Demi faz um timo trabalho, criando um lbum coeso e que fica melhor a cada ouvida. O amadurecimento vocal  evidente em todas faixas, desde a emocionante 'Father' at a animada 'Mr. Hughes'. Lovato mostra tambm ser ecltica, ao passear em diversos estilos e se sair bem em todos eles. Neste novo disco, Demi deixa de vez a imagem de vtima e mostra atravs da msica sua nova persoanldade. Alm dos singles Cool for the Summer e Confident, destaques para Old Ways, Kingdom Come, Lionheart e Mr. Hughes.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum do ano, sem duvidas! merece grammy  maravilhoso, Demi est bem mais madura e esta muito melhor do que os outros lbuns dela no vejo a hora de poder comprar",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM OF HER! Ballads on point and amazing vocals. For me the whole album should be single with performances on TV cause this is so **** good! She get so much mature with songs like wildfire, father, lionheart and kingdom come and also make us dance till the floor with anothers songs! Congrats, Demi.",10,13,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Powerful voice certainly is synonymous with Demi Lovato, songs with lyrics very well crafted, consistent instrumental, variety of musical genre showing once again that she is a singer, to any genre, I can not stop listening ... surely is the best album of his career",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato finalmente acertou na consistncia de POP que mais lhe cabe. Depois de um som um tanto confuso em Unbroken entre  contrastes de acertos e erros gritantes , um pop genrico/chiclete  que mais fracassou que funcionou em DEMI, a ex Disney girl consegue nos trazer um POP maduro e de qualidade nesse novo marco de sua carreira. Lovato no perde sua essncia, mas corre do pblico teen nesse novo registro. Confident pode ser apelidado como 'o melhor trabalho de Demi Lovato como artista pop'.
O lbum comea com Confident, uma produo de Martin Max que funciona como um depoimento de Demi sobre sua nova verso, sua verso confiante. A msica segue a linha de Problem da Ariana Grande no refro, e  obviamente criada para ser comercial. No  uma grande msica, mas o instrumental e os vocais de Lovato, juntamente com o quo chiclete , nos deixam grudados na msica por algum tempo. O problema  que cedo ou tarde o chiclete sempre  cuspido de nossas bocas, e com Confident no  diferente. A msica se torna enjoativa aps um curto perodo de tempo.
Coisa que no acontece com Cool For The Summer, que  um dos grandes acertos pop do lbum. Uma letra sugestiva, uma produo sofisticada e nada clich, mas que ao mesmo tempo se enquadra num pop tradicional, com os vocais um tanto minimizados. Esse  o lead single do lbum, que no fez feio nas paradas e nem nos nossos ouvidos. Longe de ser chiclete, a msica ainda vicia como um, mas soa mais como uma droga ilcita, pois no conseguimos nos libertar por um bom tempo.
At que na terceira faixa Demi nos d Old Ways, que  sobre no voltar aos seus antigos vcios, no cair em tentao. A faixa tem uma produo pesada e muito bem colocada, e no peca em nenhum aspecto. Demi Lovato at abre espao para os artifcios dos produtores brincarem sozinhos durante alguns segundos, coisa que no vamos muito em seus outros trabalhos. Continuando, temos a madura For You, uma cano de tempo mdio, que nos faz lembrar Lady Gaga em alguns momentos do refro. Demi usa seus pulmes de forma intensa, trazendo  msica um sentimento extra, o que j faz parte do repertrio de Lovato. Stone Cold  uma balada, mas no tpica da cantora de Skyscraper, ela se mostra vulnervel, mas no nua, seus vocais entram pelos nossos ouvidos e caem sobre nossos coraes, tal qual Adele faz muito bem e Demi seguiu seus passos com sucesso. Stone Cold  sobre ela se conformar em no ser a mulher que far seu amado feliz, e assim, fica feliz por ele, deixando-o ir sem ressentimentos. Uma faixa madura, que faz com que tenhamos dificuldade em acreditar que  cantada pela mesma intrprete de Really Don't Care.
O lbum apresenta sua primeira colaborao em Kingdom Come, com Iggy Azalea. A msica lembra Black Widow em alguns momentos, mas claramente proposital, at porqu temos tambm Iggy, a estrela das duas msicas. Com cargas de edio ainda mais pesadas que Old Ways, Kingdom come comea sem uma introduo e termina com seu refro ecoando em nossas cabeas e suplicando por mais, aps os versos de Azalea, que no fez feio e permaneceu na faixa por um tempo generoso, em relao  outras parcerias de Lovato. Waiting for you, com Sirah  um dos grandes pontos altos do lbum, com um tom mais urban e a letra afiada. Wildfire desacelera tudo quase se tornando montona, mas isso no acontece. A letra sexy nos deixa acordados com os olhos arregalados todo o tempo, enquanto Lovato s usa toda sua potncia nos ltimos refres, deixando o resto da faixa mais suave. Lionheart parece uma tpica msica de Sia. Do ttulo aos vocais.  uma faixa emocional, uma balada com produo leve e um tempo mdio-lento.Outro grande acerto. Yes funcionaria melhor como faixa Bnus, e poderia trocar de lugar com Mr. Hughes que entra no top 5 das melhores msicas do lbum.  Ela parece toda ser feita de refro e pontes, mas no h versos de introduo. Soa como uma composio inacabada, e mesmo sendo o ponto mais baixo do lbum, ainda assim nos prende no refro, que  sobre devoo ao seu amor e dizer sim ao mesmo. Father, pra fechar o lbum, desacelera e mostra uma Demi jogada no gospel, com corais pomposos no final. A mesma pompa da introduo de Confident. Uma balada muito pessoal e ntima, uma carta aberta ao seu pai. Fica atrs de Stone Cold como melhor balada do lbum, mas entra para as melhores de Lovato.
Confident  o que Demi precisa nesse momento. Um lbum pop consistente, com a ateno e o perfeccionismo aplicados em todas as faixas e no s nos singles. O prximo passo aps esse acerto triunfal  lanar uma verso maior, com, talvez, 20 faixas com uma qualidade melhor ou igual a de seu atual lbum. Isso a consolidar e Demetria comear finalmente a ser levada a srio na indstria musical.",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira. Evoluiu imensamente, diferente de tudo que j fez, no tem uma musica ruim!!! Vocais destruidoressss :D esta impecvel, choro horrores com father...",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015, com certeza!!!! Vocais maravilhosos, msicas maravilhosas! AMEI TUDO RAINHA DO MUNDO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"That's a great album! Demi shows again her beautiful voice and technique! I also love how she mixes great pop-catchy songs, like Cool For The Summer and Kingdom Come (for me, one of the big surprises on the album) with powerful and emotional ballads like Stone Cold and Father! I definitely don't regret buying it, one of the best albums of the year!",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi mostrou com toda sua fora o talento que tem. Gostei de ver a Critica especializada reconhecendo isso. Parabns e obrigado por esse lbum maravilhoso.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"YAY! It is noticeable that there is a noticeable trend in that album. The whole construction lyrical, instrumental or vocal is perfectly felt in each displayed strip, which differentiate into each melody and becomes a material addictive and interesting to listen to and appreciate the musical evolution of its predecessors. With certainty, the Best Album of Demi.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I loved this album, best of demi and one of the best of the year I think it was one of Demi output port teen phase, Demi is very talented, his album is wonderful, I am proud of it!",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The Best Album Of The Year :)
Queen Demi
I love you so much
Este lbum merece ms de un Grammy, es increble e innovador su calidad vocal y sus diferentes gneros, lo amo",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The album is perfect, so strong, so powerful and beautiful at the same time. Demi really changed and it's for the best.
Certainly is the best pop album of the year.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato has matured a lot in this his fifth album 'Confident' she has shown his great power as a singer. This album is totally fun with rough songs to gospel, he has invested heavily in its vocal with bass and treble.More he explored his vocal faendo softer voice in some songs also the letter of the songs and their sound're wonderful. of course not everything is a charm had its cons, but are not entirely relevant to the situation.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"timas composies, voz impecvel, msicas com uma melodia chiclete que fazem voc querer danar, em Kingdom Come tudo que voc pode fazer  cantar junto por que a msica est incrivel",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"While I still hope for a more soulful and organic album in the future, 'Confident' achieves what it was meant to do: showcase Lovato's improved vocals and deliver an impressive tracklist of both emotional ballads and catchy anthems that exude her new found confidence. Definitely her best album and highly recommendable! Stone Cold is Grammy-worthy...",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"It's amazing this album, Demi's maturity is evident in the tracks ''Stone Cold''', ''Father'' and ''Lionheart''. A great future for pop music, this album proved that.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I loved the album, musicas lindas, animadas e de todo o tipo... esse ano Demi surpreendeu, songs great haha ! Demetria always rocking! I loved the songs.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album the best of the year!, Demi  lovato you are incredible, Perfect rhythms, lyrics perfect, perfect voice, many reinvention at such a young artist like her, no more nothing to say LOVATO DEMI YOU ARE THE BEST",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira da Demi!!!! Os vocais esto melhor que tudo!!!! est tudo diferente o que ela j fez em sua carreira,realmente a voz dela est impressionante e a mensagem q ela passa tambm.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album, her best actually ... Amazing Vocals, Amazing Production, Amazing Lyrics. the  versatility on each song, the powerful ballads... everything about this album is almost perfect",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um hinrio mesmo, os selenators no aceitam a supremacia da rainha e criticam, s lamento. Demi arrasou com as notas, mostrou uma nova verso dela",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Album surpreendente. Demi finalmente conseguiu se livrar dos esteritipos da disney e da fase teen. Amadureceu musicalmente e mostrou para o que veio. Com batidas originais como se pode ver em Kingdom Come, Old Ways e Waitin For You, ela explora mais a sua voz, assim como na sexy e viciante Wildfire. Com letras maduras e mais trabalhadas ela mostra todo o seu potencial nesse novo cd, como podemos ver em Stone Cold, Father e Lionheart. Alm de ter maravilhosas baladinhas como Yes e Mr. Hughes. Confident  no somente o melhor album de Lovato, como tambem o melhor album do ano!",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esses selenators amam passa vergonha o povo nojento , claro n e todos so o povinho que ta vindo aqui comenta merda e ainda da vermelho , vai achando que isso vai mudar algo ..",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"What to say about this album? It is extremely addictive! All tracks are wonderful and very good participation. Surely +1 album in my playlist as usual, always Demi. #LovaticEver",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,";;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;8888888g8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkfggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg pisa mais",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi realmente se superou no seu novo lbum, trazendo um novo som e letras timas. S tenho que dar meus parabns, Demi realmente  a melhor, melhor ERA de sua carreira, um lbum maduro.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The Title Track, Confident, says it all. Demi Lovato is back, and she brought it all to the table. The Title track itself reals you in with the loud trumpets, and the amazing bass brought all together with powerful vocals from Miss Lovato herself. The entire album as a whole flows well together, the hardcore beats (Cool for the Summer, Kingdom Come, Old Ways, etc) get you excited. Lovato also doesn't cut back on the ballads, which are a strong point here on this album although there is only two, her powerful, raw and emotional voice bring the entire message of those ballads close to home. The whole album sends a message to those who aren't confident but should be. Demi Lovato has finally outdone herself, her best album since 2011's Platinum Selling Album, Unbroken (with the Top Ten Hit 'Skyscraper' and the Top Twenty Hit, 'Give Your Heart A Break' which broke a record for fastest/longest #1 on the Pop Hot 100 Charts by the youngest female ever.) This album goes off what Unbroken was going towards, what DEMI failed to do, and she finally made it to the Demi that deserves to be recognized everywhere.  'Confident' is a pop masterpiece, brought together with amazing song writing, high class production and a message that can never get stressed enough. Do yourself a favor, and go buy this album.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Great album! Her vocals are perfect, the lyrics are amazing! She's using her strong parts and making it even stronger, so as ver sexy and powerful voice. In my opinion, Confident is the best pop album of the year and definitely of her career",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demisus trouxe o melhor de si com esse trabalho incrvel, s tenho a dar elogios para o lbum que podemos chamar de dono da discografia. No esperaria menos da rainha do pop!",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"WOW! Demi killed with this album. it's so powerful, strong and funny and I really liked.All the songs have coherence, a concept and the lyrics are incredible. I believe that Demi really changed for the best.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"demi rock's in this album, the best album of her, demi killed with this album and show how she can't sing, so powerful and strong. BEST ALBUM POP OF 2015 (until now)",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"this album, without any doubt, was the second best album of Demi full of hymnals, I love strong, could not be another note beyond 10, certainly Demi was inspired enough to do it, Demi sambou in the face who doubted her talent and sambou also the haters, the Lovatics the heart of Brazil loved this album, but I do not know what to say, just feel, this album on a scale from 0 to 10 is 11",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Mesmo sendo selenator amei o lbum, uma das minhas favoritas  Wildfire e Kingdom Come, ela merece todo o reconhecimento do mundo, os vocais esto perfeitos e tudo mais, espero que meu fandom tambm aceite a supremacia.",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Queeeeen, i'm so proud of her, Confident is her best album, she worked her ass off and now deserves everything, everything she went throught and now to see she has de conficence to make such a masterpiece like this album, PROUD.",8,11,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi fez um lbum impressionante e inovador, mostrou que sussurros no superam potncias vocais e pisou na vagabunda lazarenta da falselena gomez escorada na taylor swift",5,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Undoubtedly shows the maturity of a singer, entered on his album many different styles without losing the essence, really the best album of Demi Lovato's career and one of the best of 2015 .",9,13,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"DEMI'S BEST ALBUM TO DATE. I really loved all songs in here and wow, Demi's voice makes me happy. My favorite songs are 'Wildfire' 'Father' 'Stars', well, all songs are nice. I love her new style. Well done Demi :)",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"ALBUM OF THE YEAR!! No song is alike, very well made, very well produced, very well written, Very well executed. This is the best pop record of this year hands down",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is definitly one of the best albums of the year ! Her voice is so georgeous in this album and she mixed ballad songs with extra pop songs... Her voice is just amazing !",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"This is a great, if not perfect, album by a talented artist who is beginning to show signs of versatility. I would do aways with some tracks (such as the Sirah-assisted 'Waitin For You') and other tracks could use less processing, but otherwise, this is a solid album. Highlights include the title track, first single 'Cool for the Summer,' 'Wildfire,' and 'Father.'",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Fechou o tempo mesmo viu, querida? Arrasou nos falsetes e colocou no cho todo mundo que subestimou a sua capacidade. At eu tombei com esse lbum maravilhoso. Ainda nem acredito que voc tenha feito algo to bom quanto o HWGA.",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I'm Selenator and Lovatic,I think Selenators should stop being so hater. I know Selena,she's a wonderful person,I'm sure she won't like at all Selenators talking bad things about her best friend. CONFIDENT was a incredible album and Demi putted so much energy,GREAT JOB!",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"to triste entrar nesse site e ver pessoas destruindo um lbum to bom. Eu me pergunto se elas realmente no gostaram dele ou se  s mais uma distribuio de dio e preconceito musical. Com certeza  um dos melhores lbuns pop lanados esse ano, e eu estou muito orgulhoso dessa grande mudana. GO LOVATO GO!!!",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Flawless masterpiece, the queen of pop has delivered yet again, can't say i'm surprised though! I am so proud of my Lord and Saviour Demisus Lovato Christ.",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Segura o lacre da rainha ksjdkalkjdhkdjfhdsdsjkf  melhor album socorro jksahdkjasdhajksdajkdahkajdfdasjkhdkddfkjhdfkdfjahkasjhaskbmnasbfmnasgjhfhkahjfdjs",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The track list for the Deluxe Edition of Revolve was arranged well. The first track of Revolve, self titled and narrated by Idris Elba. Idris gives a really strong voice in narrating especially that 'we are strrronng' phrase. I like how they transition to the next song All My Heart. John then comes in with that strong voice to show he still has it in him. The song produced and written alone by Newman was a strong kick starter. Next song to Something Special. And it really is something special when John gets a group of gospel singers to help him. He uses them in several other songs later. Can we feel it with the lights down? He sure can't in the next song Lights Down, it starts of with a similar tone to a Daft Punk song. Then the catchy 'Come and Get It' track. And the mainstream EDM track by Calvin Harris and John, Blame plays off after 'Come and Get It'. After that it goes to  Never Give It Up. A groovy song. Lyrically good for me as it relates to me a lot. Tiring Game comes next with those gospel singers again. With the help of Charlie Wilson too of course. Next track is Give You My Love. This one also had gospel singers. I like the irony of how he wants to give 'you' his love, and then the next track he says that he isn't your man in 'I'm Not Your Man'. One of two ballads of Revolve. The next track seems to be about marriage? Its named 'Called It Off' and the lyrics seem to touch on that topic. Next, Killing Me. Lyrics is about a girl playing games with John and he is dying to stop playing, as if it is Killing him. One of deluxe tracks then plays, The Past. The 2nd ballad of Revolve. It is about John reminiscing his past with his ex. One of my favorite tracks on Revolve. The final track is 'We All Get Lonely'. The only song I like the least. Almost 80% Gospel. Gospel style isn't really my thing. But its just one track off 14 total. So it doesn't matter much. This album overall displays John's power in writing, singing and producing. He definitely revolved. Revolve is one of those albums much worth the money.",1,3,"Oct 25, 2015"
10,"This album is really amazing. The best songs are 'Revival', 'Rise', 'Hands To Myself', 'Good For You', 'Me & The Rhythm', 'Kill Em With Kindness' and 'Camouflage'. Slay Selena!",71,90,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"This perfect album, loved selena you are to be congratulated. Each soft music to listen to, some dancing music, some songs touching the heart. Great composition, production.",7,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Selena is being sexy without being vulgar in this new album. It shows that she really grows up, and this work will take a turn in her career . One of the best albums of 2015.",7,7,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"With Kill Em With Kindness, Hands to Myself, Sober and Perfect, Revival can be my favorite Selena's album. The lyrics and her feelings are so real, I think people will love it. She deserves the best, because it's her in this album, it's her moment. She's free, confident and strong. She finally knows who she is, and the album tell what she was afraid to say.",7,7,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Selena is amazing I love this album so much revival the best pop album of 2015!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",7,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"*REVIVAL es un excelente lbum que muestra a una Selena Gomez mas madura y vulnerable hacia la msica pop y a otros gneros demostrando fortaleza y superacin hacia las criticas que recibi mostrando que ante las peores situaciones es mejor levantarse y mantenerse arriba..!!
*REVIVAL is an excellent album that shows a Selena Gomez more mature and vulnerable to pop music and other genres to demonstrate strength and overcoming the criticism he received showing that in the worst situations is better to get up and stay up .. !!",6,6,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Selena managed to bring a really solid album. I wouldn't say Selena got out of her comfort zone, because half of the record is produced by her longtime partners Rock Mafia and Stargate, the latter being the producers of her biggest success back in Hollywood Records 'Come & Get It'.
She's credited in the composition of 11 tracks, what's a total new ground for her, I'd say. The lyrics are really good, as well as the productions. 'Good For You', 'Kill Em With Kindness', 'Hands to Myself' and 'Perfect' are the tracks to look up in this record.",6,6,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"This album is so unique (in an extremely good way) from anything released this decade! The lyrics are so meaningful and the melodies are so beautiful.I actually enjoy Selena's voice so much it's actually addictive because its so calming and soothing, something different than the usual screams that pop artists are doing now. Selena has definitely proved herself as a musician and deserves all the credit that she is receiving. REVIVAL is definitely Grammy worthy.",6,6,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Holy album. Selegend has blessed my ears with her sexy vocals. Thank you Selena Marie Gomez. Also, remember to buy this album on iTunes. Totally worth it. .",6,6,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"This album is truly amazing.It helped me a lot and it looks like Selena has matured a lot.As a person with self-esteem problems i found the songs very helpful.This is art,you take some songs and you put them together and you create art. I am so grateful that this album exists. Definitely the best album of this year.I hope it gets more recognition from people and not just shut it out because it's Selena Gomez.",6,6,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Perfect. A masterpiece, Selena innovated without fear and it worked. Her vocals are clearly better and the album contains a lot of hits. Revival is undoubtedly the best album 2015 album.",6,6,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Rainha amadureceu com esse lbum maravilhoso, que traz emoes de vrios tipos, outras esto tentando ser sexys compondo sobre relao lsbica e com mai to apertado que deixa uma pata de camelo no meio das pernas...",5,5,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez surpassed herself, she gave the most heartfelt and nostalgic album of his career, I have no words to describe how wonderful it is to hear Kill Em With Kindness, Hands to Myself and Survivors! JUST AMAZING!!!",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
7,"Best Selena Gomez album, although most songs are monotone. The best track is Nobody and the worst is Me & my girls. I was expecting less from her. Am I the only one that hears Charli XCX on Same old Love?",4,4,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Good for we... Perfect! Best album of the 2015. Melhor lbum de 2015. Sambou, tombou!
//////////////////////",4,4,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of Selena, remembering that she wrote 11 of the 16 songs from the album. Deserves a good score on Metacritic.Congratulations Selena, I love you",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"MELHOR ALBUM DA CARREIRA DESSA CABEUDA melor q qualquer coisa produzida por aquele canal disney na sua gerao  selena gomez humilde linda e rainha das empreguetes vulgo **** Cyrus e Bolo Lovato",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Este album es una joya del pop, Slaylena is Back! Canciones como Camouflage, Rise, Sorbe, Perfect y Nobody te hacen dar cuenta de la calidad con la que se produjo este maravilloso album y del mayor rendimiento vocal por parte de Queen Gomez :*",4,4,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"No tem uma msica ruim, sequer 'morna', desde a balada com base de piano 'Camouflage', at as provocativas 'Me & My Girls' e 'Body Heat'. A identidade dela est presente em cada verso, cada batida. Simplesmente maravilhoso. No consigo listar minhas favoritas, todas so incrveis.",4,4,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"lbum incrvel, o vocal da Selena melhorou muito, msicas maduras, mais da metade com a colaborao dela. Simplesmente sensacional. Survivors, Kill em With Kidness, Perfect, Body Heat, Same Old Love e Nobody so as mais surpreendentes do lbum! Todas as faixas encaixam entre si. Revival mostrou para o que veio.",4,4,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"Revival  um lbum maravilhoso e essa era veio pra quebrar todos os argumentos que usam pra julga-la, as letras maduras, a produo maravilhosa e PRINCIPALMENTE a evoluo vocal. 2015 com certeza tambm  um ano da Selena.",4,4,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"Good Job Selena! This album is pure gold, amazing songs I wanna say that Sober is a really powerful song, Same Old Love is amazing and Kill Em with Kindness is pure perfection",4,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um lindo lbum,com belas composies e da pra saber que atrs de cada msica tem uma histria tem uma verdade, esse  definitivamente o renascimento de Selena Gomez",4,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"Revival no doubt is a good album , it's a rebirth for Selena 's career. Selena gave a great evolved , my favorite tracks are Revival and Nobody. I loved!",3,3,"Oct  9, 2015"
9,"This truly has to be Selena's best album yet.
She finally broke out of her shell. We all know Selena as the young Disney girl who always sings annoying generic pop songs but today she released a record that will surely change her entire career. Finally, an attention worthy album. 'Hands to Myself' is hands down the best song in the entire album.",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
9,"De longe o melhor lbum da Selena e um dos melhores do ano. Fico feliz em ver que ela amadureceu bastante musicalmente. Gostei bastante do lbum, sua voz  boa, as letras, sonoridade, enfim, a msica em si. Pisou rainha",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Selena realmente me impressionou com esse lbum. Mais madura em suas letras, ela amadureceu bastante e provou que tem garra, ela vai longe desse jeito. Selena conseguiu o seu reavivamento, ela passou por muitas coisas e at hoje ainda passa e tudo o que ela passou at aqui inspiraram esse lindo lbum, um verdadeiro hinrio do pop, Selena est de parabns pelo trabalho e que ela possa evoluir muito mais na msica ela merece todo o sucesso.",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"This is by far the best Selena's album. Her voice is so much better. For her this album is amazing! Camouflage shows how amazing her voice is. Loved it",3,3,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"rainha ne nom
This is her best album, i'm so proud of her, my favorite songs are Revival, Rise and Camouflage, she put her heart and soul on this album, and this is why this album is her revival",3,3,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"O melhor album sem duvidas dela. Conseguiu tirar completamente tudo de negativo que envolvia a sua voz e mostrou que mesmo no tendo a extenso to grande que pode ser boa cantora sim! Potencial muito bom, musicas muito boas!",3,3,"Oct 12, 2015"
7,"Revival  um timo lbum e representante na industria Pop, porm faltou mais produo nas musicas para que no se tornassem to repetitivas. Sem dvidas o melhor lbum da Selena, e o mais maduro. Selena cresce cada vez mais na msica e em seus trabalhos.",3,3,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"The best album of 2015. Selena gave us new sounds that are amazing. Her vocals don't sound auto-tuned. It has Latin vibes, R&B, Pop and Gospel. Every song is different and every one has it own 'magic'. Highlights: Revival, Hands To Myself, Rise, Perfect, Sober & Body Heat.",2,2,"Oct 18, 2015"
10,"Honestly, I've never been much of a Selena fan. In the past I've found much of her music to be generic and not to my taste.
However, after massively loving Good For You, Same Old Love, and Me & the Rhythm I decided to give the album a chance. Credit where credit is due, this may just be my album of the year. The album shows a whole new side to Selena - a mature, confident side that I hope we'll see more of in the future.
I may have just been converted to a Selenator!",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Um lbum bom, o melhor da carreira de Selena, claro que quando ouvimos Same Old Love e Good for You espervamos mais, mas no so todas as msicas que so ruins, o lbum merece mais que cinco singles, mas uns sete, claramente vemos uma cantora que deixou de ser teen e se aperfeioou na msica, o seu vocal est melhor, junto de Miley, Selena mostra o que  ser uma teen de verdade e com qualidade.",2,2,"Oct 10, 2015"
9,"Gracias a canciones tan potentes como Good For You y Me & The Rhythm o videoclips tan impresionantes como Same Old Love, Revival se ha convertido en uno de los mejores lbumes de la joven texana Selena Gmez. Con una portada bastante atrevida en su Edicin Deluxe, pretende llamar la atencin con su notable belleza. Revival es un lbum que no te dejar indiferente, ya que tiene un trabajo detrs de cada cancin que es realmente admirable.",2,2,"Oct 10, 2015"
7,"Harika bir albm eer iyi tekli seimleri yaparsa #1 numara karabilir, Bence en iyi arklar; Kill Em With Kindness, Camouflage, Survivors ve Sober :)",2,2,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"This album is soo good. One of the best albums of 2015 by far. It gives great messages to people for staying strong but without losing the wonderfull alternative sound. The songs are nearly impeccable and they combine catchy pop music with rnb mindi tempo pop alternative sound. Addiotionally, i will never understand why 'Nobody' and 'Perfect' are not in the standart album edition, because they are excellent. I think that Gomez deserves a Grammy nomination for that.
Best Songs: Almost every one",2,2,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"Her best album yet. It varies from exciting midtempos and ballads to upbeat energetic dance jams. Her voice is very chameleonic. Great production, enjoyable and exciting at every time, really original and with a wide range of music styles in it.",2,2,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"selena's amazing, the album is her best. she has improved so much and i am really proud. slay, selena! Revival, Kill Em With Kindness and Camouflage are my favorite, definately.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The most beautiful thing about the album is that Revival was the first album that Selena made working 100% with her soul, you can feel her words in songs. The fact that this album is her best album just make it more amazing. The best records, for me, are 'Sober', 'Camouflage' (is just her and the piano, so emotional), 'Hands to Myself', 'Good For You' and 'Perfect', but if I had to say all the songs that I liked, I would have to list all the track list.",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This album is my perfect concept about the true pop, Selena's voice is killer in this masterpiece no doubt I will support this era, to me is the best album of 2015! Congratulations Selena!",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"Selena Gomez era sempre a Teen com o lbum mais genrico e cheio de msicas apenas pra 'hitar', observar a evoluo dela neste lbum  incrvel, msicas calmas, melodias perfeitas, s enjoa pra quem no sabe apreciar msica de qualidade.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Revival is simply the best of Selena, she clearly putted her heart and soul on this album, her evolution as an artist is breathtaking and surprising. The album has a soft sexiness that is really comfortable and good to feel, her latin traces was explored on the best way and it sounds perfect. A work of art, an amazing job, a revival as an artist.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez proves with this record that she's taking her career to more mature and serious level than what she used to do before. Since the moment she released 'The Heart Wants What It Wants', she proved to be more confident with her voice, her style and her vibe. I listened to all her records and I can say by far that this one is her best and it's not just an improvement from previous efforts, it's maybe the second best 2015 record I've heard this year (right after Honeymoon by Lana Del Rey). Every songs on this record smells confidence, sexiness and maturity. Keep it that way Selena because it's in that sound that you're the best.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Perfect, revolutionary, certainly Selena is empowered to be the new pop princess showed an album more mature showing all of himself and his life, congratulations",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"My favers is: Me & The Rythm, Rise, Camouflage, Me & My Girls and Cologne. This is album of the year and best job of Selena. She makes all amazing and perfect, different of everything she ever had.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! This is definitely the best pop album of the year :) I just can't stop listening 'Revival', 'Kill 'Em With Kindness' and 'Camouflage'! I advise everyone to buy it!",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Hypnotic album with improved vocals. This album really shows her versatility as an artist. I'm proud at the development through her music. Her best album. No song is similar; all different and beautiful. My favourites are Revival, Me & the Rhythm, Perfect. I really recommend this.",2,2,"Oct 21, 2015"
10,"This is the sound that it makes me take Selena Gomez more serious as an artist. Songs like 'Revival', 'Camouflage' and the top-5-hit 'Good For You' are made for the critics, sayin' to them 'Hey, look at me. I'm all grown up.'",2,2,"Oct 24, 2015"
9,"This is the best album of Selena Gomez and we all agree with it. I mean, this is not a 100% likeble album because 2 or 3 tracks that are boring, but the other tracks are SO good. So ' Revival' band with the name of the CD itself, is not a bad song as most of the songs that give name to albums ( with other artists ) , the track is very interesting because it has a touch of sensuality in the rhythm with a letter goes seriously. 'Sober ' , ' Nobody' and 'Perfect' are my favorite tracks on the CD because they are very sexy and report some experiences I've had in life , which is very interesting because it is very good when the artist behind your experience through a song and when that touch millions of hearts . 'Good For You' is a wonderful music if not for the A $ AP destroying the track , seriously , she could have chosen a better rapper. And do not get that I'm disrespecting his work to prove because the comments you tube music video without it.",2,2,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"Revival is such an amazing album it is so authentic and truly speaks of who she is and what she feels. I honestly think this should be at least nominated for best pop album next year at the Grammys.",2,2,"Apr 15, 2016"
8,"Selena's albums all felt the same, except A Year Without Rain - that kinda felt different.
This album has a similar but much stronger effect. This is a totally new Selena, with totally new sounds & lyrics.
Not only has she executive produced it, she has also been listed in the composition of 11 songs which in my opinion has contributed to the difference the listeners feel in this album.
The album, in my opinion, is divided into: empowerment songs, love-linked songs, and songs that should not be there.
Empowerment songs of Revival: 1. Revival (self-empowerment) // 2. Kill Em With Kindness (self-empowerment & dealing with the world full of negativity) // 8. Me & The Rhythm (empowering you to lose yourself to the music/the rhythm) // 11. Rise // 12. Me & My Girls (themes of female power).
Love-linked songs: 3. Hands to Myself // 4. Same Old Love // 5. Sober // 6. Good For You // 7. Camouflage // 13. Nobody // 14. Perfect // 15. Cologne
Songs that should not be there: 9. Survivors & 10. Body Heat. These songs feel like they've been written in 10 seconds, they feel like a total waste of Selena's skills and a lack of representation of her abilities.",2,2,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"The whole album is amazing since 'Revival' to  'Rise'. Also the Deluxe Version is also amazing. Every single track is really good. Revival is a Masterpiece.",2,2,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"''Revival''  de longe o melhor trabalho da carreira da cantora e atriz Selena Gomez.
Uma evoluo muito grande em comparao ao seu sem personalidade ''Stars Dance'', primeiro trabalho sem o ''The Scene''. H grande influncia latina e de subgneros de R&B atual no disco, alm da grande predominncia pop. Assim como ''Confident'' de sua amiga e ex-companheira da Disney, Demi Lovato, ''Revival'' tem como grande inspirao o conceito do lbum do incio da dcada passada de Christina Aguilera, 'o grammyado' ''Stripped'', que fala sobre liberdade, sensualidade e afirmao de maturidade. A capa da edio de luxo traz Selena Gomez em uma posio estratgica ao conceito do lbum, seminua em preto e branco, o que aproxima ainda mais a ex-estrela dos Feiticeiros de Waverly Place da influncia do polmico e controverso disco de 2002 de Aguilera.
Os principais destaques ficam por conta do carro chefe, ''Good For You'' que contm a participao do rapper A$ap Rocky, ''Hands To Myself'' que  uma produo do sueco Max Martin - artista por trs dos ltimos sucessos de Taylor Swift e Ariana Grande, ''Same Old Love'' que contm letra e vocais de fundo de fundo da punk-pop Charli XCX, alm das faixas ''Sober'', ''Me & The Rhytm'' e ''Body Heat'' e das bnus exclusivas da edio de luxo ''Me & My Girls'' e ''Nobody''.",1,1,"Nov  2, 2015"
6,"TO AQUI PRA DAR MINHA CRITICA, E EU NAO GOSTO MUITO DA SELENA, POREM SURPREENDEU-ME COM ALGUMAS MUSICAS ENTAO NOTA 6. BJOS! AT O PROXIMO ALBUM PESSOAL!",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"I got surprised when Selena released 'The Heart Wants What It Wants', because she's changed her style in this song; a mature style that pointed her out of the other teen singers. And Revival shows that in all the tracks. Selena is more aggressive and confident in the album, singing in a sexy and romantic way. Her vocals became better and the tunes match them very well. So, the album is clear and subtle, there are some negative points, but the album is still awesome and Revival shows that she can become a mega star in a while. 'Good for You' and 'Me & the Rhythm' are the best tracks, and 'Hands to Myself' is one of the best pop songs that I've heard in 2015.",1,1,"Oct 26, 2015"
9,"This is Selena's best album. I think she made a mistake about the bonus tracks. Me & My Girls could be on the Standard version, just like Perfect. Anyway, this is a personal album, songs like ''Revival'', ''Camouflage'', ''Rise'' show us a Selena with a big artistic power. The lyrics do not disappoint, and the production is impeccable, and in my opinion, Revival x Confident is a fool fight, people should focus on the sound of the albuns.
Revival 10/10
Kill Em With Kindness 9/10
Hands to Myself 10/10
Same Old Love 10/10
Sober 7/10
Good for You 8/10
Camouflage 10/10
Me & the Rhythm 9/10
Survivors 8/10
Body Heat 10/10
Rise 8/10",1,1,"Dec 24, 2015"
6,"Metacritic is becoming a bias database of alleged music critics. This album was well done by Selena. Only people who actually like the pop genre will have a valid and reliable review. So many haters. So if you don't like pop stay out of this review.",1,1,"Oct 18, 2015"
7,"Selena's definitely improving a lot! Revival's a great album and it's a lot more mature than her other albums. Revival, Sober, Good For You, Me & The Rhythm, Perfect, and Cologne are some album highlights. There is a bit too much filler, though, and they're not great. But overall, it's a solid album.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"Selena has finally found her sound & made her own name as an artist. Revival shines through with enough variety to give even the biggest names in music a run for their money. Songs such as 'Hands To Myself' & 'Me & The Rhythm' breathe life into modern day pop music and redefining it was we speak. While not being the best vocalist, Gomez makes up for that by having an enjoyable voice utilized in different & unique ways through great pop songs. She has grown up the most gracefully compared to her young disney peers, unlike Cyrus she has a bubbly personality without the scandals & unlike Lovato, she doesn't try hard and has a natural charm. This album is pop music at its best & it is worth a listen as I recommend it to anyone of any age.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"The sexy languorous Selena has finally 'bloomed' like a flower. You can hear her sexy, elegant and glamorous voice taking a walk around those songs dropping  some sexy whispers here and there ... The production is perfect, much more professional than her last album. The pop songs have their own charms ( I love 'Me and The Rhythm' ) . Selena Gomez pop formula is perfectly working.When you see her on TV all glamorous and sexy ... you can perfectly hear that in her album. This is the more personal album she   wanted it to me at her image.  It is",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"A piranha acordou.
Este trabalho s me deixou mais ansiosa pensando no que ainda vai vir. Inicialmente Selena dizia que cantava por hobbie, nunca levou a srio tal profisso mas agora els realmente renasceu, passou um ano trabalhando no melhor lbum da carreira, lbum esse que se tornou um dos melhores lbuns do ano. As composies esto boas (embora algumas letras tenham refres repetitivos demais), a sonoridade foi 'a needle into the vein'.
S tenho elogios, foi realmente um renascimento.
Perfect >>>>>",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is a REVIVAL! Selena meu amor, sempre estarei com voc. timo acompanhar sua evoluo, mostre a todos quem voc realmente , um ser humano maravilhoso e talentoso.
E aos que esto dando notas vermelhas pra essa Bblia, que Deus abenoe vocs e que as notas (vulgo ruins) que deram pra ela voltem em dobro pra sua dolazinha, beijos.",1,1,"Oct 19, 2015"
10,"Amazing album! It's sonority is deep and resonant.
The Best songs are 'Good For You', 'Me & The Rhythm', 'Camouflage', 'Rise', Kill Em With Kindness', 'Same Old Love' and the title track.",1,1,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez , the delay for this album was too much, but when released , I thought, was worth the wait more months for another wonderful album, their conquitas does not stop here , you have much to go on with this album",1,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year",1,1,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Uma mudana radical no estilo musical da Gomez, algo que caracteriza uma Selena adulta, responsvel, forte, e confiante, com msicas sentimentais profundas, incentivadoras, e poderosas, sem dvidas, o melhor lbum do ano.",1,1,"Oct 12, 2015"
9,"Selena shows all her maturity in her new record. With an angelical voice, she proves that now is her moment (and nobody could stole her spotlight). Revival is a inspirational and personal song.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"(smarturl.it/SGRevival) This album is amazing, her best album hands down! Songs like Good For You are really fresh and Hands To Myself is easily the best pop song of 2015. Great job Selena!",1,1,"Oct 28, 2015"
10,"Selena's vocals, the sound, everything in this album is too good to be true!!! It's the first album of hers that i've bought. It's just really really really good!!!",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing. All songs have a meaning even if some could possible be forgettable. All of the songs are relaxing and mostly chill. Just the right amount of everything with Gomez's voice fitting every song. I would definitely recommend the deluxe edition which includes the amazing 'Nobody' (which is about God) and the perfect 'Perfect'. Besides those there are more outstanding songs as 'Sober'  and 'Camouflage'. 'Hands To Myself' definitely stands out as one of the best songs on the album, she just can't keep her hands to herself (I mean she could but, why would she want to?).The sultry 'Good For You' screams greatness as does 'Same Old Love' the perfect break-up song. 'Kill Em With Kindness' speaks for itself and an amazing song to listen to when you're not feeling too good about yourself. The most anticipated song 'Revival' has all different vibes put together which complements each and everything on there. Then we get to the more upbeat songs as the Latino-flavored 'Body Heat' and the boss 'Me & My Girls', which talks about Selena and well her 'girls' including a bit of Spanish lyrics. 'Me & The Rhythm' is easily most people's favorite as it has this irresistible disco-inspired beat which you can't help but to dance to. 'Rise' speaks about rising over everything when you're feeling down and feeling confident and it has this amazing gospel feel. Lastly, there's 'Survivors' which has a very mellow and soft vibe to it. Overall, this is her best album surpassing 'Stars Dance' 's killer dance tracks. This is all about what she has been feeling for the past two years and talks about many things. Very interesting album. 10/10",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
7,"Another 'real me' album, it's not the best but it's a good one . Good lyrics, good music. Nice one Sel.
Best 5 songs:
- Sober
- Camouflage
- Perfect
- Me & The Rhythm
- Hands To Myself.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2015"
10,"Vai se foder, lbum  otimo!!!!!!!!!!!  Pisou em atar dance (brincadeira) otimos vocais, tudo lindo toda top toda modelo!! Melhor album dela, e segundo melhor do ano! Me fode ate nao poder mais Selena",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Amei,Selena Gomez chegou com tudo e calou a boca de todos que falavam mau dela,Sober  perfeito,Super adulta e madura,este ano  dela sem duvidas! Parabns Selena.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOO MEU AMOR PISOU DEMAIS PISOU NOS HATERS PISOU NA _ _ _ _ EM TODO MUNDO!!!!!!! MERECIA 100 MAS FICOU COM 70 POR CULPA DA DEMO
MELHOR ALBUM VAI DEBUTAR COM 1KKK AINDA *-----* NAO POSSO ESTAR MAIS ORGULHOSA",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the album of the millennium, stepped in some fans of certain former friends of hers who doubted their ability, queen stepped without promise, note more than deserved.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of 2015 and the best album of the carrer of selena, she works so hard and give all the best she had, greatful album, greatful songs.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Queen same, it really was a revival and she returned with everything, a more mature album and unlike anything she did, showed her potential, both vocally and in their side songwriter, of 16 songs she participated in the composition of 11, we can see that this album was rather more of it, had more transparency about her and about your current level! I'm surprised! Proud to be her fan, she killed it",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Ive never heard a Selena Gomez album before, but a couple months ago i heard a single of hers 'Good For You', i was suprised by how much i liked it, it had a great melody coupled with her sultry vocals and brilliant instrumentation. I then heard this album. Revival the first track on this album is a great opener with brilliant instrumentation and a great chorus with great lyrics. Kill Em With Kindness is a chill track to overcome thd haters, and has a great whistle tune with more brilliant instrumentation. Then we have the Max Martin track which is hilariously cute and sexy, with her great delivery and fantasic beat. The rest if the album never really fails anywhere, every single songs is strong and i really predict some grammy noms here!",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"album incrivel, diferente de tudo que ela ja fez, espero que ela faa mais albuns assim!!
nota 10 album muito bom, mercece ser indicado ao grammy, otimo",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Sinceramente este  o melhor lbum dela, um lbum com vocais maravilhosos, a rainha surpreendeu mesmo. Batidas timas, letras timas, um lbum maduro, est sendo uma era maravilhosa para Selena Gomez.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Este  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de 2015. Selena melhorou muito no seu vocal e trouxe canes maravilhosas. As melhores msicas so Cologne, Sober e Survivors.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"MARAVILHOSA AMEI O ALBUM PISOU PISOU ARRASO NOSSA OTIMO SOBER MELHOR MUSIA A NAO A MELHOR  HANDS TO MYSELF AI NAO A MELHOR E REVIVAL AI SLA O ALBUM INTEIRO  OTIMO menos me & my girls credo mas vo da 10 arraso piso na",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is really amazing, this is her REVIVAL.Body heat,good for you,perfect and me and my girls are my fav.SELENA IS WORTH A GRAMMY. GOOD FOR YOU IS WORTH A GRAMMY. REVIVAL IS WORTH A GRAMMY.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"'Selena Gomez wills a new era of her career into existence within the first two minutes of her second solo album. 'Its my time to butterfly,' she sings on the self-care anthem 'Revival.' The Gomez of this relaxed, confident pop collection butterflies with such ease that it feels like shes revealing her true personality for the first time. Where some former child stars tack toward aggressive maturity when they reach their twenties, Gomez finds ways to transcend that cliche. Her brand of sexiness has a coy, subtle quality that never tries too hard, from the fun, flirty 'Hands to Myself' to the blissed-out 'Survivors' to the intoxicating 'Me & the Rhythm'  a riff on the classic theme of losing yourself on the dance floor ('Everybody wants to be touched/Everybody wants to get some') that nonetheless finds her sounding completely in control of her own euphoria.
Soaring past the harsh-though-catchy EDM beats of 2013s Stars Dance and the shallow angst of her previous work with the pop-rock project the Scene, the former Disney star finds a new comfort zone in this albums warm, tropical beach-pop sound. 'Body Heat' brings Latin fusion into Gomezs mix like never before and proves that she doesnt need Zedd (the German producer behind her recent dance chart-topper 'I Want You to Know') to make a genuine club banger.
Gomez doesnt have the vocal chops of her Disney compadres and sometime competitors Miley Cyrus and Demi Lovato, but she makes up for it here by finding a new malleability in her voice. She takes on a punk-soul Charli XCX inflection on 'Same Old Love,' a highlight cowritten by XCX, and elsewhere builds on the clipped, breathy indie-pop vocals that made lead single 'Good For You' a mold-breaking hit this summer. Revival is an audacious name for a 23-year-old singer's second album, but from start to finish, Gomez earns it. This is the sound of a newly empowered pop artist growing into her strengths like never before.' - Rolling Stone review",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is by far her best work to date.
Won't go too deep into the review, but if I'm to summarize it in a few words, those would be - Mature, Sonical and vocal improvement, New persona, artistic and sensible lyrics.
This album isn't perfect however it is clearly next to it and shows us a more vulnerable, yet confident side of Selena aswell.
Nearly all of the tracks standout but my personal favourites (only by a slight margin) would be: Perfect, Kill Em with Kindness, Hands to Myself and Body Heat.
Kudos to Selena for such a huge improvement and I hope the best for her future career.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Selena has improved tremendously with this record. It feels like this is the first cohesive album she delivered that also includes a message. It's her first album i can actually appreciate as an album and not just individual singles really. I do find it interesting however that the standard and the deluxe version include slightly different versions of the standard track 'Rise'. In my opinion 'Same Old Love', 'Sober' and 'Me & My Girls' are the standout tracks.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"what a masterpiece, this is the kind of music i was waiting for from selena she is a talented young woman who has a lot of power, game changing album highly recommended",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"It's the best album i've ever seen! shes growing up even more, and she tells everything to take care of our hearts! it's greatfull to listening to this album!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album by Ms. Gomez. Her best album yet, exeeds her poppy EDM 'Stars Dance' era by so much. This is truly her REVIVAL.    .",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Revival is the best album of 2015. No joke, it's so pure and fresh. It's a must have! So Great!! From 'Revival' to 'Perfect' (bonus track) it has such a great feel, i felt what she was going through!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I used to love Selena's catchy pop songs (Naturally, A Year Without Rain, Love You Like A Love Song, Who Says, and the others which didn't become singles), but this album is a masterpiece, pretty much different than everything she released before.
'Revival', 'Kill 'Em With Kindness', 'Hands To Myself', 'Good For You', 'Survivors', 'Rise', 'Perfect' and 'Cologne' are songs that nobody could ever imagine she would record for this new era. I believe that 'Sober', 'Same Old Love', 'Me & The Rhythm' and 'Outta My Hands' are more predictable when it comes to Selena's albums, but they also sound quite amazing - by the way, I'm claiming for Sober as her new single!
I'm head over hill with this album - it's one of my favorites from 2015.
As she said, she's been taking singing classes during the years, and she finally proved everyone that she's better than before, and finally found her sound!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Selena est na melhor fase da carreira dela. Esse lbum  perfeitamente adulto e maduro assim como ela, as msicas so uma melhor do que a outra e totalmente viciante. Selena rainha como sempre, proud to be a selenator!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
8,"This album is good but nothing that we've never heard! I think Selena finally find her tone and this album represents this!! My favorites are 'Me & The Rhythm' and 'Sober'!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I've always had faith in Selena's genuineness. I've always loved her music and appreciated her carefree and fun way of being the soundtrack to my adolescence so for her to have reached her REVIVAL, it's something very important to my own growth. The album (especially the title track) speaks to me spiritually.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"It has been transformed over time and showing what has come! 'Revival' is really the triumphant return of Selena Gomez. The songs are quite addictive and enthralling. 10 without a doubt!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"She didn't make an album for charts, she made for fans and for herself. We can feel her emotions, and her voice is better than never. The album has a great sound and a little bit of everything that Selena support, like God with 'Nobody', girl power with 'Me & My Girls' and the message in the lyrics of 'Kill 'Em With Kindness' that we have to stop the fight and be mature because 'no war in anger was ever won'... It is just beautiful the way that she inspire what she believes. And we have the fun part of the album with some fast songs like Me And The Rhythm, Body Heat, Loco, Hands to Myself... This songs make the album more fun and it doesn't let the album became boring. I'm really excited to see Selena Gomez telling her stories now that she is in control of her life more than never.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Is really a revival of Selena! Perfect! Creative! Emotional! Half Mexican! Wonderful! Selena are congratulations.. Cover beautiful.. and Rise is my favorite! Very Thanks Selena!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"So good! Selena has an amazing potential. Revival no doubt is a good album , it's a rebirth for Selena 's career. Selena gave a great evolved , my favorite tracks are Revival and Nobody. I loved!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"amazing album! It shows a different and truthful side of selena.  The album reflects over everything about life, the album deserves album of the year.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"No conhecia a banda/cantor at ento, e estou particularmente bem espantado com a qualidade desse lbum, da produo e das letras. Posso dizer que foi um dos lbuns lanados em 2016 que mais me agradou. As pessoas deviam dar mais visibilidade para artistas como esse, deviam ser devidamente valorizados.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2016"
10,"Com melodias menos genricas mas seguindo o que est na moda nos dias de hoje, o Tropical House, e com composies mais trabalhadas, 7/27 demonstra realmente que Fifth Harmony amadureceu de um lbum para o outro, no tirando os mritos do Reflection, porm, 7/27 realmente demonstra a 'cara' das garotas do Fifth Harmony. Destaques: All In My Head (Flex) que tendo Dinah e Lauren como vocais principais trouxe um amadurecimento bastante notrio para a faixa; No Way com Lauren comandando os vocais foi genial, seus vocais mais 'obscuros' trouxeram um intimismo sem tamanho para a msica; Gonna Get Better demonstrou toda a potncia vocal e a emoo que a voz de Ally pode ter e transmitir e I Lied que houve uma sincronia harmnica dos vocais incrivelmente surpreendedora.",16,19,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",10,10,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing! It is definitely complete: every thing is very well structured, from voice to music and lyrics. Most of the songs are up tempo. Composition includes some saxophones in That's My Girl, many dance elements, some pop and r&b and some reggae influences. This album is so catchy but well worked at the same times!",9,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Podemos nos vangloriar de 7/27! Diferente do lbum anterior delas, Reflection, ele no  composto somente por msicas festivas e vocais agitados, mas com msicas mais tranquilas e com vocais mais calmos mas sem deixar as batidas marcantes no fundo de lado, deixando muito difcil no se apaixonar pelo lbum.",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good -",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"It's a really good album, I loved it. I think it's a great 'comeback' after Reflection. Well done, girls. I can't wait to see you perform live in my country :D",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  muito diferente de outras eras musicais delas. Apesar de haver alguns deslizes como a falta de solos para algumas integrantes como Dinah em 'The Life' e Ally em 'I Lied, e tambm um destaque maior para Lauren que lidera grande parte das msicas, o albm segue uma linhagem tecno tropical em grande parte das msicas que pode ser bem adotado por qualquer que no queira generalizar o gnero como pop",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum  realmente muito bom! Finalmente encontramos algo menos genrico e comum, o lbum apresenta grandes canes com letras e ritmos incomparveis. Claramente podemos ver que as notas usadas com 0 para esse cd no apresentam fundamento e sentido. Um dos melhores lbuns de 2016, perdendo apenas para Beyonc Ariana Grande.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
9,"This album is the definition of growth, which is especially shown in songs like Dope, I Lied, No Way, Gonna Get Better and All In My Head (which are my favourites). All 5 of their voices shine in this album, each member having moments that will leave you speechless (some more than others). The production on this album is also IT, especially on That's My Girl which is such an anthem. Would've given it 10/10 if it wasn't so damn short.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Com um lbum de som muito mais maturo e muito mais a 'cara' do grupo, as meninas do Fifth Harmony simplesmente mostraram que a super produo do disco no foi a toa. Me surpreendi com a qualidade das musicas em relao as da 'era Reflection'. A distribuio de solos foi feita perfeitamente, sem focar em apenas uma integrante e vejo que finalmente conseguiram mostrar o potencial vocal de cada uma nesse lbum.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Pop perfection! The perfect mix of songs to dance to & ballads. That's My Girl is a girl-anthem, and one of the best songs on the album. All In My Head (Flex) has awesome island vibes, definitely one of the best songs of the summer. I Lied & Dope are also AMAZING songs that people can NOT miss. Props to the best girl group of the world as in right now.",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this is what a good album sounds like. They are modern day legends. You can hear thier talent in the music. I am only typing this so I can reach the 150 limit",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is by far better than the group's first one, 'Reflection', with a lot of possible hits and really catchy songs. Their vocals are on point and is one of the biggest highlights of '7/27'. Fifth Harmony has shown with this album that they remain for another year as the best and the biggest girl group in the world.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony's sophomore album '7/27' is a monster of a banger. Unlike its predecessor, 'Reflection', '7/27' is a fearless attempt at maturity. It explores themes such as love, heartbreak, and self-actualization. As well as the group's strong point - female empowerment (most notable are the tracks That's My Girl and Not That Kinda Girl, which has legendary Missy Elliott on the track). Fifth Harmony has set themselves apart from their current counterparts by discovering their own unique sound, instead of wallowing in pop purgatory by sticking with sloppy ballads and forming their image according to the 'girl group stereotype'. The album itself is strong when it comes to the hard-hitting uptempo, but also very vulnerable and soft-spoken when it comes to more sensitive topics (No Way, Squeeze, Gonna Get Better). It is difficult to deny that in a patriarchally structured music industry, the empowering Fifth Harmony is breaking the scene.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The best album from one girlband I ever heard. Well crafted beats, lyrics very well composed (thanks, Tinashe, to be here!), and very well distributed soils. It has everything to be one of the best albums of the year.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"This is better than their lastest album, I really liked it. The only thing I didn't like was 'Not That Kinda Girl' sounds exactly like 'Donatella' by Lady Gaga, the rest is OK.
Well done, girls.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"7/27 marcou com primor o amadurecimento do grupo, vocais limpos, batidas viciantes, solos (finalmente) bem divididos, as vozes finalmente esto 'casando'. O grupo est de parabns, That's my girls!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"timo lbum,Com Musicas Muito Boas Como I Lied,Dope,No Way E Squeeze,Alm De That's My Girl,Not That Kinda Girl e Work From Home,Arrasando Cada Vez Mais....Evoluo Perfeita",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"At the outset, what a major step-up from their debut album 'Reflection'!
Like Reflection, 7/27 also talks about empowerment, but it has its vulnerable sides. Like the girls described it is close to what they went through the last year. The glo up in vocals, production, solo distribution, tonality, everything is just amazing! It is like they have included the best picks they had. This album is a perfect combination of upbeat, mid-tempo, and slow ballad. It couldn't be more perfect. They have found their sound and people are genuinely loving it. This labum has given the girls the chance to showcase their vocals that some of them couldnt do in the last album; and boy did they? Answer is yes! All the five girls equally shine and stand out in the songs. There is not one better than the other. These girls have worked hard for this and they deserve all the success. 7/27 is the best pop album to have released in a long time and that too by the biggest girl group in the world right now. I love it.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This band has had amazing growth and it is really shown on this new album. Much better production than their freshman album, it really showcases the members vocals, as well as incorporating a lovely palette a different genres that all blend together in an amazing album. solo distribution makes it possible for every girl to shine through, and there are a couple songs on this album that would be perfect to release during the summer and become the top hits of the year, like That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, and possible Dope and I Lied. this band is finally getting the recognition they deserve, and this album is the perfect way to become a permanent fixture on mainstream musics radio top hits, and maybe even a household name. Congratulations Fifth Harmony!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The album is the perfect mix for a beach trip with friends and a chill afternoon. Really dynamic. I totally enjoy it. An older, matured Fifth Harmony were much more involved in the process of this record, Were HERE for this confident, sassy anthem that encourages women to support and praise one another just like That's my Girl is. The catchy, fun nature of the album is impossible to ignore.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"DEFINITELY lyrically better than Reflection. The lyrics show a more vulnerable side of them and it seems like they weren't afraid to hold back this album! Insanely proud of these girls!",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is better better better than reflection and other girl group albums. Scared of happy, work from home, all in my head (flex), gonna get better and squeeze are my favs. All in my head will be summer jam! :)",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing, there's not a song on here I dislike. It's a lot more mature than their debut, Reflection, both vocally and topically. The themes on 7/27 focus more on intimacy and relationships but still has a strong message of female empowerment on songs like That's My Girl.",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Definitely this is the best 5H has released since Better Together, I fell in love with the new sounds, now motivational songs like 'Gonna Get Better' and romantic like 'Squeeze'",3,3,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Such an upgrade from their first album Reflection. 7/27 has a more mature sound and lyrics. Its also more complete than reflection and they show very skills with their voices. This was such a great job",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
10,"7/27 is a phenomenal album! The girls have really shown how they have grown as not only individuals but as a group also. The album consists of great upbeat songs to sing along to however, it still shows just how empowering this group of girls really are. I think this album has really given each 5H member a chance to show off their vocals and their capability in the music industry. Its clear to see how hard the girls have worked on this album and how proud theyre of the finished product, which really shines through each song. Over all I absolutely love this album especial because of the different genres of music used throughout 7/27, which really gives 5h the chance to show the world they really are the greatest girl group and why theyre are taking the music industry by storm. I honestly couldnt be prouder to call myself a harmonizer!",2,2,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"as bicha  bem e as bicha merece, diferente de outras ai que nao merecem. Patroas eternas de Little Mix, MISTURINHA TAPETE DE  FIFTH HARMONY, RESTA ACEITAR",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
9,"The album itself is amazing in production and vocals. Fifth Harmony has matured in vocals and has made more valuable production than ever. Even though I like their debut album better than their new album, this album makes them more open to the public as a girl group which those types of  groups aren't that common as much as it was in 1990s.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"Great album that shows the groups growth. That's My Girl, Dope, and I lied are real stand outs on the album. Given the quintet had a lot more creative control on this album i feel this is a better representation of who Fifth Harmony are and What message they want to convey.",7,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso! Totalmente diferente de tudo que poderiamos esperar deste grupo. Com melodias dignas e viciantes (no por serem grudentas mas por serem boas e de qualidade) e melodias contagiantes, 7/27 nos mostra um lado diferente e muito bem visto pelo seu pblico.",6,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"INCREDIBLE ALBUM! Many of the songs are potential hits. Reggae, pop, R&b, hip-hop, edm... amazing. It's definitely a step up from reflection. Missy Eliot and Fetty Wap add something to the album.",6,7,"May 28, 2016"
10,"",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Muito bom! Conseguiram se superar, trazem msicas incrveis, arrasando nas melodias e nas letras, super bem produzido, solos bem distribidos, timas colaboraes, tudo maravilhoso! Esse lbum representa melhor cada uma delas e eu estou orgulhosa demais! Valeu todos os centavos que eu investi nele.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I`m really in love with the maturity of this album, Fifth Harmony have grown some much as women and as real artists. Really excited to see what they have to show in this Era.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I love it! I love great it represents each girl! It(s a complete record: vocals, good lyrics, ballads, up tempo songs, there's a song for everyone! It shows the group's growth and i couldn't be more happy about it",6,8,"May 27, 2016"
7,"Wasn't a big 5H fan but was desperately waiting for new music from them after the success of Worth It and Work From Home. Out of the 12 songs there are 6 songs which are pretty good due to which i rated this album a 7 otherwise this album has no hopes. All the girls shine through the whole album wait fairly equal parts.
The top songs includes the first 2 singles which are Work from Home and the Fetty Wap featured track Work from Home.  Gonna get Better and Scared of Happy are the best songs on the record where Thats my Girl and Write on Me deserves an honourable mention!! The Missy Elliot collab can be skipped. As far as Grammys are concerned; it is a good contender in the POP VOCAL ALBUM category since it definitely did beat Trainor's THANK YOU album but has better contenders such as Dangerous Woman, This is Acting, Revival and Purpose. But if there is a Grammy category specifically for groups 7/27 and Work from Home both are GOOD contenders!",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"El album es asombroso, simplemente es uno de los mejores que va del 2016. Ya no son las pequeas LYLAS... Orgullo es poco. Por que hace 3 aos estaban emocionadas de que eran #2 en Tunes, y hoy son #1 en mas de 50 pases",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Felizmente, Fifth Harmony vem com um hinario cheio de ritmos no inditos, mas com uma melodia viciante como a de Thats My Girl, Scared Of Happy, entre outros hinos poderosos. Buy on iTunes!!!",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is not like any other one is original and every song have a different style,, that's why I love 5h they have so many styles and mmm *********************lauren go solo*****************",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely loved it. Girl power all the way through!
I already expected it to be an amazing album, but I was pleasantly surprised.
It was way better than I could have ever imagined.",4,6,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is a masterpiece! It shows how much the girls have matured. And that's what we want. The solo distribution is way better and they sound amazing. Scared of happy and No Way are simply perfect. The whole album is. You don't have the need to skip any song, that's how good it is. It's full of bops. I love it. Their best so far. I'm very proud.",3,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Realmente um otimo trabalho do grupo.  7/27 demonstra o amadurecimento delas apos o Reflection principalmente entre a Lauren  e a Dinah com otimos vocais",5,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"They started this album with a track that perfectly describes who they are as a group. It helps that the song is so damn catchy. It's a massive tune, and I can see it doing really well on the charts and on radio. Another stand out is All In My Head. It has a hook that gets stuck in your head. Very catchy. I Lied is amazing. The production, the vocals, the lyrics. The solo distribution could be better, but it's undeniably good. I think they showed off each of their vocals really well by the end of the album. Solid album.",2,4,"May 28, 2016"
8,"Hay sonidos demasiados gastados, como muy  pop 2010 , reciclado, pero hay letras muy bonitas :) y hay canciones en las que sus voces se lucen, pero sigo de acuerdo con que la distribucin de solos no es justa es un poco molesto eso",1,2,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is really good. It's cohesive, the vocals are great, the lyrics are fresh and relatable and the production is amazing.  A big step up from Reflection, considering their focused path in terms of sound this time around. Congrats to these ladies!",1,2,"May 28, 2016"
0,"There's just one song that is regular or good (No way). But the whole album is **** literally because isn't made by them, they did'nt write or produce so bad.",2,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Incredible album, it's pop infused with RnB, Island elements and EDM, a modern girl group masterpiece. It's very cohesive, has better lyrics and production than their previous album. It is also a lot more vulnerable. All their voices shine on this album, 'That's My Girl' and 'All In My Head Ft. Fetty Wap' are destined to be future hits after their BB Top 5 with Work from Home. I have to mention the Japanese tracks too though, 1000 Hands and Big Bad Wolf are bangers and should've been included in the deluxe.
It's great to hear the best vocalists Dinah, Ally and Lauren sing more.
No Way, Squeeze and Dope are definitely my favourites other than the ones mentioned above. But the rest of the tracks can't be ignored either, the album in its entirety is amazing.",1,3,"May 30, 2016"
6,"One might say they're manufactured. And with a good reason: they co-wrote only one song of the entire album. However, the vocals are well divided here, even if Camila gets the most solo parts (and that bothers some) and they can go from sassy and audacious to vulnerable and emotional, as well female empowering ambassadors. What really bothers here is that they don't have a defined sound, which is a reflex of their too mixed public. How can a group with 5 vocalists depend on male rappers to increase their mainstream success? For now at least it's working pretty well. But they need to take charge of their own career and define their sound if they want to stay around as a group in the long-run. Write On me, Not That Kinda Girl and That's My Girl are the highlights here.",1,9,"May 27, 2016"
0,"lbum cheio de fillers, nica coisa boa foi a diviso vocal delas que ficou mil vezes melhor que no Reflection. Mas fora isso... Chega num momento do lbum que voc torce pra acabar logo de tanta msica chata. Horrvel!",2,19,"May 27, 2016"
0,"Sounds very rushed. Not much diversity. All of the songs sound the same and end the same except for one, No Way. Not a well put together album. Listen to Dangerous Woman if you want a great album... Too rushed.",1,12,"May 30, 2016"
5,"What did i listen to? Total disappointment and it deserves to flop really badly. Along with Thank You and that Charlie Puth album, 3 of the worst albums of the decade in the same year. Well done manufactured pop stars with no substantial talent. Keep shaking your bum and make money, otherwise you won't do much better than that.",0,2,"May 31, 2016"
10,"A palavra INCRVEL no  suficiente para descrever esse albm, as meninas amadureceram muito musicalmente, de longe muito melhor que o Reflection. Os solos so perfeitamente divididos, cada uma delas mostra seus maravilhosos vocais e as harmonias so timas. O albm foi super ultra bem produzido trazendo ritmos e batidas contagiantes e gostosos de se ouvir e letras maravilhosas! Perfeito!",0,1,"May 29, 2016"
4,"Quem disse que o raio no cai no mesmo lugar duas vezes? No sei em relao ao fenmeno natural, mas em relao ao mundo da msica essa afirmao  bastante falsa. Esse  o caso da girl band Fifth Harmony e o segundo lbum delas, o mediano 7/27.
Depois de conseguirem sair do limbo quase certo com o sucesso surpresa do single Worth It  e, por isso, obterem bons frutos com o lbum de estreia delas, o Fifth Harmony repetiram o mesmo caminho para o lanamento do novo trabalho: 7/27 foi impulsionado pelo sucesso de Work from Home. Alm disso, elas repetem a mesma qualidade questionvel no lbum, apesar de entregar novos erros. 7/27  uma coleo de canes pop clichs que tiram o pouco da personalidade que as jovens mostraram no lbum anterior que puxava para um R&B urbano/pop. Dessa vez, a produo escolheu envernizar a girl band com o mais massificado do pop atual, adicionando eletropop farofa, baladas bregas, a presena nada criativa de rappers e a influncia do hip hop para criar a atmosfera radiofnica de algumas faixas. O pior, na verdade, no so as escolhas dos gneros, mas a maneira preguiosa e massificada de como a produo trabalha nas faixas como Write On Me, I Lied, Scared of Happy e Squeeze. Entretanto, o pior no  a produo de 7/27, mas, sim, as composies pobres e rasas das faixas, apesar de algumas funcionarem no quesito de criar refres grudentos. No que isso ajude a qualidade geral melhorar, pois o nvel  constrangedor. O que salva 7/27 de no ser uma verdadeira bomba atmica  o fato das cinco integrantes mostrarem algum talento vocal com a ajuda de uma produo vocal decente e a presena de alguns faixas interessantes como Not That Kinda Girl com a presena marcante da Missy Elliott, as boas No Way e Big Bad Wolf presentes nas verses especiais e, claro, o single Work from Home. At quando o Fifth Harmony ter a sorte de repetir o mesmo esquema de sucesso? Ou o grupo ir encontrar uma nova maneira de ter sucesso?",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
6,"I'll start by saying that THEY NEED TO LEARN TO GIVE PROPER DESCRIPTION OF THEIR MUSIC! I was anticipating a dc-esque album since few of them described it so however the end product is totally different. Anyway back to the main topic at hand i would say it's a pretty good album for pop enthusiast however contrary to popular belief it's not 'original' infact it lacks identity unlike their last album, which was horiible production & solo distribution wise may i add, but it still has its own singularity. moreover while girls shows off their vocality(normani doing f5 in just freaking chest voice, that ambiguos c5 in ggb, to dinah's intrinsic melisma) its genre still held them back from unleashing their potential to extreme....ps-people are only ignoring this album weak points considering lauren(fanbase fave) leads it and although her voice is worth listening tho this album still didn't do justice to her either.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"What comes with hard work is success, and in this case 5th Harmony's 2nd major LP release has showed the chemistry between each individual artist. Full of bangers, for good times and vibes, 7/27 is surely a commercial and acclaimed album.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
8,"Album full of bops. This album is incredible. It's no longer 'Camila and the others' but now everyone really shines. I like how they play with different sounds. My favorites are 'That's My Girl', 'Write On Me' and 'Squeeze'. My least favorites are 'The Life' and 'Not That Kinda Girl'. The only thing I didn't like about the album was that it was so short. 10 songs isn't a lot for a pop album. You can tell that the album was kind of rushed. Still, I like it a lot and I hope to hear more soon!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2016"
5,"No gostei nem um pouco de 7/27. As faixas so quase em sua totalidade genricas e parecem a mesma coisa. Eu fiquei at confuso, pois tudo parece to igual que s vezes eu no conseguia distinguir as msicas. Enfim, 1000 Hands e Work From Home (sim) salvaram o lbum. Dope, Squeezy e No Way so medianas tambm.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
7,"Fith Harmoney really impressed me. The EDM production is wonderful and the vocals are powerful.
Favourite tracks - Work From Home, The Life, Write On Me, Squeeze.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2016"
9,"It's already known that Fifth Harmony, unlike other groups that have one or two lead singers, is made of five great ones. This characteristic can be very beneficial, but at the same time it can be a real challenge when it's time to do the most appropriate vocal distribution. This album is able to accomplish that very well, better than the previous one; however, there's still some room for improvement on that particular aspect, in a way  that allows all the five voices shine.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony has done it yet again. Reflection was an amazing album and now they released 7/27 and it is so freaking good. It is honestly their best album so far - it has an entirely new sound and it fits them so well. You can hear all of the girls in the songs. Really good job, girls.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"The critiques lobbed against Fifth Harmony's '7/27' are all very fair. Even at its 'worst' the songs are still complete pop perfection. In all honesty there were only two skippable tracks, and the rest, even the ones that come off as 'chasing trends' are still tons of fun. Yes, it's true that the album kind of lacks any recognizable identity but for so many girl groups their identity was 'girl power' and songs like 'That's My Girl' and 'Not That Kind of Girl' fit that to a tee. 'Dope' might be the track that stands out the most. Mellow in the best way, and it embodies everything I like about this group and this album in general.
The album is a great maturation away from the slight cheesiness that plagued 'Reflection' but at it's core it's still captures the youthful spirit of the group. They did not compromise their maturity for a younger audience like some other groups and artists have done in the past. It's a great summer album, and it's ridiculously loaded with potential hits.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"Lyrically and vocally, this album is everything a person could want from a girl group. The solo distribution is spot on and the production is very well done. 7/27 gives off chill, EDM/pop, urban pop, reggae and alternative r&b vibes. Each song has its one mixture of genres to identify with while managing to form a very cohesive album somehow. This album is perfect for family gatherings or night club dance parties -- it is so versatile. Whether you want to kick back and relax or dance your butt off, this album is the best place to start. I highly recommend 7/27 (Deluxe Edition) if a fun, creative and interesting album is what you are looking for.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
7,"[ENGLISH] This album has good songs, good vocals and a good rhythm. Maybe if all songs were a little different each other, I mean, more variety of songs and lyrics in the album, I think it would be better.
[SPANISH] Este lbum tiene buenas canciones, buenas voces y buen ritmo. Tal vez si todas las canciones fueran un poco diferentes entre s, es decir, ms variedad de canciones y letras en el lbum, pienso que sera mejor.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
9,"Um album muito bem produzido, letras maravilhosas e boas divises de solos. Embora esteja um pouco confuso em relao a sua mensagem. No geral um album muito bom, mas no melhor q o Reflection",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
10,"O lbum est muito com. As meninas se arriscaram bastante em diferentes sonoridades, uma musica com uma pegada raggae, algumas bem pop e tambm foram para um alternativo. Conseguiram mudar bastante a sonoridade, comparando com seu ultimo lbum, Reflection, porm no perderam a excelncia! Realmente mostraram que so o maior GirlGroup da atualidade, e podemos ver isso nos charts.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
6,"While this album may show a new image for Fifth Harmony, it is definitely not as enticing or exciting as their previous effort, and there is definitely still room to grow.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
6,"is not a bad album, it has a really good production compared with the last LP, but generally there's a little bit of soul-touching songs, all fifth harmony records, including their EP 'Better Together', feel like are made only for the radio and the charts. It doesn't feel like if they are singing from the bottom of their hearts. PLUS, IN MY OPINION, CAMILA'S VOICE IS ANNOYING.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2016"
10,"Oh my God, speechless. I'm so freaking proud of this girls, this album is totally amazing, I can relate to each song in a different level and I just love it. Gonna Get Better is probably my favorite song of 2016 so far. Thanking God those girls are there slaying everyday.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
7,"All in all, a disappointing album compared to their last one. I know most people disagree will with me, but the songs on this album are just missing the melodies and the attitude from the last album. The production is different from Reflection, but I still like the new tropical house vibe they're going for. However, house production is notorious for making their singers boring. Although that isn't always the case here, FH struggle on a few particular songs to make their vocals shine through the production. Like their last album, there are also some major miscalculations in terms of song style. This is most notable on tracks such as Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign and No Way. The first is a snoozefest of an electronic R&B song, and the second is just a ballad structured completely wrong. However, songs such as All In My Head ft. Fetty Wap and The Life do a very good job blending the production and the vocals. Overall, I wish this was as good as their first album, but it's still a quality pop album on it's own merits.
Favs: All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, Dope, The Life, That's My Girl, Squeeze
Least Favs: Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign, No Way",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
10,"These girls are killing it aren't they? I mean really their hit 'Work From Home' is a smash hit and 'All In My Head (Flex)' seems to be heading in that direction also. I definitely think this is a great album and it for sure deserves a '10' from me! All of their hits are great and they for sure deserve a 10 for their effort this year.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2016"
7,"7/27  cheio de girl power em faixas muito atraentes para que gosta de uma bela batida para as pistas de dana. Boas parcerias dentre elas Ty Dollar  a que mais se destaca com o lead single 'Work From Home'",0,0,"Sep 15, 2016"
10,"Don't listen to these guys who say this album is trash. This album's sound design, fluidity and utterly beautiful chord progressions are synonymous with Flume over the last few years. A phenomenal artist that continues to evolve and separate himself from the rest of electronic music being pumped out to the masses every day. He maintains his amazing distinct sound and this album is truly the best electronic album I have ever heard. An album that will remembered decades from now, a nice improvement on his first album which had more of a downtempo/chilling theme where as this one has several themes that blend together absolutely brilliantly.
The best electronic producer in the world. 10/10. He inspires me as both a listener and a producer myself, I salute you!",18,18,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Flume never disappoints, that's a fact! 'Never Been Like You' was just a sample of how he had evolved as an artist and producer, and now, with the whole album released, you can see that in each track. I really love it and and point to buy YES! Buy it on iTunes and on Amazon!!",16,16,"May 27, 2016"
10,"An amazing electronic album. It is authentically truly well produced, with great compositions and, by far, much more futuristic than the last album. Flume is the best!",13,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"While many ones thought it would be just a basic EDM album, 'Skin' comes and surprises everyone with futuristic touches, distorted and extremely well placed noise. By far, this one of the best EDM albums of the year - along with 99, 9% by Kaytranada.",12,12,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Realmente es un lbum sorprendente para la escena de la msica electrnica del momento,  no es solo una produccin electrnica mas y eso se puede sentir en cada tema con esos toques futuristas e innovadores, excelentes vocales, un trabajo con mas potencial que su lbum debut.
sin lugar a duda Flume es uno de los mayores exponentes de msica electrnica.",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Album ratings (do not read if you haven't heard album)
1. Helix 85
2. Never Be Like You (feat. Kai) 95
3. Lose It (feat. Vic Mensa) 90
4. Numb & Getting Colder (feat. Kuka) 100
5. Say It (feat. Tove Lo) 80
6. Wall F**k 85
7. Pika 80
8. Smoke & Retribution (feat. Vince Staples & Kuka) 90
9. 3 85
10. When Everything Was New 90
11. You Know (feat. Allan Kingdom & Raekwon) 80
12. Take a Chance (feat. Little Dragon) 95
13. Innocence (feat. AlunaGeorge) 90
14. Like Water (feat. MNDR) 80
15. Free 100
16. Tiny Cities (feat. Beck) 95
10/10 awesome album the best!!!",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"I am starting to  believe more and more that the so called critics are just people who don't enjoy Electronic Music.
Most of those reviews do nothing but showcase their ignorance of an entire genre of music.I was prompted to create an account after reading reviews of both Kygo's Cloud Nine and Flume's Skin.
Flume's Skin is simply put a masterpiece. I was surprised by how good Flume's debut album was, but I was never entranced by it the way I am with Skin.
Skin is more than an album, it's a journey. You are a raft on a river and you never know what the next stretch of the river will bring, be it a faster current, pirates, or a mellow breeze as you bathe in the sun. The sum total of that journey is what Skin delivers.
I am not a fanboy by any means, but Flume's sound has been polished so much that it literally shines through this album.
His choice of vocalists is fantastic. Aluna is always divine, but the vocal star of this show is Kucka. On Numb & Getting Colder, her voice blends in perfectly with the jagged yet oh so smooth edges of Flume's beat.
Flume's sound is so far ahead as to almost be it's own genre. I hate it when people categorize his music as EDM. In fact I hate that term. It's an umbrella term that means nothing at this point.
Melding various elements of House, Trap, Dubstep, Electronica, Bass, Hip Hop and RnB, Flume manages to create something sonically  unique, gripping and oh so authentic. You can never mistake Flume's sound for anyone else. Nobody else sounds like him.
Every song in this album is a gem, even the so called 'pop' songs, Say It and Never Be Like You.
So far this is the best album to come out of 2016, and it's not even close.",4,4,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"Always loved the way flume is doing his music.This LP is good if you wanna relax and listen to some beautiful music,if you wanna go on adventure this LP will give you that.Favourite songs  as of now Helix,3,Like water,Numb & gettin colder",3,3,"May 30, 2016"
10,"amazing lp, cannot name i single song i didn't love. great work flume, it's great to see how much you've matured since the first album which was already amazing in the first place!!!",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
9,"Flume continues to flourish with his very impressive production techniques, chord schemes and general musical understanding. Tracks like 'Free' demonstrate Flume's experimental ability with the shrill synths automated all over the place to produce this imperfect, non-mechanical feel which is incredibly difficult to pull off in the world of electronic music where the vast majority of it is aided by DAW and software plugins rather than recording any live instruments. The oozing synths on 'Take A Chance' really gripped me with how happy and charming Flume can be, where as tracks like 'Wall F*ck' showcase the depth of his sound palette. The jabbing, heavy use of distortion is very prominent in this piece. Other tracks with more pop appeal, including the big 'Never Be Like You', 'Say It' and 'Lose It' successfully amalgamate with the rest of the album.
This is an outstanding album. The only reason this didn't quite get the 10 was the omission of two tracks which were presented in the preview compilation. These two songs would have put the icing on the cake. Congratulations Flume.",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
9,"This album is a really great album considering that dance/electronic albums are payed much attention to or bought that much. But this album is very unique in sound and has a lot of great special guests such as Vic Mensa, AlunaGeorge and Tove Lo. Favorite songs of the album are Say It and Lose It! Stream on Spotify!",2,2,"May 30, 2016"
9,"Flume is at the top of his game with his sophomore release. He doesn't strive to produce club-banging hits like all the rest of EDM/electronic artists are doing now and days. He's actually interested in making music that has depth. Great contributions by Vic Mensa, Tove Lo and Vince Staples.
HIGHLIGHTS: Helix, Lose it and Say It.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
9,"This album takes the broad, diverse, and vase Flume 'style' further down the rabbit hole. A more diverse, intimate, experimental rabbit hole. I personally didn't hat any tracks on this album, except for maybe the weird singing on '3', and 'Say It' sounds quite commercial imo (still adhering to the OG Flume style), but other than that, it's incredible. Personally recommend Helix, Smoke and Retribution, When Everything was New, Innocence, Like Water, and Tiny Cities",1,1,"May 29, 2016"
10,"glad to see the user score reflect the album far better than the critics that publish these reviews. sonically this album is gorgeous, i love every song. harley is no doubt very very talented",12,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This guy is the phenomenon of electronic music. Where he gets these ideas from is mind-blowing, and it really shows in the album. An absolute must buy, this is going to be a modern classic in electronic music, as Zane Lowe said when he premiered one of the songs. Spectacular album.",10,11,"May 27, 2016"
8,"It's sad to see the current state of EDM is growing more and more dull in the mainstream and indie world, as we're currently in the year of Tropical House growing and becoming less unique. It's not like 2012 or 2013 when EDM was really growing, with bombastic buildups and massive drops to get everyone ready to go wild. However, this was also a perfect time for producers to get more experimental with their electronic music, and one of those acts that broke through was Flume. An Australian Electronic producer and DJ who started releasing music around 2011 before releasing his debut album in 2012, and he's kept his reputation in the indie world thanks to various remixes he's done. Four years later, Flume announces his second album Skin with fans and listeners becoming excited to hear new material from the guy. Even though I wasn't wild about that debut album mostly for going on too long and losing my interest too quickly, I have grown to become a huge fan of Flume and was hoping for something worthwhile with Skin, was I right?
Well here's the thing, Skin ends up being an album that finds Flume bringing his most oddball and weird tracks yet, even still it's an improvement upon the debut and shows Flume growing as a musician. And while this album isn't for everyone, it's still a great album all the same.
Let's start with the instrumentals, while Flume did some genre hopping on his debut, this album shows him try out other genres even more. From Synthpop to Acid House to moments of Hip Hop where Flume proves to be better at producing Hip Hop than most Hip Hop producers in music today. The chunky beats on Say It, the gleaming synths and trap hi-hats on Never Be Like You, the 80's inspired keys on Tiny Cities, and the acid house flavored Lose It all sound great with memorable melodies and catchy hooks to back them up. The best instrumental comes from the cinematic and trip hop touches of You Know, with Flume showing the most restraint and control ever for a song, creating both tension and attention to the guests. The instrumental tracks also stand out among the tracklist, from the carnival inspired When Everything Was New to the distorted and dark Wall F**k that perfectly describes the song as a whole. If there was an instrumental I wasn't a fan of it would come with Smoke and Retribution, mostly for it's choppy synths not complimenting Vince Staples and then a sudden changeup for Kucka's hook that feels out of place and doesn't match the more aggressive tone of the song.
One thing that Flume got an upgrade on for sure on this album are the guests he brings on board, with the likes of Raekwon, Beck, AlunaGeorge, Tove Lo, Vic Mensa and various others. Thankfully most of guests work well with Flume, the best being on You Know, and while Allan Kingdom is fine on the opening verse and bridge, it's Raekwon who kills it here with a verse describing gang activity and a suspicious man dating his niece matching the intensity of the song. Kai gives a solid performance on Never Be Like You, Tove Lo matches Flume's production on Say It really well same case also for Beck's laid back delivery on Tiny Cities, and the low-key yet passionate performance given by Little Dragon on the off-kilter Take a Chance are all great and compliment the album as a whole. However, there are a few weak moments, while Vic Mensa has some decent verses on Lose It he shouldn't have been on the hook and is really the only weak part of an otherwise good song. The contributions from Kucka make her a non presence on her songs, and MNDR's performance has very little worth caring about, same thing also for AlunaGeorge on Innocence.
So what about the lyrics? The themes throughout Skin include broken relationships, losing all control, sex, emotions and at one point a gang attack. Otherwise, most of this album is very loopy and not focused much on any real stories except for You Know. That being said, tracks like When Everything Was New seem to have undertones implying nostalgia of childhood memories and Wall F**k is just straight up about going insane with emotions and not being able to handle it all. However, my biggest complaint here with the album is the lack of direction, as I do wish Flume had more of an underlying theme throughout the album or if he shorten the album considering it runs for about an hour long.
Still though, Skin is a huge improvement from the debut and is worth revisiting for the rest of 2016, with some of the best material Flume has ever produced and maybe some of his most mainstream work yet. Even though there are a few weak and forgettable tracks and it runs a little too long, I still enjoyed a lot from Skin. So I'm giving the album a light 8 and a recommendation to fans and newcomers, though like I said at the beginning this album isn't for everyone and I'm pretty much okay with that.
Best Songs: You Know, Never Be Like You, Say It, When Everything Was New, Wall F**k, Lose It
Worst Songs: Smoke and Retribution",8,11,"May 27, 2016"
7,"This album suffers from the issues that plague most EDM albums nowadays. In short, it is a mostly great effort that is bogged down by being much too long, with too many sub-par filler tracks and uninspired vocal performances scattered in amongst some truly fantastic and surprisingly experimental music.",1,4,"May 31, 2016"
6,"I'm so sad. I was sooo hyped for this album. Turns out, it is just okay. Like how could you give this album a 10/10? There is so much filler, so much that sounds just unpurposeful and filler. The track with AlunaGeorge gives me nothing at all, it sounds so insanely boring and the vocals are so unnecessary. The same with When Everything Was New, that just leaves you with a feeling of numbness from the nothingness that this song resembles. There is some really nice experimentation on this album, i really love Wall **** Take A Chance, Numb And Getting Colder and i enjoyed the singles from this album. But it just sounds so undistinct and boring. For the most part, the singles are radio worthy, so thats kind of a problem. Because i expect of Flume, that he releases music, that is not jus t generic but has a little more depth to it. He proved that in the past, no question, with songs like More Than You Thought, the Tennis Court remix as well as other remixes, Some Minds and Drop The Game. But i get very few of that on this album. It is just a unsuccinct mess with a little bit of spark to it. Sad, very sad.",1,21,"May 28, 2016"
0,"I expected more to be honest, sound so cheap and annoying. I'm so disappointed. Don't buy it, it's not worthy. There's not even a decent song in the album, this is completely trash.",1,45,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Wow, what a listen. Filled to the brim with hits, Wall **** Lose It, Helix, Take A Chance stand out the most to me. All songs pretty solid, although some do seem to get lost amongst some of the more hard-hitting songs. Genre-flipping btwn hip-hop, trip-hop, and just good ol' glitchy electronic noise.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2016"
8,"Flume is a very good album with very good productions and very good artists, although there were moments on this album when it got kind of heavy. My favorite song may be Like Water. Recommended.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2016"
6,"This has to be one of the strangest pop albums I've heard in a long time. It's basically a hodge-podge of different styles, and the only element tying the whole thing together is Trainor's self-empowering (or perhaps narcissistic) lyrics. Part of me wants to hate Thank You for being so weird and scattershot, but honestly, it's actually a pretty fun album. Most of the songs are gimmicky and cheesy, and the lyrics are surprisingly funny. Thank You sort of seems like a parody album. I get the impression that Meghan is more intent on acting goofy and having fun than she is on creating honest music with emotional depth, and for that reason, it's a bit hard for me to take her seriously as a pop star. Nevertheless, at least she's having fun with what she's doing, and I will admit she's a talented singer and songwriter. Interestingly enough, her silliest songs stand out to me the most. The songs where she tries to tone it down and act 'normal' are the most forgettable (Hopeless Romantic, Just a Friend to You), and they really put a damper on the album's energy. If she had just gone all-out with her humorous hooks and eclectic productions, I'd have appreciated it more.
Standout tracks: Me Too, NO, Woman Up",1,1,"May 18, 2016"
0,"trainor's pop just doesn't work right, this second record is fulled of the same repetitive song, while the album is in listening, you can't catch her soul, you can't find her. all the songs are completely plastic, even, the lead single 'N' can't rise the album and make it better. sorry meghan, you fell really down.",3,4,"Jun 30, 2016"
10,"Meghan with 'Thank You' showed that came to stay . She's wonderful! Title was his phenomenal start to pump in the industry with his talent. I love her!",6,9,"May 13, 2016"
0,"We already had a Simple Plan album this year. We don't need Meghan Trainor to attempt to be actively worse. And while she may have been successful in her attempts, being genuinely worse than Simple Plan is the last thing anyone should strive to be.
Best Song: Uh... I Love Me, I guess?
Worst Songs: NO, Me Too, Just A Friend To You, Dance Like Yo Daddy
0.5/10",4,6,"May 17, 2016"
5,"No offense but this album is bad. Seriously, it's so generic and cliche it bores me. She acts like she was 15. Stop.
There are some good songs but this is so Title 2.0. Grow up, move on.",2,3,"May 17, 2016"
6,"Compared to Title, I would choose Thank You over her debut. But it's almost the same as her last album, except she ditches her 50's pop and went for more recent 00's genre like music. The lyrics are almost the exact same, I don't really see it differ. The beats were exceptional, but it's something that tells you it's Meghan Trainor. Not entirely the best album, but still decent enough for me to listen to it.",2,3,"May 14, 2016"
3,"I admire Meghan for the message she's trying to send and there is no doubt that she is a very gifted singer, but this album truly got messed up in translation. Cultural appropriation left and right, narcissistic lyrics aiming to be self-love anthems, and just downright cheesy songs on the album's back half.
Thank You has its moments ('Better,' 'NO,' and 'Hopeless Romantic' are all standouts) but overall, it's tad frustrating coming from a singer of such talent.",3,5,"May 14, 2016"
0,"boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring",3,5,"May 26, 2016"
0,"I never write reviews, EVER. But this album needs one. Meghan McDonald Trainor has recently won a Grammy, 'why?' you ask? I can't answer that for you. This music is full of substanceless rubble that is truly unbearable to listen to. I've heard that people were saying 'Thank You' is Meghan's 'EMOTION'... LOL. EMOTION is a prime example of a quality pop album. This album sounds a bunch of D-List rejects thrown together, I don't understand how this low quality sorry excuse for an album made it past her label for release. Just terrible.",3,6,"May 18, 2016"
3,"the most generic album since Britney Jean (2013), thank god, at least she has a good voice. I know that she's a beginner, i hope Thank You era do a great slayage in the charts and i'm also expecting mature songs. My fave by far is 'Kindly Calm Me Down'",8,17,"May 13, 2016"
10,"I love it! Meghan is more mature in this Album, a fresh sound, love the 90's vibe, the concept, all the entire Album is amazing, Can't stop listening!!",5,11,"May 13, 2016"
10,"I personally really like this album.It's way better than her last one..Every song on the album is catchy,fun, well written and has a great empowering message at the same time.",4,9,"May 13, 2016"
0,"Her album is trash. very generic songs and they sound like the same. It is not 2000 it's 2016! And she can't sing or dance. People should not buy this album",6,14,"May 13, 2016"
8,"Step up from her previous effort. It includes an array of different musical styles ranging from dancehall to ballads, to pop perfection and her signature doo-wop.",3,7,"May 13, 2016"
8,"I actually prefer this to her last album - it is much more upbeat and all of the songs are uplifting. The problem I had with 'Title' is that is was very chilled and didn't have too many upbeat tracks but Thank You is full of them and is a really fun listen!",3,7,"May 13, 2016"
10,"All the album is perfect, so much improvement!!!
THANK YOU>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Title
My Favs are: NO, Champagne Problems, Me Too, Dance Like Your Daddy, Woman Up, I Won't Let You Down, I Love Me, Friends and Mom ;)",8,19,"May 13, 2016"
0,"Desculpa falar mas esse album  horrivel, lixooooooooooooo dms , mereceu o flop, vergonha, lixo lixo lixo, flop flop flop floooooop, 'NO' unica que presta",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I love this album, the lyrics, the sounds, the voice, i think that Meghan make a great job with this album, especially with the song Kindly Calm Me Down, it's so brilliant and perfect.",2,5,"May 13, 2016"
3,"M-Train's follow up to her debut may be all fun and games but - wait.... it is all fun and games! Really bad, cheesy, cringe-worthy fun and games. Thank You is a mixed bag of cheap production, shallow lyrics, and rarely ( and I mean reaaalllly rarely) solid songs which are quite decent. The best on the album is undoubtedly the lead single, 'NO', smart move on M.T.'s part. 'Better' is another decent song, nothing stellar or really interesting, but good, clean production and her vocals sound great. Now we get to a problem... 'Champagne Problems' could have made a really great album closer but the BEYOND STUPID 'fun' lyrics about having bad wifi and hoping your Uber isn't late really ruin what could have been a decent song. Second single 'Me Too' is almost laughable- the dated production and tongue-in-cheek lyrics on this song are displayed across the whole album. Did she write some of these tracks in 5 minutes? I mean COME ON. I was really rooting for Meghan but this album is a huge let down.",3,8,"May 13, 2016"
10,"Thank You is one of the best dance lbums of the year, i'm in love with Champagne Problems and Kindly Calm Me Down, now she just needs to know how to choose the singles, GO MEGHAN!!!",3,8,"May 13, 2016"
10,"AMEI, no  melhor e nem pior que o Title, so do mesmo nivel, Champagne Problems donissima do album, ja quero que seja uma era bem sucedida, e I love me  bem chata.",3,9,"May 13, 2016"
10,"In this album , we see that Meghan really grow up in music, certainly it has some fails like 'I Love Me' or 'Watch Me Do' , but has some big hits like 'No' , 'Just A Friend to You' and 'Champagne Problems'.
All in all , it's a great album.",3,9,"May 13, 2016"
10,"I loved their new album. Great job, great hits.
The album is called 'Thank you', but we thank you for the amazing job.",2,6,"May 13, 2016"
10,"CRITICS OF **** This album is a complete reinvention to music, completely fun, but there are romantic ballads. You would not recognize talent even if they were the last people on earth, do not worry Meghan heart, they call themselves critics and do not even know what they're missing. Meghan GOOD JOB!",1,3,"May 16, 2016"
8,"A very strong album with a very clear message : 'I'm Meghan Trainor.' As she did in 'Title', messages of feminism are also found. However, the album is fusion with R&B and a bit reggae. I guess Trainor still can't handle it good and that's why some of the songs are strange and uncomfortable.",1,3,"May 22, 2016"
10,"LACROOOOOU, LBUM MARAVILHOSO, produes maravilhosas, singles maravilhosos, clipes otimos, Meghan Trainor veio pra mostrar que no  uma artista de um lbum s, dona",1,3,"May 14, 2016"
0,"As the lead single says, this album is a N, her voice is a N, the songwriting is a N. It's just awful, really, it's not a good album, not even close. I used to kind of like her until she released 'Title' and all of the sounds sounded the same and they were awful and repetitive. Is this as bad as Title? Yes. Is it worst? Thank God no.",4,14,"May 16, 2016"
7,"Trainor definitely showed some improvement with this album. Firstly the hit single NO was the reason i decided to listen to the track. There are a few tracks such as I Love Me and a few more which pulled down the album. But tracks like I Wont let You down, dance like yo daddy and champagne problem definitely deserve some honorable mention! Although i must admit all her tracks kind of sound the same which should be changed!!!!!
Overall the records ok for a few months but wont last too long. As far as a Grammy or any other award is concerned for this album.. there are many more better and tough albums which ThankYou would have to beat such as This is Acting, Revival, Lemonade, Anti, and with 5h and Ariana releasing an album too!",1,4,"May 15, 2016"
10,"T perfeito, merece subir mais, ele  MUITO melhor que o Title
Title s tem msica chatinha, nenhuma se salva, mereceu a nota amarela
Better, Thank You, Kindly Calm Me Down so as melhores",1,5,"May 13, 2016"
9,"Esse lbum veio pra vingar Title, espero que ela saiba escolher bem os singles, a mais chatinha  I Love Me porm o resto do lbum  perfeito!!!!",1,5,"May 13, 2016"
10,"I wanna say Thank You Meghan Trainor for this amazing album. Is perfect.
My faves - Thank You, Champagne Problems, NO, Friends, Me Too and Hopeless Romantic.",1,5,"May 13, 2016"
10,"The album is perfect, all combining, all harmonised, has many hits! In addition, the album has a lot of personality, all concept and very well thought out. This album deserves a lot of grammys.",1,5,"May 13, 2016"
10,"Meghan deserve that Grammy so much, and with this album she confirm this. Thank You is full of hits and every song just stuck in my head. I hope she keep growing in music, I love you Meghan!",1,6,"May 13, 2016"
10,"I love Meghan Trainor's music. I actually give this album a 9.5/10, because all the songs are amazing except, 'Watch Me Do', which may be the reason why this album has a lower rating than it should.",0,1,"May 23, 2016"
7,"Even though the pre-release singles of 'Thank You' have indicated some change of musicality, at the end, the album focuses in some 'Title' fillers with nothing to increase. And I really don't know which is better, because 'Title' is a little masterpiece, but something sounds wrong in the 'Thank You' alignment. Nevertheless, 'Thank You' has its moments with some great songs (like 'Hopeless Romantic' and 'Kindly Calm Me Down') that I just can't take out of the repeat.",0,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is really good. I think Thank You is better than Title. Because you can dance, you can feel everyting about  this album. Good job Meghan! :* Kindly Calm Me Down is the best!",0,2,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Esse novo lbum da meghan  timo, todas as msicas so maravilhosas, espero realmente esse novo lbum seja o mais vendido mesmo, quero que Woman UP ou better seja o 3 single.",0,2,"May 14, 2016"
10,"simplesmente melhor lbum da carreira sim, meghan est cada vez maravilhosa, esse lbum vai render vrias msicas de sucesso, meghan muito sucesso pra voc, voc merece, meghan rainha, espero que THANK YOU seja single",0,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"HINRIO PISOU FORTE NO TITTLE MERECE 100!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,3,"May 14, 2016"
10,"timo lbum, maravilhoso, espero que receba uma nota tima, realmente ns podemos ver a evoluo de meghan em relao ao ltimo lbum, no aguardo de better como single.",0,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"amazing!!! i really love, all the songs are very good, the thank you age its gonna be amazing!!! i loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove the album!!!!!!",0,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"CRITICS OF **** This album is a complete reinvention to music, completely fun, but there are romantic ballads. You would not recognize talent even if they were the last people on earth, do not worry Meghan heart, they call themselves critics and do not even know what they're missing. Meghan GOOD JOB!",0,3,"May 16, 2016"
10,"Sem duvida um lbum maravilhoso, adorei a letra, as batidas, o vocal mais limpo, tudo. Mais um trabalho muito bom da Meghan, com um timo visual, Better sem duvida a melhor do lbum!",0,1,"May 18, 2016"
10,"Yet another amazing album from Meghan Trainor! A new sound, a new look, and it works very well. Go grab a copy in stores or iTunes because you'll be dancing to all these tracks all summer long!",0,1,"May 18, 2016"
4,"O segundo lbum de Meghan Trainor s pode ser classificado de uma maneira: um verdadeiro 'desastre de trem'. Explico: Thank You  um desastre do comeo ao fim e fica at difcil curtir de verdade qualquer momento, mas, apesar disso, existe uma fora que atrai a gente para ouvir o lbum vrias vezes. Exatamente a mesma sensao quando ocorre um 'desastre de trem'. Acredito que seja a mesma, pois nunca vi um acidente de trem de perto. Todavia, um lbum to medocre como esse da Meghan Trainor.
Tentar compreender exatamente o que aconteceu aqui  um trabalho complicado, pois h vrios caminhos que pode ser explorado. Depois do mega sucesso alcanando com o seu divertido primeiro trabalho (Title), Meghan ou/e a sua gravadora decidiu mudar completamente de rumo ao deixar para trs a sonoridade vintage/comercial que marcou o seu comeo de carreira. At a tudo bem, j que essa sonoridade no foi muito bem aceita por um parte do pblico. Entretanto, essa mudana se transformou em um verdadeiro tiro no p da cantora, alm de tirar boa parte da sua personalidade. Com o sucesso de NO, a nica msica boa de fato do lbum, o produtor Ricky Reed assumiu a criao de quase todo o lbum, produzindo 13 das 17 faixas que fazem parte de todas as verses de Thank You. A deciso mostra que o lbum foi feito a toque de caixa e, por consequncia, sem qualquer preparo artstico. Nas mos dessa combinao imperfeita, o lbum resulta em uma mistura pobre, infantil, massificada e confusa de pop e R&B que no consegue encontrar a sua personalidade ou qualquer fio de coerncia sonora, alternando batidas que variam entre a vergonha alheia, o irritante e o completamente sem gosto. Alm disso, a incluso de reggae, hip hop e eletrnico apenas ressaltam o desespero em deixar Meghan relevante e popular. At que alguns momentos funcionam com o seu alto comercial como em Woman Up, mas um olhar mais atento  capaz de relevar mais defeitos.
Com uma atmosfera animada e com uma proposta de passar uma mensagem positiva sobre empoderamento feminino, Meghan Trainor pode at ter boas intenes que so destrudas pela qualidade extremamente questionvel das suas construes liricas. As composies mostram a falta de tempo ou/e de experincia para lidar com a presso de escrever canes como essas, pois a falta de delicadeza e inteligncia lingustica grita com passagens vergonhosas, referncias clichs e refres irritantes. Quando isso no acontece, as letras so bobas e sem nenhuma graa lembrando o comeo de carreira de divas teen que precisam vender para um pblico com pais conservadores. Um bom exemplo disso  Champagne Problems que tem prolas como 'Can't believe my Uber's late again' e 'My new Wi-Fi doesn't seem to work'. Apesar de muitos criticarem o pseudo rap que Meghan faz em canes como Watch Me Do e Dance Like Yo Daddy, o grande problema vocal dela em Thank You  quando ela quer passar a imagem de cantora sria ao mostrar o seu vozeiro, mas esquecendo de colocar qualquer personalidade em interpretaes apticas e clichs como em Kindly Calm Me Down. Simplesmente no funciona e ainda deixa a cantora perdida e sem personalidade. O resultado final  desastre to grande como poderia ser um desastre de trem, mas que a nica vitima  a Meghan Trainor.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
3,"Um lbum totalmente fraco, construdo sem nenhum conceito ou critrio. Algumas faixas soam como descartes do seu ltimo disco, 'Title'. O mais espantoso  que ela conseguiu regredir mais ainda que a estreia totalmente morna do seu disco de estreia. 'Thank You' tinha tudo pra ser uma evoluo, por mais que - o seu primeiro single - 'NO' seja s mais um faixa catchy em forma de hit nas rdios pop, havia a esperana de que agora a cantora construsse uma personalidade consistente. Em um mundo de 'Lemonade' de Beyonc, fica difcil se animar ouvindo o disco da americana Meghan Trainor. Nem mesmo um prmio de grande tamanho como o de melhor artista relevao do Grammy de 2016 convence que realmente ela  merecedora de qualquer prmio desse nvel, que seja, ou que ela esteja nos dando o seu melhor. O talento dela pode at existir e eu no duvido, mas ele se perde no meio de tantas faixas querendo soar como outros artistas ou na tamanha capacidade de que ela tem pra se empoderar e se amar de forma vazia e sem qualquer causa.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2016"
10,"I think this album and Meghan in general come under too much fire from people. She is a very talented young lady who can write, produce and sing her own songs very well. Her music is cute and feel good. Yet people here (who do not even use correct grammar) are bashing her. I don't get it. It's a step away from the doo-wop from her debut 'TItle,' and leans to a more pop sound. I'm sure she will do fine with this album and prove the haters wrong on the charts.",0,0,"May 19, 2016"
7,"In this album, Trainor explores a variety of styles, like Reggae from Rap, making a sound of the 70's. To the music industry, this is an innovation, having in mind that a bunch of artists are not able to travel between a lot of those styles and genres, and I just can't stand the negative reviews. The album is way better than her first one, titled ''Title''.
Thank You has a high self-esteem vibe, using the feminism empowerment as an embasement, and it's explicit on songs like ''Watch Me Do'', ''Me Too'', ''NO'', ''Better'', ''I Love Me'', ''Woman Up''. Trainor needed half an album to show us her feminist power.
But, of course, it is not a VERY GOOD ALBUM. It actually is good, but somethings went wrong, like: the tracklist is messy, Meghan concentrated the full concept of the album on some songs, like I Love Me and Better, and this got really exagerated, we didn't have the stories of Title, the creative videos of Title.
But, we can affirm: this album placed Meghan on the music industry, and she is already a big superstar.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2016"
0,"I listen to the radio. And I hear this BULLSH*T. I hear repetition, lack in songwriting talent and interesting production. All the records sound the same and have boring themes. If you feel inspired by this album, you should have a good long look at yourself in the mirror because you're drowning your ears in literal ear cancer. Sell out.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
2,"Yeah, she has some catchy songs, but she tries too hard to reach the top of the charts.  In the process, she loses her sense of self, artistry and credibility.  She's a manufactured pop star who can sing, but lacks the creativity and the chops to pull off this act.",0,0,"May 17, 2016"
0,"Terrible music made in a factory where they strap her to a machine to change her voices. I heard this single or two and it had very trashy lyrics....not for children who are 15+",0,0,"Jul 29, 2016"
2,"Horrible, the only song that worth is No and is inspired in Miss Britney Spears the hole album is just a huge NOOOOOOOOOOO, next, Write catchy songs doesn't mean that are good",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is fantastic and mixes many styles from different time periods. Meghan is trying to make all music pop music and get people into it. GREAT JOB, MEGHAN!",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
3,"Is she good at writing catchy songs? Yes.  Is she good at presenting anything that seems authentic or anything that is done for the sake of music rather than for the sake of making money? Absolutely not.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2016"
8,"Thank You it's really a good album, but I expected some more, however, it's good and she gave the best of her. I hope her third studio album takes more time than this and she tries to make the best possible for her fans.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Confesso que esperava uma coisa diferente vindo da meghan, mas gostei do album.  divertido, danante e tem umas msicas muito boas, timas para single.",0,0,"May 21, 2016"
0,"I still feel the need to putting her even more down than this but my god, is it bad. So on itunes too, she gets mixed/bad reviews. It's almost like people is warning you, 'this is crap, don't buy it' 'No, Meghan' 'why would I want to be you?' It has 3 stars out of 5, which in itunes is super rare to get for a big artist with so many fans but boy, they can't handle her badness this time. But the public so far has bought it, more so than they should've had, so I have to contribute and tell you, avoid it. And they have ignored other more worthy artists in order to support this and that is a No.
Please, please, I don't want to see this album or any song from it in the top 10 again or her receiving any awards for her super mediocre music. She is the worst artist we've had in years and my least favorite by miles.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2016"
1,"Realmente nada innovador para mi igual de pattico que su primer lbum.
para mi no hubo ninguna cancin que realmente valiera la pena escuchar del lbum",0,0,"May 16, 2016"
10,"O lbum ta maravilhoso, a maioria dos crticos hoje em dia do notas pela pessoa e no pela qualidade da msica, o Lemonade ta horrvel a Beyonc  muito melhor do que aquilo!
Esse lbum ta perfeito, cada msica liga com a outra, as batidas, o vocal esto simplesmente incrveis, Meghan ta de parabns provou que merece mais Grammy, muito mais!
Reclamam que ela no decide qual o estilo mas ta bem definido que  o pop mais antigo e msicas retrs, querem que ela cante um estilo de msica? isso enjoa! todas as msicas desse lbum podem ser singles esto incrveis, Meghan veio pra ficar e podem reclamar que ela  maravilhosa, melhor que muita veterana e conseguiu em muito pouco tempo o que muitas levaram anos pra ter!",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
5,"The Grammy winning artist give a sophomore album which, even though is not bad, fails to capture the playful melodies, catchy hooks, and fun themes of her debut album ''Title'' in 2015",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
10,"10 congrats meghan el album es perfecto me encanta sin duda alguna ya compre el album me encanta me encanta meghan soy megatronz la amo mucho junto que sus dos albums title y thank you muy buena musica y ritmos",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
4,"While incorporating many of Meghan Trainor's eclectic musical influences, Thank You fails to contribute anything new to the current pop landscape. The album treads the line between self-empowerment and self-absorption and occasionally seems to lean a bit too far toward the latter.",0,0,"May 23, 2016"
10,"MELHOR ALBUM DA HISTORIA, HUMILHOU O LIXO DA ARIANA GRANDE #CHUPAHATERS, OTIMAS PRODUES E NENHUMA MUSICA DOO-WOOP, BOATOS QUE A RAINHA NAO IA SAIR DA ZONA DE CONFORTO",0,0,"May 23, 2016"
10,"Esta mucho mejor que 'Title', Es un album perfecto para bailar, tiene hermosas canciones como Mom. Hpeless Romantic, Kindly Calm Me Down Y Just A Friend To You,Simplemente Lo Ame",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
8,"Meghan Trainor no longer focuses on weight empowerment and that bass, she now talks about female empowerment and independence from a man. While very controversial, this album doesn't managed to knock the critics off their game like Title did with its '50s and '60s influences.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
6,"Here's my track-by-track review.
Watch Me Do: 6/10
Me Too: 5/10
NO: 7/10
Better (feat. Yo Gotti): 4/10
Hopeless Romantic: 7/10
I Love Me: 7/10
Kindly Calm Me Down: 8.5/10
Woman Up: 7/10
Just a Friend to You: 6.5/10
I Won't Let You Down: 7.5/10
Dance Like Yo Daddy: 8/10
Champagne Problems: 9/10
Mom: 6/10
Friends: 7/10
Thank You (feat. R. City): 7/10",0,0,"Aug 15, 2016"
4,"Sub-Par at best. Very bland and some tracks are just annoying.
There are some alright tracks, maybe 5 or so.
But overall the album isn't good at all.
Also, Me Too is EXTREMELY ANNOYING.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2016"
3,"Meghan needs to say 'thank you' for her last album and now apologize for making this piece of garbage. These generic songs could be given to anyone and are in no way unique.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
3,"None of her attitude on this album is remotely convincing or justified. I guess she just went for R&B because it would make her sound more convincing and badass, but it totally doesn't work. This album doesn't even have the moments that Title had. Sometimes the production is ok? But this is just a sad attempt to play it safe.
Favs: I Love Me, I Won't Let You Down, Champagne Problems
Least Favs: NO, Dance Like Yo Daddy, Just A Friend To You, Watch Me Do",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
10,"I have been a Megatron since 'All About that Bass' and I was really having a hard time to decide if I would really enjoy this new sound Meghan had. Whenever I first heard 'NO' I was in shock how much she changed, but after listening to her whole entire album (yes every single song) to get the vibe of it, I really realized how amazing this album was. All of the critics say that they all sound like 'main-stream pop' or whatever else; That's not true! If you go to her album right now you can listen to say 'Mom' and compare it to 'Just a Friend To You' or 'Thank You' ; they all have a meaning as every single song wasn't written for some generic pop album to make sales. She put her heart into this album and I think it deserves to be a TOP 20 album of 2016 AT LEAST. I mean think about it..... 2 songs already (' No' and 'Me Too')  both got to #1 ('NO') and #2 ('Me Too') on ITunes! It truly is amazing to see how she has changed into such a developed musician and I am so proud of this album.... it's a good one guys!
#ThankYou",0,0,"Jul 19, 2016"
6,"Com uma carreira to longnqua e consagrada com a da Cyndi Lauper, a cantora tem todo o direito de se arriscar em projetos diversos e completamente fora do seu nicho de atuao normal. Depois do lbum de forte influncia eletrnica Bring Ya to the Brink de 2008, a sua incurso no blues/jazz em Memphis Blues de 2010 e escrever as msicas do musical Kinky Boots, pelo qual venceu o Tony, agora chegou a vez de Cyndi se aventurar pelo country em Detour, o seu dcimo primeiro lbum.
Detour  uma coleo correta e nostlgica de velhos clssicos do country americano que foram sucesso nas vozes dos principais 'fundadores' do gnero. Apesar da produo decente da prpria cantora ao lado do veterano Tony Brown, o lbum no apresenta nada de excitante e no acrescenta nada de novo nas releituras das doze faixas, ao contrrio do que fez no lbum At Last de 2003 em que reformulou vrias canes importantes do cancioneiro americano. Felizmente, a reverncia e o respeito pela integridade das canes, alm da adio de rock e blues, ajuda o lbum a ter um resultado final positivo. As escolhas das canes foram segura e um pouco batida, mas Cyndi defende cada faixa de maneira exemplar, dando a sua interpretao mpar para cada uma. Os convidados que participam do lbum mostram o carinho da cantora pelo gnero e, tambm, o respeito que a mesma obteve ao longo desses anos: desde nomes mais contemporneos como Jewel e Alison Krauss at lendas do country Vince Gill, Emmylou Harris e o grande Willie Nelson. Os melhores momentos de Detour ficam por conta de Misty Blue, Heartaches By The Number, The End Of The World, You're The Reason Our Kids Are Ugly e I Want To Be A Cowboy's Sweetheart. Um trabalho menor na carreira em uma carreira to elogiavel da Cyndi Lauper.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"Empowering, Bold, and a bit Political, but still fierce Bey like only she can. A living legend that has accomplished so much and has nothing to prove.",17,23,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",89,130,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums of the music industry. Beyonc slays again. This album is her most mature one ever and we can feel her and her message. One more time Beyonc destroys Rihanna's album, that it completely overrated and boring.",17,25,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The word 'masterpiece' gets thrown a lot when reviewing albums, but it's so appropriate in this case. Lemonade really is a masterpiece and her best body of work to date. In this album, Beyonc speaks about several topics, such as black rights, relationships, and womanhood. The reason why I love this album so much is because she talks about topics that I can relate to. As a black male, I really appreciated how Beyonc raised awareness about the oppression that black people faced for several years and are still facing today. It makes me really happy that someone as influential and powerful as Beyonc is bringing awareness to an issue that affects not only me, but several people around the word. Beyonc's Lemonade contains lyrics that touches your soul and amazing production that will keep you mesmerized for days, and for that reason, this album deserves nothing less than a 10/10. In the words of Anderson Cooper, 'It's Beyonc's world and we're just living in it'.
And to all of the Fleanna stans, y'all need to stop trying it with Beyonc and the Hive. It's been 3 months since it's release and ANTI only sold 369k in pure sales :deadbanana2: Y'all heauxs are nothing more than idiots who engage in recreational drug use and prostitution :ahh: Y'all Navy need to climb back in to y'all boat and save y'all flop fav Flopanna, because by the looks of things, your fav is drowning. That is all. :)",35,52,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"If someone still don't know what is art now is the time to learn. Beyonc made her best with Lemonade, I knew it'd be something special but this album is really strong, meaningful and inspirational. I honestly think she's an amazing artist and more than that, she's becoming a legend. Thank you, Beyonc. Lemonade is a masterpiece indeed.",16,24,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",30,145,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Really bad. This is crap compared to her previous recordings.Beyonce has really lost her mojo. She needs to step up her game... I only liked the song Formation!",31,157,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"I am really disappointed by Beyonce Knowles new album Lemonade. Its very flat and boring. None of the songs stand out, they all sound very basic to me. Furthermore, I am not a fan of visual albums because a good artist can express his vision or art with only his music and not with a movie or tons of videos. Really shocked by how terrible this album is.",25,128,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Horrible, terrible and extremely boring album, always proving why she needs more than 1.000 peoples to do anything. Sorry Beyonc, keep trying and being overrated.",35,189,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"the best album of Bey.
its sounds so good, cool.
i've no regrets for buying this album, it was worth it............
the rhythm of the songs is LIT.
so you SHOULD listen this album.
(by the way my favourites of this album are All Night, Sorry, Freedom and Sandcastles)",5,5,"May  8, 2016"
9,"The best album of 2016 so far. The film was amazing and so is the album. This record has such a beautiful message of equality and anti-discrimination. The highlights are Freedom, Pray You Catch Me, and Hold Up. This album has many catchy bops and some beautiful ballads too such as Sandcastles which is another highlight.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is a masterpiece! it's trip into the pain of a woman, really feel it.In his passionate path he focuses on the situation of black women in the United States, on the battles that for years have had to bear and still argue with dignity against racial discrimination: very significant in this regard, is an extract from the Malcolm X speech in which He argues that the black woman is the most discriminated against in America. The black woman as female and as a mother, as those of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Eric Garner, three of many young African Americans killed in recent years by the American police, who appear in the video holding in his hands the photos of their missing son . Poignant, passionate, feline and ruthless, Beyonce crosses the sea of feminine contradictions literally immersed in the water, where every complaint is muffled, blurred vision and zeroed breath but then suddenly everything becomes clearer, comes the self-awareness , the inner strength that opens all those doors that were previously closed, breaking its banks that too often women are self-build around and let the water flow away violent, while celebrating its rebirth.",3,3,"May 13, 2016"
10,"You know you that bi*ch when you cause all this conversation, Beyonc is one of those rare artist that can bring many topics and become them a conversation, amazing, just amazing, well deserved.",3,3,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Beyonc's new record is a masterpiece. So lyrical, so emotional and the most powerful racial critic from the life of the 21th century black woman. The best of 2016 so far.",3,3,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Details such a vivid internal struggle between sadness and hope. Songs spread across many genres; the diversity makes the album even more replayable. Every song is unique and beautiful in every way.",3,3,"May 18, 2016"
10,"Beyonc more than dazzles with LEMONADE, She has successfully crafted a record that actually triumphs her previous Masterpiece Self Titled. If Self titled was her declaration of ascension in Pop culture, then LEMONADE is undoubtedly a higher level of genius that shatters the way we view pop culture or Popstars on a whole. LEMONADE earns it's status as a masterpiece far greater than any other album since the 2010's decade. Beyonc has taught us never to underestimate her or think of her in a limited state of mind. Just when we thought Self Titled was her critical peak, she goes ahead and tops it! A feat no mere 'Pop Idol' can pull off. In a singles driven industry, Beyonc continues to push the envelope with above the bar album releases. A living legend who has mastered her craft. A warrior of a singer with flawless vocal execution and superior technique, yet unafraid to showcase rawness and realness. LEMONADE is the best album of 2016! She no longer makes mere albums, she creates conversation and cultural events",3,3,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Replayed it at least 50 times but it still doesn't get old! Amazing how even till now, 2 months after lemonade dropped I still couldn't name myself a favourite song off the album. I couldn't even pick a top5! Truly a masterpiece with a powerful message, it totally deserves to be the most critically acclaimed album of 2016!!! Now I'm starting to worry how her next album will top this....",2,2,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"E fomos abenoados como um novo disco da rainha Beyonc. Como era de se esperar, uma obra prima foi jogada na nossa cara toda de uma vez. Seguindo a linha do single Formation, Lemonade  repleto de mensagens polticas, empoderamento e homenagens s raizes da cantora. Isso j  o suficiente para todo o feedback positivo que o disco recebeu, mas estamos falando de Beyonc e ela foi alm, transformando o disco em um acontecimento e fazendo a gente agradecer (por ter a oportunidade de estar vivendo na mesma poca que ela) e poder passar os dias seguintes desvendando alguns aspectos.
Temos o j citado Jack White quebrando tudo na faixa Dont Hurt Yourself, o The Weeknd na sensual faixa 6 Inch, o produtor James Blake em Forward e outro artista que toca bastante nas feridas da desigualdade racial, Kendrick Lamar na incrvel Freedom (que no seu acompanhamento visual tem a modelo Winnie Harlow).
Temos referncias, samples, composies e uso de letras de bandas como Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Led Zepellin, Animal Collective, Father John Misty e Ezra Koenig do Vampire Weekend. Alm disso, no filme que completa o lbum, h aparies de artistas como Serena Williams, as duplas musicais Ibeyi e Chloe x Halle (que valem uma ouvida), e uma homenagem ao movimento Black Lives Matter com as mes de jovens negros assassinados por policiais.
Algum j imaginou uma Beyonc raivosa gritando por cima de umas guitarras distorcidas tocadas pelo Jack White? Cantando um reggae suavo? Usando samples de Led Zepellin? Ou com uma violinha acstica? Tudo isso  encontrado aqui. Isso  um verdadeiro amadurecimento como artista. Um encontro do blues, do r&b, do trap, do rock, do gospel, etc. Sonoridades novas, diferentes e inesperadas que ainda assim tem a cara dela do incio ao fim.
Imagine na era das informaes em alta velocidade esse disco estar sendo produzido, o filme sendo gravado, mais de 300 pessoas envolvidas e nenhum vazamento acontecer. Bey esteve envolvida em toda a produo do incio ao fim. E esse trabalho todo  uma confisso, um grito de raiva, uma exposio de seu lado mais intimo, onde vemos que mesmo do alto do seu posto de uma quase deusa na msica, ela ainda ama, sofre e sente.  nisso que devemos pensar antes de julgar apenas a quantidade de msicas boas pra pista.
No ltimo trabalho, nossa Queen B deu um reboot em sua carreira, digamos assim. Lanar um disco auto-intitulado como o quinto da sua carreira no foi a toa. Foi um recomeo onde ela alcanou um patamar acima dos artistas pop e ligou o foda-se para criar hits e alcanar topos dos charts, chegando nos topos dessas listas por outras razes que no o simples fato de uma msica ter uma coreografia icnica ou um refro chiclete.
Aqui a gente no precisa de bateo de cabelo e danas bem marcadas, temos outros cinco discos pra isso.",2,2,"Jun 19, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is Beyonc's best album yet. While Lemonade's vocals are not as demanding as 4, the lyrics are honest, brave, explicit, political and empowering.",2,2,"Jul  7, 2016"
10,"This is truly an amazing album by Beyonce. The depth of emotions expressed on the album, and the various sounds explored on the album are captivating. It's one of the best albums I've heard over the last 20 years. It's a masterpiece.",1,1,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"AOTY?
Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2016"
9,"Fascinating lyrics, crazy and slow beats, 'Lemonade' dont provide only an innovative fun, but it shows a great visual and musical concept that impresses. A little better then its predecessor, this album deserve its share of praises.",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
10,"This is the best album I've heard in the last decade it made me excited about music again. I honestly love every single track from 1-12, and that has never happened before. She definitely topped her self-titled album, and this is why after such a long career she's still evolving and still on top. Beyonce is what the music industry has been missing since 2013, and music since her self-titled album has been relatively boring, and she doesn't disappoint with her latest effort LEMONADE. From the different genres she successfully ventured, to the raw emotion and her brave truth behind all the songs. This album is a classic, and will go down as such, she's a legend and has proved to be up there with the likes of MJ, Prince, and all the other legends. Lemonade is a TEN.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Beyonc has a massive impact on not only the music industry, but the world and she knows this. She takes this opportunity to create inspiring and influential music that tackles social issues and can impact the world by raising awareness and changing how people view things. Beautiful (Sandcastles, Pray You Catch Me, Forward, All Night), melodic (Hold Up, Daddy Lessons, Love Drought,), and bad ass (Sorry, 6 Inch, Freedom, Formation, Don't Hurt Yourself), this is one of Beyonc's best albums to date. Long live Queen B!",1,1,"May 23, 2016"
10,"One of her best albums. Beyonc is not a singer who makes individual singles, she makes an entire album, and everybody know that. Just look at the position of her 6 albums ever released. The 6 stayed in #1 in so many charts. With Lemonade wouldn't be different.",1,1,"Jul 17, 2016"
10,"Such masterpiece !! AMAZING album ! Every single song is so unique, so strong and got a such power thanks to the tune, the lyrics ... Besides the whole album has a real message ! And it become more and more rare today !",1,1,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"Provavelmente o melhor lbum da carreira de Beyonc. Mesmo sendo to verstil com tantos gneros, Queen B conseguiu unir tudo e fez um dos lbuns mais coesos de 2016. O Grammy de lbum do ano j tem sua dona.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"AOTY!!!
She did the unthinkable and topped self titled a feat once I thought impossible. LEMONADE Is a masterpiece. she includes every genre, encompasses every sound, speaks to the struggle of women, celebrates black culture, addresses the problems in our society, and STILL IS COHESIVE!!!!! It's raw and wounded in the right places but has all the glister and shine of a BEYONCE album. Lemonade is true to beyonce's character and deeply personal while still being relatable and is a one in a lifetime occurrence and I'm just glad I'm here to witness it.",5,6,"Apr 28, 2016"
10,"Amazing album by one of the boldest female artists in the world, Beyonc proves once again that perfection is what she's striving for, here she isn't afraid to experiment with visual and genres.",4,5,"Aug 26, 2016"
10,"This is what 'ART' means! Power, truth, raw... LEMONADE proves that in pop music has people who think and makes the world think together. That's what the music industry needs.
Flawless can be a good word to define this album, but you know, I prefer magnificent.
It's Beyonc in her best way.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far!!! A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",4,5,"Jul 28, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work in her career. She continues to outdo herself and I'm happy to be in the BeyHive because of that. Not only did she release amazing music, but the movie was amazing and followed a plot. Just simply excellent.",4,5,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Definitely best Beyonce's album to date.
Since Beyonce's '4', she starts her album with ballad. This time, she starts Lemonade with 'Pray You Catch Me'. The harmonies of her voice and the instrument is heavenly.
Personally favourite is ' Don't Hurt Yourself ', it's like the greater intense version of 'Ring The Alarm'. The last few lines of this song kills. And her collaboration with Jack White on this song has an incredible chemical reaction. This is what I don't expect from Beyonce. Therefore, this song will be my favourite on this album.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Her strongest work yet. Incredible mix of songs. The only artist capable of something so complex and remarkable (not to mention without any leaks) is Beyonc. Perfection.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Unfortunately, before Lemonade dropped, I did not affix my weave securely enough. Now I have been violently SNATCHED and I am going to regular appointments with a hair specialist to try and get my weave back.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Rihanna es una perra...hrewghbuioipewioiuryioioiuyuriopewoiuytrtyuiophgrtyuiop`23456789876treertyugghgnbbngnnhbbehebheeehebehbehebehbehehbehebebeyubeuebeuebeuebeuee",3,4,"Jun 14, 2016"
10,"O lbum  maravilhoso em todos os sentidos. Poesia em forma de lbum visual, mais uma vez surpreendendo o mundo e criando novos padres para a indstria.",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's most thorough, thought-provoking work to date. An album about forgiveness, this latest piece serves to heal the listener, from the confident, finger-wagging lyrics to her equally impactful wistful performances.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A definition of true ART! she's topped herself yet again. I see a certain fanbase commenting their sad reviews but maybe if their fave gives them a good album one day maybe the hate will stop.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"I love this album. It is Beyonc at her most vulnerable and emotive. She took social issues, in-cooperated them with culture and poetry and coined an art that will forever leave a mark in pop culture. Its great and anyone who says differently is either just biased or just don't appreciate Art.
Thank You Beyonc",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"It is rare to experience an album that is so good that you just want to listen to it as a whole and exactly the tracklist order. This is raw, emotional, honest and just the best. It just makes me proud to have experienced it. Great Job QUEEN",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"One of many things that I wanna do before I die is to go to the shop and buy all Beyonce's albums and her songs, see all her films, and all the thing about her. ^^",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"By far Beyonce's best album. She covers everything from R&B, pop,reggae, rock and even country all while managing to be her  most cohesive album to date. With songs covering topics such as heartbreak, rage, loss and redemption. This is Beyonce' at her most  vulnerable and yet most fearless.",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Easily her best album to date. People craving for generic pop singles should walk on buy. This is a concept album that wouldn't have told the same story should any of it's elements was deleted. The production, the lyrics, the guest appearances and amazing visual make it an unforgettable record. This will go down as her defining album. As much as I wish her to come up with an ever better album I am afraid it is unlikely. The only song I was not crazy about was Love Drought but since the album premiere it grew on me considerably. Give it a few listens and the magnitude of her achievement here will reveal itself. Can someone please call Kanye West and tell him that if she does not win the Grammy for the album of the year he is justified to storm the stage and interrupt whomever would unjustly stand there lol",3,4,"May 14, 2016"
10,"One of the best pop albums recorded in the last decade which not only explores beyonces emotional state during a testing time but also solidifies her as more than just an entertainer..",3,4,"May 15, 2016"
10,"A beautiful piece of artwork. Lemonade paints a raw picture of what goes on behind the scenes of Beyonce's life. Her best work yet. Every song means something different, and there are no fillers.",3,4,"May 18, 2016"
10,"This album is best one I have ever heard. While listening 'Lemonade', you'll have a great mix of feelings in your heart. Thank you, Queen B, for this masterpiece.",14,19,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc is a real artist. This album is truly a masterpiece full of passion, truth and strong vocals. The fierce lyrics about Jay Z's mistake and the tenderness on songs like All Night, Pray You Catch Me and Daddy Lessons makes me see her as a person like me, and like all of us. Beyonc can turn her feelings into anthems for the people. And she can also raise her voice for those who has been forgotten for years. I'm so proud of her work, Lemonade is what pop culture needs for now.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lyrically, it's Beyonc's best piece of work by far. Visually it's beautiful, groundbreaking and well crafted. Great songs, well produced and Bey's vocals are everything. It's empowering, it's daring, it's different, it's diverse and consistent.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A true masterpiece, not only does the album has some of the best lyrics about heartbreak and love gone wrong but it also sounds like nothing out there right now. There is something extremely fresh about the album, I've been listening non-stop since Saturday and every time I found something new in both the melodies, arrangements and the lyrics. The visual part of the album is just the perfect companion that makes the whole album a work of art. Normally I can choose the best song of an album easily with the first listening sessions but with LEMONADE, I keep having a hard time to choose as there are 8 songs out of the 12 that fight for the best song spot and that is priceless.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"For over two years I wondered how Beyonce would top Self Titled, but with Lemonade I realize that I shouldn't have worried at all. Lemonade is a complete story from start to finish -- from first being handed the lemons via her intuition and Pray You Catch Me and then taking all of those lemons and turning them into the lemonade that is Formation. In between we are taking on a ride that's a roller coaster of emotions as well as a diversity of sound. Beyonce gave us r&b, soul, pop, rock, reggae and country -- and once again showed the versatility of her voice and ear. What a masterpiece. I'm still unpacking all of it, and I think that will take me some time to do.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lindo lbum, Beyonc  a maior artista da histria da msica, uma grande mulher para nossa gerao, a admiro pela sua voz, sua histria e o que ela traz de bom para o mundo com sua musica.",13,18,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Como diria una americano esto es masterpiece la calidad le gana a lo comercial su disco mas personal y honesto a la fecha. Las colaboraciones con The Weeknd y kendrick son excelentes.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"'I came to slay'
Queen B never disappoints!
On Saturday night, after the premiere of the film 'Lemonade' displayed on the American HBO, Beyonc released her new album - the same title - the first only in TIDAL - and since this morning, also on iTunes (where you have direct shot to first position, course, in more than 50 countries!). As she has shown in 'Formation', 'Lemonade' comes with a strong and positive speech against racial discrimination, a criticism of the imposition of white skin as a standard of beauty, and a further strengthening of the black race - while poking the wound violence to innocent young black men in the United States (only in the United States?), giving more voice to the movement 'Black Lives matter' (black lives matter)",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um album com tal genealidade no merece uma nota menor que essas , dentro da atual situao da industria da msica beyonc vem e nos mostra que ainda existe uma salvao , mas que merecido o titulo de rainha.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is simply an amazing album. Her anger is so naked and  her vocals changes in such a versatile ways. Even Adele cannot reach this level. Cannot understand if anyone question the quality of this album. This is classic and get over it you boring haters.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is amazing!
A real masterpiece! This is art!
She's becoming a legend.
This is what I've been waiting for.
This is what the world needs!!!
This is art!",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"An album very well produced, overflowing political messages, covers reggae, country and rock aggressively and faint when necessary, Beyonce wrote and produced ALL the songs from the CD 'Lemonade', an album that manages to surpass its predecessor in greatness, it is perfect listen to this album beginning to end, especially Hold Up, Daddy Lessons and Sand Castles.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, com musicas excelentes. Melhor lbum Lemonade. Todas as msicas timas para se escutar. Beyonc nunca decepciona, sempre se reinventa a cada era que lana.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  definitivamente o melhor do ano! Um dos melhores lbuns da dona do universo, Beyonc. So tantas faixas boas que fica difcil escolher apenas uma como favorita.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The album is amazing. The sound , the lyrics, the rhythms . Everything perfect. One of the best is the best album of Beyonce's career. The songs seem to be interconnected with each other. You can not even to realize the transition from one track to another . A job very well done and cohesive .",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"tudo muito diferente do que t a hoje no pop mainstream. E um diferente com qualidade. Gente, qual a dificuldade em levantar e aplaudir a Beyonc? Ela fez um lbum incrvel, falando de suas razes, identidade e cultura. Tem rock, country, R&B, pop, hip hop... aprendemos que no  s de farofa que se faz uma DIVA.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Melhor album do ano , uma obra de arte , para quem esta criticando apenas por recalque eu sinto muito , voces deveriam ter vergonha de voces mesmos , muito ridiculo",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Uma verdadeira obra de arte. Isto  o que o mundo precisa: ARTE! Ele traz uma mistura de ritmos com uma incrvel harmonia. O contexto do lbum  absolutamente maravilhoso!",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, algo totalmente diferente do que ela tem dado para os fs todos esses anos, magnifico. Falar sobre esse tipo de assunto  complicado, mas como ela e muitos por ai aborda sem medo do que vai ser dito pela critica.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, com uma sonoridade irreal, uma mistura de ritmos, Beyonc se superou mais uma vez trazendo um lbum recheado de contedo politico, trouxe a tona questes sociais com seu Filme visual e Formation, incrivelmente maravilhoso.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce conseguiu EXATAMENTE o que queria: Um album forte de tom poltico, que d voz para minorias, que abre os olhos da sociedade e exige um grito de PAZ!
E alm da grandiosidade politica nesse album, existe uma inegvel pluralidade de estilos, que s engradecem e abraam ainda mais esse album
==> Rock? ''Dont hurt yourself'' (Com sample de Led zepplin)
==>R&B? '' ''6 Inch'' ( Com The weeknd)
==>Hip Hop? ''Sorry''
==>Country? ''Daddy Lessons''
e o HINO desse album, que tem uma batida de fcil entendimento e letra poderosa
''Freedom''
==> obrigado Beyonce por esse album,  o que tenho a dizer",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is a masterpiece full of soul, humanity, desire, passion. Beyonce deliver something totally different in its solid discography and ascends as his most personal work and that shows that an artist can not just lust.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is the first time I have ever cried listening to a Beyonce album. It made me think and then reevaluate my life and situation. The music is very healing.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc continues to exceed all expectations I have for her as my favorite artist / icon. Lemonade solidifies Bey's influence and prominence in the landscape of American culture.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is definitely the best album of the year. It's fresh, new, nothing Beyonc had make before,it's personal (a lot personal) and raw. It talks about Jay-Z being unfaithful to Bey, with probably Rita Ora (imma kill that ****",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel! Com certeza o melhor trabalho da carreira dela. abordando temas como o racismo, coisa que nenhum outro artista seria capaz de fazer. Parabns Beyonc.",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Camacha deja de ser tan ARDIDA!!!!
Lemonade le patea el culo a ANTI en todo, calidad, voz, ritmos, crticas y muy pronto en ventas. :*
Adems que la rijuaha nunca se va a renovar en su msica, porque solo depende de los Ft :*",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Beyonce, amazing quality! As always the Queen B performing complete works with quality and social engagement ! Every work it consolidates its place in world music ! Strolling through various styles and strands the LEMONADE is a true work of art!",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"there are songs amazing and good; it's an excellent work!. 'Lemonade' is a great comeback to pop music and of course, Beyonc...
The major drawback is the quantity of co-writers...that is strange and gives to understand...'Beyonc needs huge number of people to be noticed and she doesn't write her songs without the help of others (Jay-Z",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work to date for sure. The production is next level, great vocals, and the features were implemented wonderfully. Great intro track, 'Don't Hurt yourself', 'Sorry', Hold Up', 'Daddy Lessons' and 'Freedom' are my favorites so far. The entire album is a Masterpiece",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This album redefines art in its truest and purest form.  Hardly do we hear such rawness and such honesty. I am glad Beyonce did this and showed the world the real struggles we all face in every area of our lives. I am proud of her growth!",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade es el mejor album de 2016, bajo mi punto de vista, Queen B, Se a esforzado  para hacer el mejor de sus albums, anti ju?, 25 ju? lady ju? pienso que lo unico que depronto podra quitarle el puesto es LG5, de lady kuin, bueno katy ju?? nada que decir el mejor album de 2016 hasta ahora :* besos en el shile",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade  um lbum excelente, com vocais surreais (como de costume), letras importantes que vo muito alm de traio (porque parece que certas pessoas s esto vendo isso neste lbum), tratando de situaes atuais... Uma verdadeira obra de arte, coisa rara nos tempos atuais, onde msica com contedo e mensagem  confundida com 'chatice'. Beyonc mais uma vez elevou o seu nvel de respeito. Uma lenda viva que incomoda muita gente burra de gosto bsico.
Obs.: Senhores haters, eu sugiro que vocs se situem, guardem a sua inveja da aclamao alheia para vocs e parem de escrever o que no tem nada a ver com o lbum ou descontar na Beyonc e seu trabalho maravilhoso (onde investiu mais de um milho de dlares e meses de trabalho) a sua infelicidade com a falta de impacto/relevncia/sucesso da sua cantora favorita.
Aqui no  o Facebook,  um site srio de revises. Insulto no  reviso. Ningum te obrigou a ouvir, nem assistir. Se esto se dando ao trabalho de procurar, ouvir e assistir um filme de 1 hora  porque no fundo so fs, caso contrrio, apenas ignorariam. Finjam que seus pais te deram educao e respeite o trabalho alheio e a artista.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"True masterpiece. It's a sneak peak into a person that stays from the media. She truly outdid her self here. The film truly adds a flawless dimension. In a time where the radio and sales control music. This is her saying she doesn't care and she does it beautifully.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc. The artist who truly knows how to encapsulate her artistry into a body of work. She does not only have good vocals, but also knows how to carry on a message through her music. She adopts a concept and carries it on throughout her work. Loving how she is truly proud of her roots and how she denies any form of racial violence. Lemonade is exactly what pop culture needed.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE!!
beyonce ishat a real Artist defines she is not always making the sae stuff nope! this Album offers rock,reggae,soul,funk,r&b AND Country! al thesongs are unique and Special , her voice is just like an angel from heaven she dont Need some technical Support. her voice is enough,,,",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Wonderful album.Beyonce exposed his soul in this album , so pure and transparent....Thanks for that, and the haters left crying...I'm proud of you Bey",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is such a wonderful album. Each song give me a different feeling. Beyonc really surpised us with this great comeback. A strong album that won't be forgotten easily.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Songs in this album sounds differently. Funny like 'Hold Up' and so grandly like 'Freedom'. Visual part of this album filmed so professionally and looks so good. B6 is so epic!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"It's Beyonce's Best Album. The Grammy of Album of the Year have a win. Rihanna never will made a album like this. And the best song is HOLD UP. readys",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Masterpiece, magnificent. The variety of styles that the album offers pleasing many types of audience is the maximum, without mentioning the dark and strong vocals on some tracks... Gorgeous!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"When life gives Beyonce lemons she ensures to make the BEST EFFING 'LEMONADE' out of it!!!
This album is about, the frustrations of living in a glass house, the lyrical eruption of suppressed anger, the strength of granting an absolution and moreover, realizing your own strength and roots and making it a point to celebrate it.  'LEMONADE' proves why Bey is the best in the game right now, competing with herself and herself only and not shying away from breaking the prototypes.
Lastly, immense LOVE and RESPECT to this formidable woman... LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Amazing album! I can't express the love I have for this album it is truly a masterpiece. It deserves to have 90+ here on Metacritic. Every track is either a 10/10 or a 9/10.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"How she manages to outdo herself every time is befuddling to me. I absolutely adore this woman and I am so glad I got to experience the album live on Saturday because I'm calling it from now, this is a moment in music history that will be talked about for years. Beyonce is changing the medium and changing the game and doing it so vulnerably. With the last two albums, specifically Lemonade, she has solidified herself as an ARTIST and not just a pop star (granted the pop star of our generation).",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"' Lemonade ' is more than a simple album of Beyonce is the fight for causes that need to be wide open and shown in many ways , and when artists with the global reach of Beyonc do it , and offer to carry through his art , they deserve to be praised and ears",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"this might be the best album of 2016. Beyonce killed it as always and Lemonade could be the best album she ever made. the songs are very catchy and meaningful and include some features like Jack White, The Weeknd and King Kendrick.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
9,"It's either a love or hate album. And for me I absolutely loved it, I hadn't heard a full Beyonce album before and was skeptical of the high ratings it received...But after listening to the album fully, multiple times, this album surpassed my expectation beyond what I thought Beyonce was capable of. The explosive fierceness of her vocals and the deep heartfelt message behind her songs really stood out for me, and for once I saw a clear vision of what Beyonce was trying to show and portray in this album. Many people giving this album 0 are very delusional and biased, listen with open ears and mind. Yes the songs in this album are not fit for pop mainstream radio but the instrumentation and vocals are pristine and polished. The country song 'Daddy lessons' completely took me by surprise and showed that Beyonce can go outside her comfort zone, somehow this song worked well in this album. This is an album Beyonce should be proud of and therefore a 9/10 from me.",4,6,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is an amazing album which shows the versatility that Beyonce has. The ability to combine a mix of genres but make it all seem cohesive. Beyonce keeps improving with every album, her albums are also much more artistic. I do not hate beyawnce anymore ;)",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Excellence. Her ability to use several genres and mesh them into a cohesive album is amazing. A true masterpiece. Beyonce really is the standard, and she continues to raise the bar with every album.",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Queen B !!
Revolutionary!!
who say that there is lying, because all that the queen Beyonc does is wonderful and this album is no different, on the other hand is one of the best !!",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is easily Beyoncs best album yet, a clear progression from her previous work and a musical triumph. Lemonade is by far Beyoncs strongest album!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Her best album since 4. It has many different genres and dealt with many issues that many people, men and women, face. I hope she continues to grow as an artist because I am loving what she is offering.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",4,6,"Aug 30, 2016"
0,"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",2,3,"Aug 26, 2016"
8,"The album makes me think in a neon cocktails sign with palms and martinis or a panoramic night view of Los Angeles in the 80s. Everybody's Heart Is Broken Now sounds groovy and nostalgic, perfect for a summer night at the beach.",0,0,"May 28, 2016"
6,"Honey, terceiro lbum da inglesa Katy B, est no meio do caminho entre ser um timo lbum e uma verdadeira decepo. Nem l, nem c. No  inesquecvel, mas passa longe de dispensvel. H muitos momentos mornos, mas h momentos que pegam no tranco e entregam o fogo necessrio. Honey, resumidamente,  agridoce.
A ideia central de Honey parece ser o de entregar uma sonoridade eletrnica/dance pop/R&B que consiga, ao mesmo tempo, eletrificante para as pistas e poder embalar coraes apaixonados e/ou quebrado. A melhor definio criada por mim para esse tipo de sonoridade  'msica para fazer danar e sofrer na pista de dana'. Apesar de ter todas as ferramentas e, de certa forma, alcanar o objetivo, Katy B no consegue encontrar uma maneira de fazer o lbum soar melhor do que uma bem intencionada e redondinha coleo de faixas bem produzidas. Ao chamar uma lista de respeito de produtores/artistas com o melhor do eletrnico underground da cena britnica, mas que, infelizmente, nunca encontram a receita perfeita para elevar a qualidade geral do lbum. Com batidas cleans e bem conduzidas, Honey careceu de uma mo mais forte para elevar as canes como  o caso do single Who Am I que tem com um dos produtores o Diplo. A faixa aposta fortemente em uma atmosfera R&B e uma composio forte e, tambm, viciante. Um ponto positivo em Honey  as suas composies que em momento nenhum caem no lugar comum ou se apoiam em clichs bobos. Entretanto, ainda faltou certa potencia criativa para mostra um lado mais visceral e marcante das crnicas sobre amor e desiluses. Um bom exemplo disso  a faixa Heavy que  um trabalho lrico elogivel, mas que poderia render mais com as aparadas de algumas arestas. O que  uma constncia em Honey  a prpria Katy B que transita entre as todas as facetas do lbum, das canes danantes at as mais 'paradas', com um graa, elegncia e versatilidade reconfortantes, aliando ao fato do seu timbre vocal ser deliciosamente delicado e meldico. Outros bons momentos do lbum so Chase Me, Lose Your Head e verso solo de Turn the Music Louder. Espero que Katy B no fique parada nesse caminho, mas que possa no futuro andar alguns quilmetros.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
0,"A pure and utter blandfest. Nothing more than that - this is the definition of mediocrity. But the thing is, it's not the worst album of the year. Oh no, Charlie Puth still holds that crown by far...",2,8,"Apr  7, 2016"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER!!! Include masterpieces such as 'Better Than Youreself', '7 Years', 'What Happend To Perfect', and 'Happy Home', all of the songs that the album feature are AMAZING!!!!!",1,7,"Apr  1, 2016"
3,"Sleep medication companies hate them. Local band, Lukas Graham, discovers the secret to make listeners sleep instantly without the need for sleeping pills. Listen to the entire 40 minutes without falling into a deep snoozefest if you dare!",0,1,"Jun 29, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine deviates from Zayns' previous work and displays the growth in his artistry. It's a cohesive body of work that flows completely through; there are no filler tracks. He really chooses carefully when to sing at full strength and when to pull back and his choices are stellar. The only difficulty is picking a favorite!",26,34,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise  hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",12,12,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice. I really love it.",10,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"There are lot of reasons to say that this album is going to BE the Album Of The Year.
1) The first and the most important reason is the authenticity that ZAYN has brought to this album. His song called 'Intermission:Flower' sees him sing in his native language which is Urdu. It is so nice to know that he remembers and appreciates hi routes.
2) The variety and diversity of the beats in the record.It is very easy to note the slick Production of the record,which is by the Double- Grammy winner Malay-Ho.Each song has its own vibe ,from the soultry ballad 'FOOL FOR YOU' to more upbeat and funky 'LIKE I WOULD'.
3) ZAYN'S VOCALS.It is a well-known fact that Zayn was the best singer in 1d with the best vocal technique and is an A-LISTED singer by critics.It is easy to see why it is so in this albu,. The riffs and high notes with the falsettos are out of this world.
So after one year of him leaving the band, Zayn Malik is showing the world why he did so. ABSOLUTE BANGER OF AN ALBUM,considering it BROKE THE RECORD by becoming the FIRST DEBUT ALBUM to be #1 on iTunes in 70+ countries. ZAYN,the solo artist HAS ARRIVED.
#ZQUAD.",10,10,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"AUMENTA ESSA NOTA AGORA!!! Zayn fez um timo trabalho ao sair da bandinha flop One Direction. O lbum  conceitual, tem timas letras e batidas relaxantes, um debut impressionante. Pisou no Purpose!",9,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"lemme tell you about how god blessed me. he gave us zayn who in turn zlessed us all with this album. it's honestly a soothing r&b  record. :) there's a reggae song on the target exclusive, funny lyrics but his voice totally fits the reggae tune. and there's this oldschool r&b track like Truth and She Dont Love Me maybe and Drunk is my all time favourite, Fool For You and Golden are beautiful. the type of songs you hear in movies.and the songs transistion so well like..any negative comments are from people who don't have an open minded attitude towards genres outside their comfort zone. J'ai fini :).",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Just an introverted boy justifying his thoughts about love, sex and humanity. His uniqueness is in another level, I think Zayn is going to be a memorable artist over the world.",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"One of the best debut albums of all time. Zayn did well leaving One direction. The sounds in this album are incredible and his voice... no words to describe this masterpiece. Proud of him and his music. ZQUAD.",8,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is one of the best albums I've heard in the past few years. I can't remember the last time I listened to an album and didn't want to skip at least one song on it. It's so unique as well. None of the songs are exactly the same as each other, even if lyrically and thematically the majority of songs are about love/sex. They still sound different and stand out as individual songs rather than blending together. I also can't think of one artist whose audience is mostly American/British teenagers/young adults, who has a track in Urdu on their album. Zayn has really gone out of his way to put himself in this album, something that he was never allowed to do with One Direction.",8,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Melhor coisa que ela fez foi ir pra carreira solo. Uma sonoridade relaxante e intimista. Amei o lbum em geral, vocais, instrumentais, enfim, tudo est timo.",7,7,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"people wanna evaluate zayns album for lyrical prowess and intellectbut that was never the plan
if you went non stop for 5 years without any break and you finally had some time to think for yourself would it come out in an organized and articulate fashion?
zayn never claimed for this album to be what people want it to bethe exact opposite of one directionwhat it was supposed to beand actually isis a true reflection of where he is in life, a lyrically vulnerable expression of his past his present and his future
he said it himself, mind of mine is a brainstorm, where hes experimenting with different sounds; a culmination of the craziness hes experienced so far
mind of mine is not trying to be anything else but a reflection of who zayn is, and that takes courage
if music is what he truly loves, then this album was extremely therapeutic for him and hes starting to truly process everything, and i love that; its a privilege to be able to hear the music that is bringing him back to who he is, hes sharing his journey with us, and thats more than i could ever ask for
eta: im seeing peoples tags, and i want to add that this album *actually is* lyrically strong, but i think people were expecting /refined/ lyrics, but thats not where he is right now, and instead of forcing it, he shared where he is, and thats nothing short of genuine and fearless.",7,7,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine perfectly captures Zayn himself-it is an accurate representation of who he is as a person. While every song is different, they all flow together perfectly and show that he has a very versatile voice. I can't wait to hear more from him!!",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may not yet be at Justin Timberlake's level but the effort and genuineness is seen throughout the album. The vocals are brilliant. he will go a long way.",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"better than 1D pop .... songs like pilliw talk its you ....bodrez..tio...fool for you intermission the flowers are my fav....And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"The album starts with the intro where Zayn invites the listener to open up and see what's inside his mind.All the tracks transition smoothly from one to another. The songs are lyrically powerful and each has a different vibe therefore making it very versatile . what is amazing about this album is the track intermission:flower as it is written and sung in Urdu which makes this song therapeutic and very pleasant to listen to and an out of the box effort gone right. There's just one feature and that is by Kehlani and her vocals are beyond amazing , the texture of her voice is sexy and both her and Zayn's voices blend perfectly together.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Amazingly those who criticize Zayn's work for leaning too heavily around the realms of sex, are dismissing the fact that most artists nowadays shy away from the topic and use 'love'  to deter people's audiences away. Lest as an artist he is exploring both love and sex, but not putting them under the same category, which is refreshing.
Zayn's ability to show his heritage through Flower Intermission, shows a more mature side of him. He is allowing people to feel open about their own religion, which can often be frowned upon in media, especially by artists of colour.
As to concur; don't dismiss this album for it's themes, if other albums can be treasured and highly commended even though it is filled to the brim with different lyrics about love, then so should an album that is more exploit.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"I love everything about it. From the intro up to the last song. It just blows your mind. Amazing debut album!",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"For a debut, this is a solid pop-r&b album. Zayn's vocals were the highlight of listening- his voice is the one of the strongest out of anyone in pop today and it especially shines in songs like It's You, Flower and Rear View. His ability to emote in his songs adds a personal element to an album many have criticised for being contrived. Lyrically, the album is clunky in places, but again the superb quality of Zayn's voice and delivery are the focal point of the album for me. As he wrote on every song in the album there is clearly a personal touch, and through his voice you can hear the emotion and effort he put into the album. I really got the sense rather than just trying to produce a cliche album to tick boxes and sell records, he was doing his best so build on the greats that influence and inspire him to show the r&b world what he's truly made of and show off his creativity.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"If you've listened to One Direction pre-Made in the AM, you already know that Zayn is a talented singer. But on Mind of Mine, not only does his vocal ability shine in its full glory  it also becomes evident that he is an excellent songwriter. The album, to me, comes off as heartfelt and well thought-out. It's also versatile, both in musical styles and in moods. You have Like I Would, a catchy bop, you have It's You, a crooning ballad, and you have various shades of modern r'n'b all throughout. And the moods are important, too: Zayn has gone from being toned down and whitewashed in One Direction, to singing in urdu and keeping a beard on his face, and singing about **** and how 'it's time you see the truth'. The song Befour sounds to me like a **** you' to anyone who was rude to him after he left: 'so say what you wanna say/shame is that you won't say that to my face'. But there's a gentle side to the album as well, like in Drunk, where he sings 'right now I'm emotional' and 'I hope I haven't said too much'. I also find it very sweet how he in the sexually explicit Wrong (ft Kehlani) not only says 'I'll get her wetter than ever' but also 'clothes off and she's so soft'.
Mind of Mine is a very atmospheric album, and the only reason I gave a nine instead of a ten is because I believe this is only the beginning for Zayn.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Zayn did me good, there is no bad track on Mind of Mine. All 18 songs are",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"this album > my life. zayn really went off and the only reason yall giving it bad reviews is bc of one direction lol how petty can yall be lmfao. his voice was amazing w/ high notes thru out the album, the beats were poppin, and the lyrics were deep.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"For a debut solo album it's amazing! Zayn seems to already found his own sound such early on and there is nothing like this album. Many compare it to the works of The Weeknd and Frank Ocean but the similarities are quite faint so don't come thinking that when you hear Mind of Mind that it will sound like The Hills or Pilot Jones. Zayn has his own unique sound and no two tracks are a like. Zayn shows incredible versatility in the album as well having upbeat dance tracks, slow ballads and smooth sounding alternate R&B.  Lucozade is probably one of my favorites on this album, it has no chorus or hook. The way the song was written is amazing as well as the metaphors that are instilled through out.This album is like no other I have heard you should give it a listen!",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"This was a fantastic debut by any standards. Standout vocals, some really brilliant production. While his lyrics may have let him down a few times, he's proving more than capable of doing bigger and better on the next album. I really liked that this wasn't a throwaway album like Purpose. The latter's singles were the only songs worth listening to. Whereas this album works far better as a whole, although I find a new favourite each day. I'm excited about his potential! Well done!",6,6,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Love Mind Of.Mind . I am not a big 1D fan but I have always been impressed with Zayn's voice.  All the songs are well produced, the vocals are soaring and nuanced and the lyrics change meaning with each listen.  He should be proud of this album. I am very proud of him!!!!!  I love ' She Don't Love ME' Tio, Befour, Like I would, borderz, bright is my new favorite .",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"splendid...zayn's got impressive vocals... loved lucozade, rear view, borderz, truth & wrong.. every single is enjoyable.. it may not appeal to mainstream audience though..",5,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"I was actually really surprised by this album and the amount of depth Zayn exhibits. I think the subject matter really ranges from the obvious (sex) to songs more focused on his own growth. Production for the album is without a doubt off the tracks. The beats and transitions are so impressive and musically its superior to a lot of artists out there (i.e. JB who puts out the same beat to each song w/ no variety). I think he's really pushing his own boundaries and growing as an artist. It's definitely gets better after a few listens. I recommend the standout tracks as: rearview, wrong, she, drunk, befour, like i would, tio, fool for you, lucozade, and intermission:flower.  it's a really strong album and i think if you listen to it without bias you'll see a lot of promise in him around the board.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I didn't know what to expect from this album but it definitely exceeded any of my predictions. In Mind of Mine,  Zayn really showed off his vocal abilities with smooth runs, beautiful falsettos,  and a thick roughness to his voice that definitely suits him for R&B. This album however,  isn't just R&B; it feels like a mixture of R&B, light pop and a side of EDM. Favorites of the album include :She, Drunk, Rear View,Tio, Wrong, and Lucozade. I definitely would recommend this album to others who love music and are interested in some new fresh material to listen to. Zayn really showed a side to him that many didn't know he was capable of. Very strong debut album!",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I was lucky enough to hear an early preview of this album thanks to the lovely folks over at RCA and I went in expecting good things. I couldn't even have begun to imagine just how good it was going to get, though. The singles we were teased with in the run up to the album release were just a fraction of the talent that Malik possesses: from the spine-tingling vocals and beauty of iNtErMiSsIoN: fLoWeR to the lyrical genius of tracks like rEaR vIeW, almost all mixed with the kind of beat that's going to pulse through summer 2016. I had high expectations of Zayn's debut and he exceeded every single one of them. This is only the beginning; I can't wait to see what comes next. Other highlights of the album for me: the unexpected shift of BRIGHT; the unusual structure and pace of lUcOzAdE; and the summer-ready vibe of DO SOMETHING GOOD off the Target exclusive edition. And that's before you even get me started on the vocals and the range that he's got going for him. Mind of Mine is fresh, unique, and set to put Zayn on the map as a solo artist.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"The sound and the vocals of this album is absolutely incredible. Zayn did an amazing job for his debut album. He provides different sounds but still the album sounds extremely good as a whole.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A great way for him to start his solo career. The album is showing who he is and what he can offer, the songs are great and he has one of the voices from this generation. Can't wait for his second album.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I am not in the age group of his target audience but i have to say the album is so brilliant. I literally opened an account here just to say how good this album is. This young lad has an amazing vocal texture- a real talent right there. There are songs for every mood. Way to go young boy. Incredible.",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"His voice is so raw and beautiful, he has a broad vocal range which you can understand from the high notes he hit especially in sHe and BeFoUr. Every song has its own musical structure which is pretty original and pleasant to listen to. Mind Of Mine succeeded to exceed my expectations from a debut album.",5,5,"Apr  2, 2016"
10,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may be a better headstart than Justin Timberlake's level. most of the songs are great, although some lyrics were weak but still there are powerful songs like befour , its you , Rear View , borders, Truth , Lucozade (which is a fantastic freestyle !), no boring meaningless song. which is very good... overall I really like His album!",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"Mind of mine is not only an music album. Its the dream of a boy that has been fulfilled in his manhood. Every songs are different and I couldn't skip a single song. All songs are my favorite. I also loved the song Flower sung in Urdu and hoped it would be longer.",5,5,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"The album is fantastic. Zayn is a superlative artist, has a great talent and I believe this is just the beginning of a long career for him. Mind of Mine is one of the best albums of 2016!",5,5,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a solid debut for a kid that has been creatively stifled for years. His voice is undeniably beautiful, overall this album is fresh and a hope for the new pop scene! I'm looking forward for his tour! really excited!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"This album is definitely a solid debut. There's a huge range of songs which show off his strong vocal capability filled with funky, well-produced beats. This was not an album made to impress anyone and you can feel its genuineness come through in his raw vocals. You can see it in the little bits of experimentation in different structures of songs and the overall unique sound. Lyrically, he could improve but nothing feels too 'cheesy' or try-hard, which makes it a lot easier to listen to if one tiny thing doesn't fit. This album deserves a few listens, because you uncover more every time. This may not reach the heights of popularity as one direction did but it definitely appeals to a more mature audience and has an overall funky, chilled-out feel to it. If you're willing to step a little out of your comfort zone this is definitely worth a good listen.",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a genre of it's own. As Zayn himself stated, he is not trying to label himself anything. He is just doing what feels right to him and what makes him happy, and this album is the perfect reflection of that. There is some R'n'B influenced sound to some songs, there are some insanely well produced ballads, there is even some chill Reggae  that tastes great with a joint or two.
It doesn't happen often that I genuinely like every song on an album, much less an album consisting of 18 songs! But Mind of Mine is a brilliant exception with not a single skippable song. And you cannot listen to it in any other order than the original one, because you'd be missing the absolutely thought through, magical  transitioning from song to song. (My favourite is Intermission : Flower to rEaR vIeW and BLUE to BRIGHT)
Besides the breathtaking production, other worldy, flawless vocals and genuinely strong songs, Mind of Mine deserves 10 extra points for its diversity and experimental elements. Honestly, kudos to Zayn for not restricting himself to one set genre, for not fearing to experiment and for following his heart. It really did pay off!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the best thing I've ever heard in my live don't @ me. I cried in the middle of the night listening to it for the first time. Zayn deserves all the Grammy's.",5,5,"Apr 13, 2016"
7,"Zayn Malik has already stated he never truly felt comfortable with the music One Direction recorded, even going so far as to say he was forced to re-record vocals if a take sounded too R&B.  Simple fact is, those words paint a picture of someone wanting to stretch out a bit.  On Mind Of Mine, Zayn steps out of the shadow of One Direction for the most part, delivering a decidedly pop-infused R&B album.
Sequenced as it is, the album gets the Im a man now statement out of the way right out of the gate after a brief intro.  Pillowtalk is classic steamy-lothario R&B filtered through Zayns vocal stylings and James Ryan Hos production style.  As the style goes, its been done before, but it gives a refreshing burst of energy to set the tone for the rest of the album.  Gone are the restrained vocal takes of the group he once called himself a part of, and in their place are impassioned, over the top vocals.  Not quite into Adam Lambert-level glamazon over the top, but getting close to it.  And immediately following that, the steamy-lothario mantle drops away and the crooning heart-throb comes out.  Its You is yet another baldly transparent bid by Zayn to show he can do something other than the buffed-to-an-inch-of-their-life pop vocals most know him for.  Transparent, yes, but the hitch here is, he pulls it off, so obvious though it may be, it works, and provides a fine counterpoint to the steamy vibe of the first track.
The best, and at times worst, thing about this album, is that Zayn is too busy trying to be a chameleon.  Is he the steamed up mid-20-something sexpot of Wrong?  Is he the trying-to-be-Sinatra-with-a-falsetto crooner of Fool For You?  The mood jumps and shifts enough to make the album feel unfocused.  Not to say these moments arent well executed for the most part, with a few expected stumbles which one would expect from a debut album (Lucozade is one of them, as the track never really picks up steam, just kind of shows up and fizzles out.)  Also, one of the more solid moments, the propulsive earworm Like I Would is a deluxe-edition only track - a decision that is a bit of a head scratcher.
Overall, Zayn has done an admirable job of stepping out of the shadows of his previous group.  Reports have indicated he is already hard at work on a follow up.  Mind of Mine shows promise - it is simply trying too hard to be too many different flavors of pop glossed R&B for every kind of listener.  To some extent, it reflects the man behind the music - Zayn left One Direction [according to reports] to be able to live a normal life.  The scattered moods found here suggest that he got tired of normal rather quickly.  Looking ahead, even though this approach is a worthwhile effort to avoid being stagnant, (see the 1-note 1-subject slogs of boring cheesed up sexuality that are most of R. Kellys work over the last decade for an example of stagnant) going all over the map to avoid that curse can be a curse all its own.  Sharpening the focus for album number 2 could reveal a truly exceptional slice of this particular flavor of music - time will tell if Zayn and all involved manage to pull it off or not.",4,4,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"I think this is one of the most interesting debut of the past years. All the tracks flow like a stream of consciousness over wisely produced bases. It's a clear declaration of independece from the bubblegum pop and daddy rock vibes of his previous works with one direction. The interlude 'intermission:flower' is one of the most beautiful and most important things of the year so far. His vocals are amazing and impressive, his songwriting is improvable but after all id a solid debut and it can only get better",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing, it exceeded my expectations. You can tell that Zayn worked very hard on this album I'm so happy that he had this chance to express himself with solo material. All the tracks are incredible that it was hard to pick a top three, but the best songs on this album include Drunk, Wrong (ft. Kehlani) and Rear View. Listen to this album you won't regret it!",4,4,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"The most complete album, musically and vocally, since Justin Timberlake's 2020 Experience. It should win the Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2017 Grammy's!!",4,4,"Mar 30, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is the perfect name to describe this album, it feels like a brainstorm, and it works. there's something here for everyone, but it remains cohesive and flows perfectly. in addition, his voice is highlighted in the greatest way, the tracks show his incredible vocal ability and versatility.",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"It seems that many of the negative reviews on this album are due to people just assuming things because Zayn was previously in 1D. If you take the time to actually listen though, it's obvious that he is insanely talented. Disliking 1D's music does not mean you have to dislike Zayn's. I've seen numerous people say that they are not fans of 1D, but that they enjoy Mind of Mine immensely. I think everyone should give this album a chance and not listen to it thinking 'I will hate this because he was in 1D.' There is a wide variety of songs on the album, and his voice sounds great in each one of them. My personal favorites are Drunk and Golden (from the Target edition). I think Flower and Lucozade are interesting songs on the album. Flower was recorded on the spot randomly, while Lucozade was done in just one take. Overall it's a great album and a wonderful start to a solo career.",4,4,"Apr 12, 2016"
9,"For a debut and no doubt a brainstorm of ideas, the album is amazing. Id say he is the best male vocalist out at the moment with incredible versatility. As for the lyrics, at times are sloppy but overall pretty good and he can only improve from here. Im sure people will right him off without a proper listen and there is so much lazy journalism out there towards this album, but hey, their loss.
The stand out songs for me are; borderz, blue,drunk, befour and the intermission;flower sang beautifully in Urdu.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Most of the tracks on the album aren't songs that might immediately make you want to belt out the lyrics. The complexity of some of them, the new and exciting direction gives them the edge of the listener wanting to listen again and again just to really GET that strange vibe. And after a few listens, you realize that oops, the song just became your favorite. Those songs, like It's You with the hypnotizing chorus and Befour with the soothing yet sexy beats, are a stark contrast to the songs that DO actually make you want to nod your head and let everyone in on. Wrong, Like I Would and Pillowtalk feel like instant hits the moment you listen to them. And of course, my personal favorite thing about the record is just listening to Zayn croon out those heartfelt lyric with a voice like velvet, a voice that just screams 'I'm doing me. I'm real.' So to anyone claiming that Zayn is doing this or doing that to be edgy, to make a statement: he's just being himself and honestly, not giving a **** Which is admirable. So yes, I would definitely recommend this album so you don't miss out on this phenomenon.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"it's simply the best solo debut album,rather than comparing him to frank ocean to weeknd,who are already acheived big,He never wrote anything with 1D now he's making music what he always want to make",3,3,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"this album is amazing, i can play it over and over without getting bored. this is definetely a good start for his amazing solo career. very excited to see what the future brings to him and to us",3,3,"Apr  7, 2016"
9,"Enjoyed this album immensely, especially Wrong and Drunk. Flowers which was in urdu was a really beautiful song as well. Majority of the lyrics were good and most songs had a good beat. Importantly his voice and his high notes were amazing.",3,3,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Very impressive and solid debut album. Mind of Mine showcases Zayn's effortlessly smooth vocals over impeccable production, kudos to Malay Ho, XYZ, and Lennox. It is an atmosphere and beats based album which has a variety of influences, ranging from soul, R&B, pop, and even reggae. One of the album's biggest strengths is the diversity of sonic influences, and how it still maintains a singular underlying thematic element to tie the entirety of the record together. Zayn is easily one of the most talented vocalists of his generation, and Mind of Mine further proves this. Effortlessly showcasing a number of G5 notes, Zayn stuns- unsurprisingly. His smooth, decadent tone is one of a kind. And last, but certainly not least, Zayn's inclusion of an entire song (Intermission: Flower) in his native language, Urdu, is a statement in and of itself. In a music industry that is depraved of nearly any Desi individuals, Zayn stands out all on his own as a British-Pakistani Muslim. All in all, Mind of Mine shows glimpses of artistic genius, and what I am sure is a promising career ahead of Zayn. Don't let his boy band roots stray you away from this masterpiece. 10/10.",3,3,"Apr 13, 2016"
10,"Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect!",3,3,"May 10, 2016"
10,"loved it it was good, good job Zayn. His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",2,2,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"AMAZING WORK BY ZAYN!! He wanted a new road from old band One Direction to show a new risky move. From sexy 'PILLOWTALK' to ballad 'fOoL fOr YoU'. Or his dad's Urdu 'fLoWeR'.
You can't miss this brilliant piece of work!! Best album so far with Queen Beyonc, and ZAYN.",2,2,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in",2,2,"May  1, 2016"
10,"Absolutely AmaZayn! One of the greatest album ever if not the best. Sick tunes with profound vocal variations, not to mention the mesmerizing high notes especially the severity of G5 note he belted in sHe. We might have a hard time hearing the songs of this calibre again. Personally i can't get enough of Pillowtalk, BeFour, sHe, Flower, dRuNk, TiO, Borderz, Bright, Like a Would.",2,2,"May  3, 2016"
7,"This is an exceptional album that not many would have seen coming from Zayn Malik. Any 1D fans that were expecting the commercial pop tracks they would typically receive from the band when Zayn was a member would be majorly disappointed by this album. Therefore, Zayn leaving 1D was a huge risk, but clearly a necessary move he had to make since he had his own talent to offer. This album sits high in the current landscape of music along with many other RnB musicians.",2,2,"May  8, 2016"
9,"Mind of Mine is a great album,Zayn is much better solo than in One direction.
The Album has amazing song (Pillowtalk,She,Like i Would,etc...).
Zayn has a spetacular Vocal and differents shades in the songs.
Its a great begin to Zayn....",2,2,"May 12, 2016"
7,"ZAYN  a prova viva de que uma cabea pode pensar melhor do que cinco. Aps abandonar seu antigo grupo conhecido como One Direction, ZAYN se liberta do meio pop genrico e exaustivo que tanto o prendia, e, em seu primeiro lbum solo, Mind of mine, ele apresenta um trabalho formidvel recheado de boas intenes.			A princpio o disco se destaca em vrios quesitos. As sonoridades de todas as 17 faixas so complexas, viciantes e entorpecentes a ponto de te fazer querer mais e mais. Os arranjos assim como as composies so extremamente bem trabalhados, e como se tudo isso no bastasse, a voz sedutora e flexvel de ZAYN torna tudo muito mais claro e prazeroso. PILLOWTALK e BeFoUr, so nitidamente umas das canes mais atraentes do disco, mas  apenas em Wrong que ZAYN beira a perfeio juntamente com os vocais bem acoplados de Kehlani.				Em alguns momentos, as canes apresentam um potencial no muito bem explorado, o que de maneira alguma as torna ruim, mas deixam de ganhar um pouco a mais de credibilidade. O nico breve momento em que o sentido do CD  perdido,  na stima faixa, INTERMISSION:FLOWER.				Talvez para alguns fs que anteriormente acompanhavam o trabalho do 1-D, Mind of mine pode ser considerado uma reviravolta chocante e promissora na carreira de um artista com muito talento e com um inevitvel grande futuro pela frente. Certamente achamos nossa Beyonc na verso masculina. (B)",1,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
7,"O lbum  gostoso de se ouvir,tem um bom fluido e propsito.Os singles so timos,mas as melhores msicas so She e Drunk.Elas merecem um videoclipe.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"The album debut of Zayn Malik is truly amazing. When I finished listening to the album I completely forgot that he was in 1D. This album has sounds unusual but certainly these are a treat for the brain. This is one of the best albums this year. My congratulations to Mr. Malik.",1,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Honestly I am not in in One Direction's demographic but I have been waiting on Zayn's album since I heard his voice in one of their songs in about 2013.  Mind of Mine is really good.  My favorite tracks are ' She, She Don't Love Me', Bright , Be Four , TIO,  actually all of them .  My only complaint is that ' Flower ' should have been longer.  This is an excellent first album.",12,13,"Mar 26, 2016"
9,"With a mix of The Weeknd's sound and lyrics, ZAYN's Mind of Mine it's a different face of Malik's work in One Direction. As it happened with Miley Cyrus' Bangerz, he wants to left the image he had with the band.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Of course some songs stand out more than others, but every song is enjoyable to listen to - there are none that are completely distasteful. His tone helps carry the songs, as it is beautiful and soothing, yet slightly rough too. He shows his diversity throughout the course of the album, with several ballads, such as Fool For You and BLUE. Also, some more R&B influenced songs like Drunk, Wrong, TiO. But what he does which no other Western mainstream pop or R&B singer has done is include a song (intermission) which he sings entirely in Urdu. This album really shows the blend of his cultural and musical influences. His Pakistani roots shine through in Flower (and the end of It's You), and the R&B that he loves so much from his dad listening to that type of music as he was growing up, is definitely incorporated into the album. Another admirable thing, for me at least, is how he is straight to the point; he is incredibly honest with the lyrics and holds nothing back - whether it's talking about falling out of love, his sexual desires, or how he feels he wasted time in the past and now this is his time to be the real him.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"It's an amazing album with songs that are quite pleasant and makes relax if you feel stressed out, and the best part of it it's Zayn's wide vocal range, you can hear through the entire album and it makes you feel like you're in heaven.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his debut effort, this is exceeds expectations. The vocals are emotive and raw, you can actually feel him pour his emotions into the songs. I've seen people say how he's singing about sex. Yes, he is but that's not all? If you actually listen to the lyrics it's an even mix of pain, being made to feel like a puppet and manipulated, how he's had a rough time with love, and how he'd go above and beyond for the one(s) he loves. Saying he's just singing simply about sex is and insult to him and his music. This is an album where every single song is a jam, whether it's a dance song, something chill, or a ballad. Not one song is just a filler for the album, which says a lot considering there's 14 songs on the album, 18 on the deluxe version, and 20 on the target exclusive.",9,10,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"album maravilhosoo pisou na discografia do 1dlixo, serio muito bom mesmoooooooooo um luxo de album, 1d could never, pisou nos lixossssssssssssssssssss",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his first album, he has managed to pull together an album that not only expresses himself as a talented singer-songwriter, but also gives the listener a sense of the potential they should except from Zayn in the future. The songs fall into a wide-range, and each one has a personal touch from Zayn himself. His music is a far-cry from the manufactured pop he was singing from 1D.
The album is very cohesive and beautiful.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Amazing sound! I think this is a great start for this young man. His writing improved a lot since his time in one direction and he really could do something different than when he was in the boyband . I personally think the songs 'rear view' and 'fool for you' are the two shining parts of the album followed by the intermission wich was really a surprise.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the debut album from Zayn Malik, the former 1D star. It exhibits his high quality songwriting skills laced with steamy and smooth vocals. The album produces amazing musicality and it's hard to pick any one song that it is truly lack anything. Tunes such as Lucozade or Blue might cause the average listener to stray away, however, music lovers might take note in their absolute rawness. This commonly called 'PRnB' album puts a funky spin on the genre. If you're into alternative RnB, neo soul, or just looking for something new, give the album a good two listens and be amazed. Malik manages to deliver an exquisite LP that will surely leave you wanting more.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His first album and is already the most acclaimed of the moment. Mind Of Mine deserves a great recognition with well-produced songs, it's a really great job.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Its a solid debut album. I already knew Zayn had the best voice in One Direction but never had an idea about his song-writing ability. The lyrics are awesome especially in the song 'Lucozade'. His vocals are moody, sexy,expressive and full of riffs and runs. R&B is exactly his forte and he has shown mastery in it. His peers will have a lot of pressure now that he has set a standard already in the mainstream music.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"WOW..I never had thought that I would actually like..not like but LOVE an ex boyband member's album. When this kid first left 1d I thought he would flop real hard but boy he proved me wrong. The album is really impressive. With the touch of Justin Timberlake's early stuffs, little Miguel and Frank Ocean and a large portion with 90s R&B Zayn not only proved he has a great knowledge how R&B works but also has very strong vocals to support it. The writing could be slightly better but I am sure he will learn more as he experiences more in life. Its an excellent debut album. R&B lovers would love it.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"SImply magnificent. You know it is a special record, when you see your 48 YEAR OLD DAD jamming to the songs and asking me,' HEY WHO IS THIS KID? IAM LOVING THIS RIGHT NOW. ITS BRINGING BACK SO MANY MEMORIES OF THE 90s'.
Everything about this album, from the whole VIBE and the SICK BEATS to the amazing VOCALS by ZAYN, just makes it worth it.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM TO ALL THE MUSICLOVERS OUT THERE .DONT MISS IT.",8,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"Despite there being a few duds along the way (my least favourites being BoRdErZ and tRuTh, where the album runs the risk of becoming slightly mediocre), but overall I really enjoyed the cohesiveness of the sound of the album and Zayn's impressive vocals.",7,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"A highly anticipated album and Zayn did not disappoint. His melodic, well controlled voice is evident on all the tracks especially on It's You, Fool for You, the urdu Intermission : Flower (i wish this was longer..would have loved a full song), Rearview, Wrong. Definitely looking forward to more things from Zayn.",7,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"MELHOR LBUM EVEEEEEEEEEER. Quero Drunk, Wrong, She, TIO, LIKE I WOULD, FOOL FOR YOU COMO SINGLES. Quero muitas performances, muitas high notes, pq ta demais esse lbum, Parabns !!!",6,7,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"HINRIOOOOOOOOOO, PISOU REI. Impressionado como esse album  bom, viciadissimooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo nos hinos",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind if Mine is a beautiful album that deserves Grammy nominations. Don't listen to biased critics who are favoring the shady 1D machine. It is pure poetry and Zayn really displays his talent via a myriad of great bops like Drunk, Rear View, Befour as well as sings soulful ballads like Pillowtalk and Flower. This was such an amazing debut album.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
8,"Great sound different to his one direction days it feels like this is the music he always wanted to make. Great to listen to when doing work as it keeps me motivated.",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Amm Zayn. Que hinrio da porra, no tem uma msica ruim, s tem hinossssss. Primeiramente Mind Of Mine, segundamente primeiramente. ZAYN EU NASCI PRA TE AMAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"king zayn slayed with his debut album he is coming this album is best album of 2016 Amazing  vocals and songs he really workd hard on this album it shows amazing album zayn Good Job!!",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"absolutely amazing, he's so talented and his songs are absolutely incredible, great vocals great songs. loved it. so glad he left one direction and can finally be himself.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is an excellent first album, Zayn got soul in his  voice; this album is very well produced, he proves that he has talent, a versatile voice, sexy and powerful, I can't pick a favorite song cause they are all different and beautiful. He's a true artist.",5,6,"Apr  7, 2016"
7,"E com esse lbum que percebemos um dos motivos de Zayn ter sado da 1D. A sonoridade,composio ... completamente diferente do pop clich do grupo. Zayn funciona definitivamente melhor em carreira solo.  Vocais timas,com batidas que te fazem viajar.
Detaque para 'Pillowtalk' 'Drunk' e 'Fool for You'",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"Zayn's vocals are truly exceptional in this album. This album is mature with regards to its sound and production. It has a certain Frank Ocean feel to it but, however, fails to impress lyrically. The album is also quite long and could have been leaner and more precise. Overall, this is beautiful piece of work with special mentions to the songs- Like I Would and It's You.",8,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Zayn said that he wanted the album to be as honest as he could possibly make it, and that really comes across. He's not really holding back, even with things that others may use to put him in a bad light. The album is so emotionally loaded and somehow also really mellow. It makes me wanna cry, but it also makes me wanna chill for the next decade. It's beautiful in every way, lyrically, musically, vocally. Everything is about this album is great. He is so talented and his range is out of this world. This album is just so distinctively ZAYN. It comes across really sincere and genuine. Kudos to Zayn for this. All his hard work has paid off. It's amazing!",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"zayn managed to put it all together. he found his real self . rnb is definitely his kind of music. his amazing vocals is just perfect for this album.  he's definitely off to a great start",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I'm so **** happy Zayn released this album. For me it's perfect and I can't stop listening to this. It's one of my favourtie albums for sure. Zayn is my habibi.",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
8,"A great album to break your typical boy band image, but in the vast sea of R&B albums, the album stands almost nowhere. His sultry vocals, musical production, Collaboration with Kehlani are the highlights of the album. The album however can be easily forgotten.",4,5,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Honestly this is the most versatile album ive heard till yet ! Every song is sung PERFECTLY n moreover every song has its own style n beauty ! ZAYN is the new image of music industry ! He is not a person who does a lot live shows or promo or wanna be famous n earn money ! He does n wanna do all that gives him happiness n that's what is good about him ! He has topped charts n started a NO1 solo career without BIG PROMO ! His music is what does the talking ! GREAT ALBUM 5000/10",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"One of the rare albums i listen from first to last song without skipping. Everything on point in this album, vocals,  lyrics, melody, production. Excellent job Zayn. My kudos!",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Zayn's first solo album is really good and has a koind of chill feelong to it. His vocals are insane especially in iT's You, Blue and INTERMISSION: Flower. Every song is good!! The more I listen to the album, the more I love it.",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A fantastic album with good songs. ZAYN gave us what we were not waiting, when you listen to it you will buy the album, because it's fantastic. LIKE I WOULD, SHE, PILLOWTALK AND OTHERS SONGS ARE AMAAAAAAZING, THE WHOLE ALBUM IS PERFECT, BUY IT :)",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"This is one of those albums you can listen from beginning to end without skipping ahead. There's something for everyone. Zayn outdid himself on this impressive debut. Raw, honest lyrics, amazing beats and sexy as hell. He has definitely left his 1D sound behind him with this album. Emotional, mellow at times but never boring. I haven't even mentioned how spectacular Zayn's vocals are. It's heaven for your ears. Do yourself a favor and pick this album up. It's a gem. Don't let the 1D antis sway you before you give it a chance. You won't regret it.",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I have always been grown up with R&B/urban music esp 90s R&B and Zayn revived my childhood days with this album. What was this precious gem even doing in that boyband ? There are songs that remind me of Boyz II Men, Stevie Wonder, Rick Astley, Prince and some latest like Frank Ocean and Chris Brown also  slightly. His vocals are undeniably great with .great soul in the lyrics and composition. An EXCELLENT album for a debut artist. I loved the entire album. Thanks to Zayn for creating this masterpiece.",6,8,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Great vocals, nicely done for first album. enjoying every minute of it!!! replaying a million time.... kinda cool!
I read almost all the reviews by 'critics'... these people don't understand ****. They are criticizing him for singing about sex... which planet are they living on??? almost half the songs out there are about sex! oh please!",6,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"There is no doubt that Zayn has done something different with this album. Even starting with the way his tracklist is written. You can say that it's childish, but that's how he wanted to express himself and for someone that's been in a cage for five years that is more than okay! I had a lot of high expectations for this album and when i first listened to it, I must say he's outdone himself. This album, in my personal opinion, is one of the best that has been released so far this year! The beats are really amazing work. Zayn has done well choosing Malay Ho, MYKL and the mysterious xyz as his producers. It all comes together very nicely on this record. If you listen closely and know a little bit of Zayn and his story, the lyrics are really deep too and show a lot of him and his story. Every song is very unique and special in its own way and in my opinion, there is not one bad song on there. His vocal abilities are also getting displayed very nicely. Yes, that boy can really sing. He is really a talented boy, there's no doubt about that.",3,4,"May 10, 2016"
10,"I'm so proud of Zayn. Everything is perfect on this album : the lyrics, his voice ... Every single song is a master piece. I'm so happy that the world get to see his beautiful mind.",8,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
5,"Every time she tries to rap on this mixtape it gets pretty hard to listen to however i did enjoy some songs on this mixtape. Azealia banks was never really my type of artist but i did find this mixtape her worst piece of work. I did however like her debut album.",2,2,"Apr 17, 2016"
7,"Since her 2012 debut, Harlem girl from the block Azealia Banks has been real easing some of the most exciting, dazzling, and danceable hip hop music in the game and following the release of stellar 'Broke With Expensive Taste' doesn't fail to impress with 'Slay-Z'. A lively collection of 8 songs, 'Slay-Z' shows some new sides of Miss Banks (a la 'Queen of Clubs', 'Along the Coast') as well as further embellishing the stye she does best, her self-proclaimed witch-hop/hip-house ('The Big Big Beat'). The collection of songs is bold but lacks the overall cohesiveness Banks displayed on 'BWET'. Highlights are the Detroit-house influenced 'The Big Big Beat', UK funky-house-sampling 'Can't Do it Like Me' and the subdued pulsing mermaid anthem 'Along The Coast', produced by KAYTRANADA. Songs like 'Queen of Clubs' and 'Skylar Diggins' fall flat with their dated production and Rick Ross assisted 'Big Talk' fails to leave an impression, going nowhere musically or melodically. 'Riot' featuring Nina Skye is great middle ground between Banks' hip-house and a more mainstream sound that sounds a bit more generic but still very fresh. Overall, 'Slay-Z' works to Banks' advantages and allows listeners to see what they have in store for the future.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
0,"Awful, the album way betttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttter
...........................................................................................",1,1,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"May not as good as 'Broke With Expensive Taste' or 'Fantasea', but at least it can stand out for itself.
I expected more, and though.
................",3,4,"Apr  8, 2016"
10,"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas bish yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas!!!!!! SLAAAAAAAAAY THEY ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,4,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"'Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger!'",1,2,"Apr 11, 2016"
0,"Awful, she needs to retire and go live in a shoe or something. this was really bad.
Unoriginal and lacking in creativity, Her first album was decent though but this mixtape is a mess.",1,3,"Apr 26, 2016"
5,"Her music just doesn't catch me at all.
Nothing personal. She's not my style, I think. Although her debut album was better.
__________________________",1,5,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"This mixtape is amazing, i love 'The Big Big Beat', 'Can't Do It Like Me', 'Along the Coast', 'Big Talk' and 'Used To Being Alone'. Azealia is one of the best female artists in the industry. She slays my life.",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
10,"nao esperava menos da dona do rap atualmente ne amores essa mixtape destroe carreiras s resta aceitar outras s tentam nao  mesmo rainha merece mais reconhecimento",0,2,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Great mixtape with well produced and good rhymes songs,Work a little different from the previous, but not disappointed, Banks actually sends good rap.For me the best tracks are 'RIOT' and 'SKYLAR Diggins'.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
7,"I think this mixtape is a good step in the right direction for her, I think Broke With Expensive Taste is better though. The album is quite cohesive, however, with quality production throughout.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
5,"I like her whole style and attitude to music. But i can't help but believe that whilst being 'artistic' she appears generic and almost unwilling to grow. It seems like almost a watered down version of Broke With Expensive Tastes.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
6,"Aprs avoir tt le terrain avec quelques singles qui sont passs inaperus, Gwen Stefani est de retour. 10 ans aprs son dernier album, elle propose des sons efficaces rappelant certains de ses anciens titres tout en tant ancrs dans leurs temps.
Pistes  retenir: Misery, Truth, Used To Love You, Me Without You, Getting Warmer, Loveable.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2016"
10,"In 2016, I intended to listen so many album without skipping a song, but I failed. However, this is the first album that I listened without skipping. So many hits and emotional ballads. All of you should listen this album. Alsoi Gwen's voice is fabulous.",1,1,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"The best album that i hear in this year, i love so much that gwen come back, i just love it, is more than i wait, Bravo gwen, ist very good for me!!!!",1,1,"Apr 19, 2016"
10,"This album is just amazing. No filler songs at all,Perfect and unique vocals,fun AND intelligent lyrics,perfect Production,VERY catchy and memorable melodies... It's the perfect comeback album.It will probably not be as successful as her old ones because she left for so many years,but it's definitely her best one",3,4,"Mar 19, 2016"
9,"I can't say I was really a fan of Gwen Stefani before, but she's definitely won me over with this album. It's delightfully fun and catchy, and it's paced very nicely. As I was listening, I was worried the album would be front loaded like most pop albums are, but actually it's consistently strong throughout, and there really isn't any filler. This is a very strong, enjoyable album. Props to Gwen for stepping up her game here!
Standout tracks: You're My Favorite, Send Me a Picture, Me Without You, Rare",7,10,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"Gwen Stefani's first solo endeavor in 10 years, 'This Is What The Truth Feels Like', is an honest, smooth, and ultimately refreshing album which documents the singer's recent events in her life (her divorce from Rossdale and new relationship with Shelton). On 'Where Would I Be', a reggae-pop gem, Stefani sings in a love fueled haze, stylistically reminiscent to her early days in No Doubt. Songs like 'Red Flag' and 'Naughty' seem to discuss her ex's infidelity and bring him to shame. The standout tracks are without a doubt 'Truth', a sweet, honest track where Stefani accepts the way her relationship has turned out, and 'Rare', a beautifully produced guitar driven, mid tempo track where Stefani sings about the new love she has found and how special it is to her. Without a doubt 'TIWTFL' is Stefani's best work as a solo artist and will hopefully be recognized as so.",8,12,"Mar 18, 2016"
9,"Despite initial fears about this being a hastily cobbled together effort, it proved to be a surprisingly solid listen. None of the songs here quite reach the highs of her previous solo efforts, but they are all consistently good. It was well thought out: Everything that made a Gwen solo record unique (quirkiness, nostalgia, lyrics) are present and correctly updated in here. For me, it's already a wonder that we got a new Gwen album (after 10 years!) but what makes this beyond amazing is that she delivered. Makes me so proud to be the biggest Gwen fan among my friends.",2,3,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"One of the best pop albums of 2016. She goes into the personal without being too literal, and turning every song into a ballad, she can make a song that's personal, but still fun and pop.",5,8,"Mar 19, 2016"
9,"Gwen has always shined in the melancholy, letter-to-someone style songs ever since 'Don't Speak' from No Doubt's 'Tragic Kingdom.' Here, 'Misery' and 'Rare' are complete stand-outs in this vein, the strongest examples of the instantly lovable, melancholy bliss pop that are both just as good as Sweet Escape's 'Cool.'
Mainstream music publications miss the point entirely with Gwen, by and large. Her current persona is a logical, matured evolution of the serious/silly, ska-punk, peacocking bad-ass she's been since 'Just A Girl.' While the 90's and 2000's music and culture sensibilities let Gwen inhabit the campier pockets of her image, 2016 critics have forgotten this is who she is in this regard and our ideas of pop culture have eschewed that 'wink and a nod' aspect of pop. On tracks like 'Naughty' and 'Red Flag' her sarcasm and pomp are on full blast - again, classic Gwen in her sensibilities. She has always played up the humor in the brusque machismo she embodies, here that has never been more apparent.
'Where Would I Be' is the Gwen-iest song yet, a sample of all her hallmark styles and musical history in one track. Yes, the album is of two faces in its tone (who says that's bad?) and this track is the perfect mesh of both sublime sad-pop and upbeat dance hall beats and chorus.
She's an odd fit into today's pop landscape, but a welcome tonal diversion from the utterly sugared or overly serious pop acts of today. 'This Is What The Truth Feels Like' succeeds by giving us both heart and energy.",4,7,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"'This is What the Truth Feels Like' is one of the best albums of this decade and definitely will make you a fan if you never were a fan of gwen! everything on the album is amazing",5,9,"Mar 18, 2016"
4,"I actually think Gwen Stefani can write a great pop song. The thing that irks me is her obsession with herself. The whole story of her break-up from that geek from Bush, her new relationship to some pop-country joker, and her new album happened in the span of a couple months. The album follows verbatim this uninteresting storyline of everything that we already know happened. 'I was with a guy for a long time, then it ended suddenly, but then I picked up some other vacuous hotty in a few minutes.' It's not all that brave or revealing.",6,11,"Mar 19, 2016"
10,"After a ten year wait, we are finally gifted a third studio album. At first, I was very excited but also very weary. It could be good, it could be bad. Though I've liked every song she's released in the past few years including No Doubt's 2012 album Push and Shove. But for some reason, I wasn't expecting anything great. However, I was stunned when I first listened to the record in it's entirety. I was proven wrong as soon as I started listening to the record. It felt like a Gwen Stefani record almost immediately but in a much better way than it's predecessor The Sweet Escape. I'm excited to see where this record goes. Because it's definitely my favorite record of 2016 so far.
Favorite tracks: 'Rare', 'Where Would I Be', 'Red Flag', 'Me Without You', 'Misery'.",2,4,"Mar 20, 2016"
8,"A great album. I think I'm in the minority in thinking that Red Flag is perhaps the best track on the record (it's fun, interesting and has catchy beat). Send Me a Picture is the lowest point on the album.
I just wish Gwen and her writers would consider not repeating EVERY LINE in her songs. Literally every verse repeats itself before going into the chorus, and most chorus' repeat the same line up to 4 times (Asking 4 It, Misery, Rare, Naughty).",1,2,"Mar 22, 2016"
7,"After ten years of waiting, Gwen is finally back!  I really do love this album.  It's bubbly, fun, sarcastic and not to mention that her lyrics really shine this time around.  She is so awesome, and  she sounds fresh and rejuvenated from her ten year break.  Love you Gwen!  Keep it up!",1,2,"Mar 22, 2016"
10,"Simplesmente uma das melhores surpresas e um dos melhores lbuns do ano. A espera, enfim, valeu a pena. A mudana de gneros e ritmos d um ar fresco, as melodias, cheias de assovios e sinos, fazem seu popozo danar. T escrevendo vrios cocos s pra aumentar a nota do lbum.",2,5,"Mar 18, 2016"
0,"9s and 10s? lol You kidding me? This is one of the most boring pop albums i've heard this year. The lyrics are so over the top and melodramatic at times, and other times she tries to bring the glory back from her past albums. It was just a complete fail IMO.
PS. click on my username and see my other reviews of music and games.",0,4,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"I also join other users in thinking the official critic reviews really miss the mark on that one.
What they miss, among other things, in the album is it achieves something at an emotional level, it is about healing and it really captures that and shares that very well. You can hear wisdom and healing in gwen`s voice, and that is very comforting to people I am sure. I can tell it comforts me at any rate. It's really nice to have this element of emotional connection between listener and artist in an album, that should have been a part that was not missed by the critics, but I think they listen to things without much care sometimes and without expecting to find a more subtle meaning.
The originality of the lyrics and melody should not eclipse the general meaning and emotional success of an artistic project.
The album has a personal growth, spiritual  beautiful peaceful aspect to it. I think the best art often has a spiritual aspect to it  (which does not necessary mean religious, atheist artists can convey that sometimes). I mean spiritual in the sense we can hear her wisdom.
Also its extremely interesting to see her evolution as an artist, from an exuberant phase as a solo artist to this version of her in a more tried time, and yet find the same personality behind both versions.
One critic here criticised negatively the fact she speaks about herself. Its true, but why is it a problem, when she certainly does that in a very interesting way.
My favorite songs are probably:  me without you and you're my favorite, they are really interesting, because they capture both a past hardship and the relief. For exemple on one of these songs she sings 'oh I think I worked this out, finally worked this out'  and at that moment the song captures the moment where you solve something, were you still remember the hardship but you made it through.",0,1,"Mar 22, 2016"
6,"When Gwen was touting a new solo record with atrocious singles Baby Dont Lie and Spark the Fire I was awaiting the pharrell fuelled dud that it inevitably would have been. The Sweet Escape was a mixed bag at best and paled in comparison to its predecessor and any No Doubt post Tragic Kingdom. When the record was scrapped to start a new I re-mained a little hopeful.
With the release of Make Me Like You a sparked curiosity for the new record was restored. The summer-y 2000s California Pop number finds Stefani oohing and ahing over shimmery keyboards and snappy snares. Her signature coo delicately strutting overtop bouncy bass and angled guitar. It managed to stun in a way that previous confessional single Used To Love You didnt quite.
Confessional Gwen is what made Gwen famous. Her best songs have always been confessional. Some of which ironically were written about her now ex-husband (a supposed influencer to this material). But unfortunately this record doesnt do a whole lot in dealing Truth but rather avoiding it. Which is perfectly fine, its Gwens prerogative to discuss what she wants to, but as a result the art suffers a bit.
Instead of getting a sincere look into aftermath of her divorce, we get a lot of hashed adoration for her new beaux, fellow The Voice coach Blake Shelton. Most of which is sound tracked by fairly trendy but uninspired instrumentation. A 2015 brand bland-ish trap/pop hybrid. In a review for The Sweet Escape Stylus Magazine stated that Gwens at her best when shes combining two or more genres together. A sentiment I agree with when you consider No Doubts successes in blending Ska/Punk/New Wave, or L.A.M.Bs hybrid of 80s/Dance/Pop. This is seen on Where Would I Be (a clear highlight) in which 2016 EDM meets Gwens Reggae tinged roots for a pretty lively banger sure to be a summer smash.
The whole record is a little top heavy. With the aforementioned tracks highlights, as with the bouncy step Misery, the bitcrushed drip drop beat of Youre My Favourite, and the slight grower of first single Used To Love You.
The rest is pretty filler, but not offensive missteps for the most part. The Soca tinged EDM in Send Me a Picture and Asking For It sound fine. And the attempt at sassy trap inspired Red Flag and Naughty feel like a grab for the sound of something current. Though the latter two divulge into some cringe (Gwen hasnt really been able to pull of white girl rap since Hollaback Girl), Red Flag does intrigue from the offset trap verses with lamenting strings and choral harmonies.
The ballads Truth and Me Without You arent anything particularly remarkable nor offensive. Electropop closer Rare ends on a similar note. Unless youve indulged in the deluxe edition in which many extra tracks of NOPE have been added (save for the 8-bit dancehall of Getting Warmer which couldve easily been swapped for absolutely atrocious international edition closer Loveable, and perhaps some of the less then stellar standard tracks).
I find Truth holds up more cohesively than The Sweet Escape, but its a bit of a missed opportunity. Perhaps the tragic subject matter wouldve been handled more interestingly on a No Doubt record (and it somewhat already has). Heres to hoping that next time Gwen finds back her pop charm.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2016"
6,"for the most part, its the same ole gwen. the best songs are where would i be, make me like you, red flag, and naughty. the problem is there are no strong songs like cool or 4 in the morning like on her other two albums.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2016"
4,"O que aconteceu com, Gwen? Demorou tanto pra lanar algo pop e veio com esse lbum que se voc ouvir por completo uma vez nem se anima em ouvir de novo.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2016"
10,"Despite two years of hinted release dates and cancelled singles, Stefani's recent release doesn't disappoint. Catchy opener 'Misery' is a high, starting the album on a minty fresh note. 'You're My Favorite' somehow manages to successfully incorporate synths reminiscent of video games, while the marvelous 'Where Would I Be?' manages to be stuck in your head until your deathbed. 'Make Me Like You''s disco vibe is another high point, while the soulful titular track, 'Truth', is comparable to the work of Ryan Tedder. 'Used to Love You', easily the album's track with the best lyrics is heart-wrenching and at times, emotional. 'Send Me a Picture' is a playful, risqu track that hints at sexting Blake Shelton. 'Red Flag' is a bit odd, but just enough to work; it's definitely not a bad song, just a bit out of place. 'Asking 4 It' will be an obvious candidate for a single release, despite Fetty Wap's incomprehensible contribution. 'Naughty' has so much sass that you may need to pause for a second after listening to let it sink in. 'Me Without You' and 'Rare' are probably some of the album's best work, allowing Stefani to close the album on a successful and high note. In the deluxe edition, 'Rocket Ship' also is single worthy. The EDM-inspired 'Getting Warmer' is an example of how much Stefani's sound has changed, and how good it sounds. 'Obsessed' and 'Splash' are both good, but no necessarily the quality of the album's majority. Overall, This Is What the Truth Feels Like is a successful album for a singer who deserves more attention. I wish the best to Stefani and her first #1 in 20 years, since 1996's fantastic Tragic Kingdom.
Listen to: 'Where Would I Be?', 'Rare', 'Getting Warmer'",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"This could possibly be Gwen's best album. A masterpiece. It doesn't feel like an album that's been rushed or has fillers, it feels like something Gwen really did want to put out.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2016"
8,"Tracks like make me like you, used to love you and asking 4 it stand out the most, this one of her best works and the best of Gwen Stefani she returns with a good pop record.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2016"
9,"At first I wasn't sure if I should get this album but after listening to it for the first time it was totally worth it. It isn't the boring same old generic pop record. No fillers here for me. I really like rare, obsessed and Truth",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
6,"This is not the best Gwen Stefani's album, even The Sweet Escape have most memorable songs in it. This Is What the Truth Feels Like is an album full of emotional lyrics, but with a sound less memorable. The big songs are Used to love you, Truth and Make me like you. But with Send me a picture, Asking 4 it and Getting warmer make this record like a disaster. It's not bad, but she can do it better.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2016"
5,"Gwen Stefani has been the 'it girl' of pop music for quite a while now, both when in No Doubt and solo. She's know to be both feminine and tough, a stylish peacock and a zesty punk-poppette under one ultra-blonde roof. But lately as of the past 4 years, Gwen has not been able to capitalize on what allured the public back in the 90s through early 00s. The comeback record with her band, 2012's Push and Shove was one overproduced career suicide. She then has had another child and reinvented herself as a Judge in The Voice, drawing a whole new audience that had not been there when she hit it big. The Truth Is What The Feels Like comes hot in the heels of a turbulent period in her life: a divorce to Gavin Rossdale and the start of a new relationship with her Voice-costar, Blake Shelton. She presents the album as a healing vehicle for this period of upheaval, and decided to record only as a form of catharsis. Gwen has never shied away from honesty both in and off record, and the lyrics in Truth are intimidating and even at times awkward in their naked transparency. Songwriting through grief is never easy but it seems like fertile terrain for the energetic, theatrical vocals that have become Stefani's trademark, and that served moments like Don't Speak or Ex Girlfriend so well. Despite some use of autotune here and there, most of the time Gwen sounds terrific. Sadly, the same can't be said of the production and songwriting: at their worst, the former can be painfully plastic and the songwriting laughably disjointed. Gwen herself claimed that this the message of the songs had been more important than the sound this, and you can tell. Nobody's asking her to go back to the cool mash-up aesthetic of her first two solo records, she no longer has it in her, but the production courtesy of Rotem, Mattman and Robin and Kurstin is almost dispirited in its pop trendiness: some icy trap beats here, some exotic Diplo-style breakdowns there and the rest all minimal and graceful arrangements. And the songwriting varies from very good (seldom), frustrating (most of the time) or completely awful (a case or two). Songs like ''Asking For It'' and ''Me Without You'' have beautiful verses only to then trail into senseless and blandly repetitive choruses that suck out all their emotion and personality, while the dancehall sampled chorus and cheerleader chants of ''Where Would I Be'' feel strangely tacked-in and forced. It seems that Gwen and her team should have taken more time with the record, to polish the sounds as much as the songwriting. Because despite all the inspiration and emotional investment put on it there still seems to be a level of compromise beneath it all, given the rushed and lazy results. The only perfect track here is ''Rare'' a sweet and ethereal disco number that has sounds like an instant classic. The rest is mostly missed potential.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
7,"Gwen Stefani is a legend! All her albuns are amazing and extremely pop, in a good way. And after 10 years, her new CD still sounds like that. No, we don't have anthems like Hollaback Girl or The Sweet Escape, but songs like 'Obsessed' and 'Asking 4 it' , they are potencial hits. We also have honest and simple songs like 'Used to Love You', with perfect lyrics. Unfortunately 'Baby don't Lie' isn't on album.
Compared to the other two albums , 'This is What the True Feels Like' is an average, but also great.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
10,"This album is so addictive.I love Getting Warmer, Obssesed, Make Me Like You and Rocket Ship. In conclusion this is album is AMAZING. After this album I am a fan of Gwen Stefani",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
10,"His return to solo marks the end of a long wait, the album is a power of different musical style as she knew always do from LAMB, a big favorite for 'Rare', the album is perfect.
A fan of France",0,0,"Aug  8, 2016"
10,"I've had this album on repeat for weeks. It's nothing but an endless journey filled with joy, sorrow and hope. I love it. It's the best debut album I've ever heard.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This girl and this album are totally perfect. She's so young and talented. Her voice and her lyrics are totally unique. I've never seen something like this! I need a video for all songs right now haha. Favorite songs are: Conqueror, Running With The Wolves, Warrior, Under the Water, Black Water Lilies and her cover of Half the World Away. I also have to say I love her Norwegian accent, it makes her English sound beautiful :-)",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
0,"I slept twice times listening to this album! AURORA really showed that she actually have talent, but I still think her type of music is too different for me.",0,2,"May 21, 2016"
10,"who run the world? AURORA, s vim mesmo pra aumentar a pontuao kkkkk LINDA, DONA, ALBUM INCRIVEL, isso s prova o quo AURORA tem o potencial, para fazer uma obra de arte quanto essa, QUEEN",0,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"Beautiful, poetic, unique, and much more mature musically than he 19 years of age would suggest - All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend is an amazing debut from the very promising Aurora.  If the music doesn't hook you in the first minute of the album, then your finger is not on the musical pulse.  Compared to the handful of female contemporaries who all seem to sing in the same voice, Aurora's ethereal and honest voice acts like a candle that cuts through the middle of a dark Norwegian forest.  She has a very promising future ahead of her.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
7,"Chvrches, Purity Ring, and especially Lorde, warmed the music market to minimalistic pop music, and were followed by a wave of not-so-successful indie pop artists with teenage dilemmas and sweet voices filled with synths, like Halsey, Troye Sivan and Melanie Martinez. The 19 y/o Aurora is distinct from the others. Channeling singer-songwriters like Florence Welch, Sia, Lykke Li and even Bjrk sometimes, 'All My Demons...' is a beautiful debut. Its cold nostalgia, fragility and melodic creepiness recalls what Purity Ring did in Shrines, although less electronic and not so well executed. Aurora is a very talented artist, with a bright future ahead; some of the mistakes made here will naturally vanish while she matures as a musician and as a person.
Best Tracks: Runaway; Conqueror; Winter Bird; Murder Song (5,4,3,2,1)",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"Albums like these make me scream YAssss queen!!!!! Listen to it, masterpiece. I like the melody and her vocals are so good. When will my faves? 10/10.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"It took me a bit to warm up to this album, but I actually think it's pretty awesome and I can definitely see myself listening to this one many more times in the future. It's crazy to think that someone who's just 19 years old is capable of releasing an album this mature. Most artists that age write about shallow things like young love, partying, etc., but Aurora's songs are different. They're honest, emotional, and deep, and everything from her vocal delivery to the dark, dramatic production serves its purpose well. A few of the songs feel like they need a little kick in the butt to get going like the standout tracks, but for the most part this is a very strong debut and Aurora shows amazing potential as an artist.
Standout tracks: Runaway, Lucky, Murder Song (5, 4, 3, 2, 1), Under the Water",0,0,"Mar 19, 2016"
10,"luv this sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh iconic albummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hahahhaahhaha so good i loved so much",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"NOW I have to take my WIG off because this record is a snatch!!! Recommended, I love the songs so much, they are one of the best things to listen to if you are an indie music lover.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"Um dos lbuns que marcaram a minha vida esse 2016, espero ouvir da prxima vez um lbum melhor, sem desmerecer a qualidade do mesmo. AURORA, uma artista que merece ser valorizada tanto quanto qualquer artista... Uma das melhores que j vi.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"All my demons greeting me as a friend is a super nice album to listen to, the songs are wonderful that causes the body is light and makes you feel good.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This is good music , very respectable , deep lyrics and refined bases . Italy is waiting for you , AURORA.
My fav song: Under The Water, I Went Too Far and Winter Bird.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
9,"She's like a small Sia and has a promising future in the world of music. His distinctive style puts a small differential in the alternative style. Today an original artist is really hard, but she managed to be unique in a musical field where everything seems much the same. For a debut album, she did incredibly well and successfully, I hope she remains unique in its work in the world of music, a young man really promising.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"I've been waiting for artist and album like this all my life. AURORA has so much to offer and doesn't need controversy or scandals to make you interested in her. She gets you with her emotions, messages and beauty. All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend has kind of angelic sound but also makes you want to fight, cry and love everything and everyone around. Feelings are the thing she builds her songs on which I think is the original meaning of music and it is great for me to watch someone so young bringing it back. These songs are strong and just beautiful and every single one of them is worth listening. I confess there are some parts of this record that I don't like that much but then she always steals my heart back again with another huge hymn. Runaway, Winter Bird, Through the Eyes of a Child and Under the Water are just unbreakable and hit me every damn time. I have to say my thank you, AURORA, for these blessings you sent into the world. I only hope you and your music will never change in the future because of business influences or anything similar, I am in love with you just the way you are.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  maravilhoso,ele me deu vida,cada msica era um prazer aos meus ouvidos.Ela merece ser reconhecida pelo mundo todo,mas no mercado musical,hoje em dia s espao para o clich.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"Runnin with the wolves!!! Oh My God is the best song of the album, but all the songs are pretty good, i dont know her since i hear that song in youtube, so i hear all the album and i love it",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
8,"Incredible vocals! Even though she acted when she made those songs she did a great job. She made a nowadays album! I think she could've made an effort with lyrics, some of them are just great but nothing much. Broken Glass is one of my fav because she shows she has a f*cking great voice! She's an artist",4,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Best lbum of the 2016 and one best in pop. its excelent . new rhythms for sia , best vocal and the best lyrics , sia, this lbum shows the power to make good music . This is the real pop lbum.",4,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"Undoubtedly, the record This Is Acting was in the list of the most anticipated albums of the year. Finally Sia shared with fans of the result of her long work. Concept eighth album was announced long before the release: songs written for other artists, and rejected them, among the performers - Rihanna, Adele, Katy Perry and Cheryl.
Before we actually have pop hits: After Chandelier we have hit after hit, and This is Acting is all 12 at once, or still not? Anyway, there is an idea why these compositions are still not been adopted by other artists. After listening to a few tracks in a row is a feeling that they were recorded as individual singles, do not vary greatly from one to another and do not constitute a single album.",3,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"this new work from Sia surpassed its predecessor album, this album brings a totally different thematic of all the latest albums released, make an album with 90% of the songs rejected by other artists is not for everyone! Luck of Sia and fans because this album is wonderful",3,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"Credit where credit is due. This album is primarily made up of songs Sia has written herself for other artists, who ultimately rejected them. First, brownie points for writing your own material, unlike some performers (I'm looking at you Beyonce). Second, more points for having the vocal talent to perform them on your own without computer assistance (I spotted a few pitchy moments). Finally, points for giving consideration and care to your non-anthemic pieces. Everyone loved Chandelier and Elastic Heart, myself included, but the real strength of this album isn't in the bangers that will most likely get the air time (Alive), but rather the more nuanced spots like 'Reaper,' which is my favorite track on this album.
Bottom line, Sia is extraordinarily talented from both a songwriting and artistry perspective. She deserves the success she has had, and this album is a good showing overall, while I don't believe it will attain the same societal pervasiveness, it will further endear already budding fans into full-fledged devotees.",2,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
8,"Amazing album. Much better than 1000 Forms of Fear. So happy than those mainstream artists rejected these beautiful songs and Sia could own them :) Favs: Cheap Thrills, Unstoppable, Space Between. 8/10 for me.",2,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"This Is Acting  um dos melhores lbuns de Sia. A cantora retornou cheia de fora e sentimento, deixando de vez os bastidores e se transformando em uma nova Diva Pop. Amei! No consigo parar de ouvi-lo.",1,1,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"Incredible vocals! Even though she acted when she made those songs she did a great job. She made a nowadays album! I think she could've made an effort with lyrics, some of them are just great but nothing much. Broken Glass is one of my fav because she shows she has a f*cking great voice! She's an artist",1,1,"Feb  1, 2016"
9,"Unstoppable, Move Your Body and Set Free Bird son las perlas de este CD. No hay canciones que no me gusten. Solo un par que yo personalmente no hubiera puesto (House on Fire y Footprints). El lbum no es original, es muy parecido al anterior a nivel de sound, pero si que lo es a nivel de tema: ella acta sus canciones escritas y rechazadas por otras compaeras (Adele, Beyonce, Rihanna, Katy Perry, Shakira...).
Un muy buen CD. Espero que tenga el xito que se merece.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"Great album. Sia makes this album work. The way she can make her voice twist and soar is incredible. Nice album to just listen to start to finish. Highlights are: Cheap Thrills, Alive, Bird Set Free, and Broken Glass (my personal favorite).",1,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"It sure is a better album that many out there that need to be bought by multinationals and distributed freely to avoid failure.
This album shows that it is possible to make good music with just a pen.
It proved to be the best without having to make the conceptual and different line.",6,7,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This is another great album by Sia, even thought is not as risky as 1000 Forms of Fear its still a adventurous album showing us a side of Sia we were waiting to see, listen to all those tracks written for another artists in the voice of the original composer is just magical as Sia takes us in a delightful ride listening to nice, danceable and enjoyable music,",5,6,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Sia nos mostra que tem um potencial incrvel, letras boas, melodias agradveis e um flego pra nos levar a ouvir seu lbum at o final sem cansar. Entre canes danantes e baldas fortes a cantora australiana consegue realizar um bom trabalho e o resultado final do this is acting  maravilhoso",5,6,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Oh this holy album is everything in my life. Sia did a very good job with all these perfect songs. Glad the artists rejected these masterpieces so that Sia could sing them for this masterpiece!",4,5,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Excellent album. Every song is great and Sia's vocals are outstanding. All the artists who rejected these songs, except One Million Bullets, are really dumb.",7,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"By far, this is the most pretentious album Sia career. Organize and quickly produce an album with tracks discarded by other artists is something great, if it wasn't a little tragic.
Most of the album has the same sound of this precedent, '1000 Forms of Fear', but with less drama and dark in the compositions. Here, we see Sia safer and relaxed lyrically, precisely because those are compositions that she wrote thinking in other artists, it's pop compositions.
Within production, the album follows a general pattern radio. More different musics in this regard are 'Move Your Body', a super dance track discarded by Shakira, 'Reaper' (co-produced by Kanye West) and 'Thrills Chips' - the latter two being ignored by hitmaker Rihanna.
In the end, 'This Is Acting' is a common pop album, like any current mainstream music would sound. That's all.",12,16,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Now this is excellence in form of pop. Every song is a masterpiece and memorable. Can't wait for Sia's next album which will be written and produced entirely for it.",6,8,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"While Sia has declared her awareness of the cheese factor in her hired-gun material, with its broad themes of self-empowerment and survival, she has a real gift for making it palatable.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"I am torn between a 7 and an 8, but I'll give a 7 for now. The album, in totality is good. It is cohesive and gives you a good idea of what Sia was trying to achieve with it. However, what I didn't like was the fact that many of the pre-released songs seem to rehash the chandelier formula, especially instrumental wise. The same drum machine sound in similar patterns/beats.  However, there are some songs on this that I found very new and refreshing, which to me is an indication of a good body of work. Such songs include Cheap Thrills, Reaper, Move Your Body, Sweet Design (love it), and the triple key change sweetness of Broken Glass. Unsurprisingly, these are the best songs in the album. The worst ones are the ones that sound thematically similar to her previous songs: Alive, Unstoppable, House on Fire. The others are just fine.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This Is Acting is a really good album, really love it; all the songs sounds like hits, and some lyrics are just wonderful. Don't underrate it and give her a chance, listen it, is really awesome!",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
9,"No h o que comparar ao 1000 Forms Of Fear, afinal, isso  atuao, ela est apenas interpretando msicas escritas para outras pessoas, destaque para os vocais poderosos em Alive, Space Between e Bird Set Free que para mim  a msica do lbum  que mais combina com ela, basta reparar na letra.Move Your Body, Cheap Thrills e Sweet Design mostra um lado pouco visto de Sia e que deveria ser mostrado mais.At por que nem s de msica conceitual  viver o homem.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This is.... AMAZING! From the first track till the last one it's just perfection! There are some songs that are not that good but the absolute standouts such as 'Cheep Thrills', 'Move Your Body', ' Bird Set Free' and 'Unstoppable' overshadow the small imperfections!",3,4,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"For me, this is the best record of the year so far, although it may lacks the emotion in 1000 Forms of Fear, but it's just as good, after all, she didn't wrote the songs for the album, but for another artists.",5,7,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Really good album, similar to Sia's last effort. Her strength lays in her distinctive and very emotional voice, as well as in the talent for songwriting.",10,15,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love broken glass. A must listen seriously!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",6,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"Sia does a good job keeping her identity while impersonating several pop divas in her new album, This Is Acting. She nurtures with maternal love her children rejected by their foster mothers, getting the best of each track. Mrs Furler is a pop artist to the bone, and her work displays all the great qualities of mainstream music, and all its nastiest flaws too.
Best Tracks: Cheap Thrills, House on Fire, One Million Bullets",2,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"This Album is the best of 2016, Sia is one the true artist, and have one Big Talent. In This Album, Sia Pick all your feeling and transform in Music. One True Art",3,5,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Knowing that all those singers, like Rihanna and Shakira, rejected those wonderful songs makes me so happy, because these songs sound amazing in Sia's voice.",1,2,"Jan 31, 2016"
10,"Com certeza no  o melhor lbum d Sia, mas cumpriu totalmente com a proposta, timas msicas que te deixam sem entender como algum artista foi capaz de recus-las, o lbum est maravilhoso, e os vocais inigualveis como sempre!",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"Amazing vocals, awesome lyrics! Sia is showing even more versatility. Its better than 1000 forms of fear, in my opinion as a Sia fan. I hope to see amazing videos and justice for Sia on Grammys.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"De longe o melhor lbum do ano e um dos melhores dela! Abre com uma das letras mais fantsticas que a msica j foi agraciada. O lbum se distancia completamente de seu antecessor '1000 Forms Of Fear', o que s comprova que Sia no  mais uma caadora de fama e ateno. Fantstico.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
9,"O lbum mesmo por ser uma verso de msicas descartadas,por incrvel que parea, consegue criar uma atmosfera entre cano,produo e vocais que cativam e envolve a quem o escuta!. This is acting  um misto d pop/soul que lembra lanamentos anteriores (1000 forms of fear e We Are Born) e talvez esse seja o ponto negativo na produo,pois querendo ou no ouvintes necessitam de algo que surpreenda e inove diante a discografia. Destaque para canes como Alive,Birds Set Free,House on Fire,Footprints e Broken Galsses.",1,2,"Feb  1, 2016"
3,"The previous record '1000 Forms of Fear' can be The Dark Knight of Sia's long and lengthy discography. This new record is her Joel Schumacher's Batman and Robin.",1,2,"Feb  2, 2016"
9,"Bird Set Free, Alive and Move Your Body are absolute belters and standouts, really impressive, the rest of the album is above average, 1000 Forms of Fear is still fractionally better I feel :)",2,5,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Sure this is the best her album. There are songs in different styles of music. Alive is pop, Move Your Body is dance, Reaper is reggae, Space Between is indie, etc. I love all of the songs in this album. The conception of   creating of the album is original. Sia gives to the album songs the second breathing. If to talk about songs, they are powerful vocally, many of them have a deep sense, many of them are easy to perceive. Generally, this album is very good. As I am a Sia fun, so my score is 10 from 10.",2,6,"Jan 30, 2016"
0,"Sia was attempting to repeat the success of '2000 forms of fear'. Releasing an album full of rejects was very risky. It's pretty clear why other artists rejected them. Not her best work. Disappointed.",3,11,"Jan 30, 2016"
1,"This album not was the best of sia, I think that she could make it better, lyrics are right, but sounds... could make it better, it's my opinion, nothing more",2,9,"Jan 29, 2016"
0,"Sia wanted to repeat success of her last album and make 2000 Forms Of Fear. This album is really bad, how can she be so lazy to take all the BAD songs recorded for other artists and release it? I like old albums by Sia but this album is very annoying, boring and everything sounds the same, disappointment.",3,16,"Jan 29, 2016"
0,"I really had high expectations from Sia but I must say that this album is below average. I don't really get the idea of recording an album full of rejects from other pop stars. I think it's lazy to do so. Very disappointing project.",2,13,"Jan 31, 2016"
4,"This was a pretty risky move for Sia. Releasing an album of 'rejects' is inevitably going to make people even more critical of it than they normally would, and I'm sorry to say that with many of these songs, it's pretty clear why other artists didn't want them. There are a few good songs like Bird Set Free, Alive, and Cheap Thrills, but for the most part this is a very bland album. Sia is a talented songwriter, as you can tell from her other albums, but here it sounds like she isn't really being herself, as the title implies. She's trying so hard to be mainstream and appeal to the masses that she's lost much of her originality and appeal. Her vocals are what saves this album from being a complete failure, but otherwise there is a mediocre pop album like any other.",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
5,"This album sounds just like '1000 forms of fear' i'm not saying that is awful, but she can do so much better, she need to do something different, but the album is not bad",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
6,"Parace que a Sia lana as mesmas msicas desde Titanium. Tem que inovar, garota. Pior que nem de Alive eu gostei muito. Gostei no comeo mas j abusou.",0,3,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"A bold pop album with good, catchy tunes that were unfairly rejected by other singers.
album highlights: Move Your Body, Alive, Powerful.
Minus 3 points because it feels repetitive at times.",0,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
5,"Album assez ingal. Aprs nous avoir propos un solide album avec 1000 Forms of Fear, Sia revient  un album qui semble tre un rejet d'anciennes dmos.
Que vient faire la chanson Sweet Design qui est assez inaudible?
Saluons tout de mme la puissance du titre Broken Glass qui est mon coup de cur de l'album.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"A pretty average album. There are some songs which dont go with her voice and the album does NOT go in a flow either but songs like Move Your Body, Cheap Thrills and Alive make it baring. Much better that Rihanna's album ANTI though.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
3,"The concept of this album is really cool. Sia taking songs she wrote for other artist who rejected them and recording them of them. The only problem is I can totally see why these songs were rejected. Alive isn't nearly as good as songs on '25'. Rihanna has evolved past 'Cheap Thrills' and 'Reaper'. While 'Unstoppable' is a good song its not as strong as 'Confident' by Demi Lovato.",0,2,"Feb 15, 2016"
3,"Sia is an amazing artist and has a LOT of potential. I just didn't feel that this album was all that good, I was expecting more drama, more passion and more emotion. I did not get that",0,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"The whole concept of the album is that all songs were rejected by other artists now that surely sounds like a bad idea from the get-go, but Sia manages to make it work. She transforms into all the artist that the songs were sent to yet at the same her personality shines through in all of them. Don't get mistaken by the idea of the album this is a Sia album and a great one at that.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
5,"I can understand why these songs were rejected, most of them are very uninteresting. There are still great songs like One Million Bullets, Move Your Body and Sweet Design, but This Is Acting sounds like a mess compared to 1000 Forms of Fear. A bit disappointing",0,0,"Feb  3, 2016"
6,"This album is a mainstrean version of Some People Have Real Problems. As much as we have very good song working by themselves, even the dispretentious 'Sweet Design', in a whole we have a scaterred album, a lack of sincronie between the tracks.
On the other hand we see a a different, danceful, a party girl version of Sia, differently from the emotionally-happy We Are Born. Unfortunately the Greg Kurstin production, even though is good dont make justice for the work, sounding like a repeated formula of the unique 1000 forms of fears. As we see a try to make the beats from it happen again and fail in its comparison we see a weak and unfair productio of what could be the most adventorous album ever from her. We can see it by the outsatanding track Reaper produced by Kanye West.
Sia vocals never dissapoint though, So what we have is a good common pop album, and in a week that Rihanna released her alternative project ANTi, pop music fans can enjoy a record like This Is Acting for the next 12 months and this is enough to make a pop album a good album.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"For me, critic is the way to make an artist boost up and can continue their journey and become a better person every step of the way. Music is supposed to be relieving, have soul and deep or hidden meaning, and this album describe all of that. So, it doesn't important if this song is rejected by other artists, it's not because Sia not good at writes, it because Sia writing another one. Sia still co wrote Flashlight despite of Bird Set Free that didn't released to those film.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
7,"After 2014s triumphant return of singer/songwriter and powerhouse vocalist Sia with 1000 Forms of Fear, she became a household name. What ended up being a slightly unconventional and potentially downright uncommercial move ended up really bringing more attention to the project, leaving Sia in a very similar position of notoriety and success shared with the pop stars she started writing for when she retired.
1000 Forms of Fear adopted some of the trendier and pop leaning sounds Sia had been using writing for others, all the while balancing them with quirkier elements of her taste and darker more personal lyrics.
This Is Acting curiously takes this further as its comprised almost entirely of songs written for and subsequently rejected by other artists. The concept being that these arent things Sia would necessarily say herself, but rather an act. This isnt particularly unfamiliar territory for Sia as her vocals were reluctantly used on massive hits like David Guettas Titanium (meant for Alicia Keys), and Flo Ridas Wild Ones (meant for Katy Perry). Stating in an interview of the latter that she would never say I want to shut down in the club. This is repeated on This Is Acting with self confidence anthems like Unstoppable harkening the former and a slew carefree dance tracks all of which employ uncharacteristic (and perhaps even off brand) lyrics for a Sia song.
The results on This Is Acting is somewhat mixed. Starting with Bird Set Free Sia wails triumphantly over a brooding arrangement of her freedom. Moving into Alive, the most Chandelier like track, Sia laments over a chugging rhythm before exclaiming with the utmost power and pain that Im Alive!. An obvious highlight, this track speaks to the albums successes. Her signature creak, cracks, and squeaks inject so much emotion, passion, and texture in the vocal delivery that I feel Adele wouldnt have been able to.
One Million Bullets, the only song on here Sia wrote for herself, is blissful and torn, oddly dark and uplifting power pop. Her voice subtlety ricochets before soaring into an explosive chorus. These would have felt absolutely at home on 1000 Forms of Fear. However, from here on out we traverse somewhat uncharted territory.
Move Your Body, an EDM club banger initially meant for Shakira, starts with Sia chanting and eventually inflecting in Shakira-esque fashion. Unstoppable fails to make much of an impact as the pop landscape is now so saturated with a Sia penned inspirational uplifting anthem. Cheap Thrills thumps with Caribbean undertones singing of spending an inexpensive night out on the town. Though odd chanting children, and alien like auto-tuned backing vocals add a bit of the Sia quirkiness to this track thats largely a miss from this album.
Kanye collab Reaper finds a way to take the dark subject matter and make it sunny and somewhat breezy. House On Fire (a personal favourite of mine) attaches light and sunny pop rhythm with a sneakily catchy and smooth vocal line, juxtaposed with the dark reality of the lyrics whilst also taking cues from motifs found on her last record. Its after this song where the record kind of dips of.
Footprints suffers too much from its clich to make much of a meaningful impact as a love song. Sweet Design takes the sampled funk of BDay era Beyonce, with half enunciated lyrics about booty that sound awkward coming from a persona like Sias. The slight middle eastern tint is nice on Broken Glass but the song stays somewhat stagnant as Sia cries of perseverance for loves sake only to be shaken up slightly at the tail end by a glitched out vocal part that appears before the song wraps up. And album closer Space Between finds Sia straight up wailing over an atmospheric backdrop, but not in a way that is affecting like Cellophane off of 1000 Forms of Fear. The listener struggles to find the slightest redemption in this chore of a song as it trudges along.
Ultimately This Is Acting is a somewhat interesting, if also somewhat wholly unsatisfying experiment. This is certainly Sias least consistent album since Colour the Small One. And this isnt at the fault of The Acting pers, but as the initial intrigue in hearing Sia perform her best Shakira and Rihanna impressions quickly wane when youre left with the reality of the mixed bag thats This Is Acting. Its entirely conceivable to understand why some of these songs were passed on. But the versatility might offer a little of something for everyone. Whether its the more typical Sia in the absolutely emotionally affected and devastating power pop songs, the odd dance songs that worked, or the odd dance songs that didnt. While I find Sias voice satisfying enough to listen through the record (save for perhaps the closer) its absolutely understandable why this album will fall short for so many.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
8,"'This is Acting' takes an interesting concept (That of using songs written for different artist) and turns it in to a beautifully constructed album, with some of Sia's bet work to date. Since these where written for different artist, it gives Sia some experimenting into different styles of music. 'Cheap Thrills' or 'Reaper' where originally written for Rhianna, and you can tell due to their up-beat production and lyrics but, since Sia is doing the Singing, we see a 'Happy-Go-Lucky' side to her that we haven't seen in a long time. And it works...really well actually! Sia has always been a strong vocalist but here, she brings her voice to some new limits, and even breaks those limits sometimes, such as in 'Alive' and yet, it feels empowering instead of irritating, something that can be very hard to due. The production is also very experimental with songs like 'Reaper' or 'Move Your Body' and, for the most part, it works really well. These song have so many different small details to them, that it adds up to an interesting listen! All that said there are bad songs on the album like 'Unstoppable', which is just tiring to listen to, or 'Sweet Design', which try's to paint Sia as seductive mistress with a 'Sweet Design' for an ass, but fails miserably. But even with that, 'This is Acting' proves to be an experimental done right, with great work from everyone involved.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
6,"I like it. But do not sound different from the others works by Sia. The lyrics do not vary as formatting and some musics are very tedious. Some songs are very powerful like 'Alive' and 'Bird set free'.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
7,"There are moments where Sia is at her absolute songwriting best, powerful, deep and drawing the listener in to every verse, but ultimately, an album comprised of songs originally meant for other artists is bound to be a bit uneven. I dont think this was ever intended to be an artistic masterpiece, but it sounds like Sia had so much fun recording it. Some beautiful moments, some weaker tracks, but overall enjoyable.
My Top Tracks: Unstoppable, Broken Glass, Space Between",0,0,"Feb 10, 2016"
6,"Sia Furler has come a long way since her great fifth studio album, 'We Are Born', that should have been her big breakthrough. The singer/songwriter had a lot to bring to the pop industry and she proved it more than once on big, yet never quite unique, pop songs she wrote for major artists as Rihanna, Beyonc or Katy Perry.
After a very radio-friendly and heartfelt sixth album, '1000 Forms Of Fear', good but too polished to be as fascinating as her early works, Sia who is now well-known as an artist, a songwriter but especially as a performer, reveals an album that is worth listening to for his concept : 'This Is Acting' is composed by songs Furler has written originally for huge names of the pop industry but that were refused.
The concept is fascinating, the idea is here and it makes the attention surrounding Sia's recent music worth it. 'This Is Acting' is the testimony of an artist who wrote some of the biggest songs of these last few years without being acknowledged. It also highlights the fact that the pop industry hides talented artists (and writers) who will give their material to big names even though they could bring a lot more to the pop landscape than those superstars but they are not supported by their labels.
'This Is Acting' is an important album. Unfortunately, the music isn't as fascinating as the concept. Sia's performances are truly outstanding, smart and they add a certain rawness to the unsurprising pop songs. The writing is good without being innovative and the production, even though it is sometimes catchy and nice to listen to ('Cheap Thrills', 'One Million Bullets, ''Sweet Design' with that unexpected 'Thong Song' sample), is pop at his most basic state.
Saying we can understand why these songs were rejected was because they weren't strong enough would be lying : 'Reaper' could have been a great Rihanna's single and 'Footprints' would have definitely been a great addition to Beyonc's recent works. On the other hand, the songs lack of personality (even though it's kind of the point) and consequently the important and interesting concept fall short.
'This Is Acting' is still not Sia's comeback to her alternative roots, we are far from her innovative and creative pop. Yet, the new album is definitely worth listening to and it will please the massive pop audience expecting another batch of radio hits from Sia.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"Bird Set Free: #snatched
Alive:  #multiplatinumsnatchedt
One Million Bullets: #notsosnatched
Move Your Body: #nohairwillevergrowovermyheadanymore
Unstoppable: #multiplatinumsnatchedt
Cheap Thrills: #multiplatinumsnatchedtcaribbeanstyled
Reaper: #snatchedkanyestyled
House on Fire: #weaveissafe
Footprints: #snatched
Sweet Design: #myasswassnatchedt
Broken Glass: #multiplatinumsnatchedt
Space Between: #multiplatinumsnatchedt",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"WOW! This is Sia, kids! It's best album of the January! Oh my God, I love it! My favorite songs - Alive(for Adele), Bird Set Free(for Adele or Rihanna), Move Your Body(for Shakira), House On Fire(for ?), Sweet Design(for Beyonc), Reaper(for Rihanna), Cheap Thrills(for Rihanna), Unstopteble(for Demi Lovato or Katy Perry). Thank you, Sia!",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
9,"Even though this album wasn't as great as 1000 Forms of Fear, there are some great songs on here and Sia's vocals are on point throughout the album.  I think why it was hard to really get into this album was because of the bland beginning.  With the exception of Alive and Bird Set Free, tracks 3-5 should have been omitted.  Despite that, I loved the playful nature of the album and its production.  Sia is still great and loves to experiment which is why she is so much fun to listen to.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2016"
10,"Sure, it may be a bit more pop than her last album, but her voice is so robust and unique that I can't help but enjoy every minute of it. If any other musician made an album this great, the reviews would be through the roof...the reason for the bad reviews are because so many people expected another 1000 Forms of Fear. I like her new and old music alike! She still sings with more passion and soul than a lot of artists out there, not to mention she pens most of the music she sings.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2016"
9,"I heard this album because my partner insisted on playing this constantly for three days. Sia undoubtly proves that she not only has an impressive voice but shows her outstanding ability for writing songs. I loved this album but was distracted all the way through it, wondering who she was acting for. In summary it is a brilliant album but something's missing. Maybe it's the artists?",0,0,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"Potencial incrvel! Me apaixonei nos primeiros singles, batida das musicas inconfundveis como Sia faz, adorei seu novo trabalho. Legal de sua parte montar um lbum com todas as suas musicas rejeitadas por artistas mais atuais. 1000 Forms of Fear no passa a mesma prosperidade desse lbum.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
9,"A powerful album with strong singles and tracks ('Alive', 'Bird Set Free', 'Footprints', 'Cheap Thrills') that delivers a feeling of empowerment and, at the same time, the sense of letting your weaknesses out through the screams that define most of the chorus of the songs. Sia provided unique yet highly appreciable vocals.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"Sia tem uma qualidade vocal impressionante e somada aos timos arranjos: temos um dos melhores lbuns do ano!
Ela veste bem a forma de 'atuar', como ela se prope, em cada faixa e faz parecer que ningum poderia cantar tal msica! Ser injustiado nas premiaes, tal como os passados, porm no por falta de qualidade, pois isso tem de sobra.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
7,"um bom lbum. No mais que isso. Obviamente no se compara com o que foi o anterior, at porque esse  um lbum com msicas descartadas, mas ainda assim  bom.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2016"
9,"1. Bird Set Free 9.8/10
2. Alive 10/10
3. One Million Bullets 8.6/10
4. Move Your Body 10/10
5. Unstoppable 9.7/10
6. Cheap Thrills 10/10
7. Reaper 8.1/10
8. House On Fire 8.8
9. Footprints 8.1
10. Sweet Design 9/10
11. Broken Glass 9.6/10
12. Space Between 10/10
13. Fist Fighting A Sandstorm 9.9/10
14. Summer Rain 10/10",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
7,"Adele, I know you've got one of the biggest selling albums of the last few years (25) and you broke a ton of sales records and stuff, but seriously...you **** up. Same goes to you Rihanna, Shakira, Beyonce, Demi Lovato and anybody who passed up on one of Sia's tracks. The album kicks off with Bird Set Free, a song rejected by Rihanna, then Adele and then Pitch Perfect 2. Adele actually co-wrote the second track, Alive, with Sia and Tobias Jesso Jr. but it never made the cut on 25. Both of these songs are absolutely explosive and to be honest I'm glad they retained Sia's incomparable vocals (especially that god damn bridge in Alive). These two songs are a pretty solid way to start off the album, both tracks reaching for that huge anthemic sound that Chandelier had, which catapulted Sia to mainstream stardom.
In case it wasn't clear, the idea of Sia's 7th record right here is to compile a collection a songs the Aussie songwriter composed for other singers but ended up keeping for herself. So when you hear Sia exclaim 'News travels fast when you've got an ass like my sweet design' and get deeply confused, she's just channeling Jennifer Lopez. Speaking of channeling; you can actually hear the intended artists voice replicated on some of these cuts. The most notable has got to be Move Your Body, where Sia basically becomes Shakira, accent and all, and oddly creates the best Shakira track in years (once again, you **** up).
It's when you hear tracks like the aforementioned Shakira throwaway that you realise the title of this album makes more sense than you think. Sia is genuinely a talented voice actor, perfectly tapping into the artist's voice the song is intended for, making the guessing game pretty easy. The fact we get to hear Sia sing styles and lyrics we never would have otherwise, is actually pretty refreshing and definitely a total departure from her dark and personal 2014 record 1000 Forms of Fear. If you were a big fan of that album you might be a little disappointed with This Is Acting, but anybody who's a fan of Sia's vocal work and songwriting in general definitely won't.
Sia can't take 100% of the credit for these songs though, the list of collaborators on this album is pretty long. Sia teams up with Greg Kurstin for the fourth time for some of the album's best tracks such as 'Move Your Body' and 'Cheap Thrills', co written and produced by Kurstin. Jesse Shatkin (co-writer/producer of 'Chandelier')  is back again too producing hits like 'Alive', 'House on Fire' and 'Footprints' to name a few. Kanye West even shows up here weirdly enough, producing and writing track 7 'Reaper', which is a bit of a let down considering the star power behind it. Other artists that had a hand in this project include Tobias Jesso Jr. (co-wrote Adele's 'When We Were Young'), Christopher Braide (co-wrote/produced 'Space Between'),  and Jack Antonoff (lead guitarist of fun.).
Let's just get it out of the way, this is a collection of formulaic pop songs. These could all be Billboard Top 40 radio hits and some even border on generic. But there's something that saves them from mediocrity and that is Sia herself. Her voice lends something special to these songs which could otherwise have been wasted on other artists, even a simple radio pop song is transformed with the gravitas Sia's amazing vocals can imbue. 'There's a scream inside that we all try to hide / We hold on so tight we cannot deny / eats us alive, oh it eats us alive, oh'. Then again there are some lyrics throughout the album that although they might seem simple to some i actually think are pretty clever: 'I'm gonna drink you in / like oxygen, like oxygen / Baby i'm a house on fire, and i wanna keep burnin''.
The themes on This Is Acting include love, emancipation, empowerment and relationship drama. So even though Sia may be singing from the perspective of other artists, she still manages to hit all the classic Sia beats. Much like the mainstream pop sound, another aspect that might put people off this record is the glossy high quality sheen on these tracks, Everything seems to be very cleanly and meticulously calculated for radio success and as I mentioned before, the only part saving these tracks from emotionless pop hits is Furler's voice. As talented as a songwriter Sia can be, her voice is definitely her most powerful aspect and the part of her that draws listeners in.
In the end, This Is Acting is less of an album and more of a collection/compilation of hits. If you were a big fan of Sia's radio smashes like Diamonds (Rihanna) or Titanium (David Guetta) then this is a collection you're gonna want to check out. As long as you know what you're getting yourself into there's definitely a lot of enjoyment to be had for Sia fans and pop music fans in general.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2016"
8,"Sia proves once again what an amazing songwriter she is! This songs were rejected by other artists she wrote them for but they still sound great. 'Alive' is a masterpiece (you can really feel the Adele vibe here), 'Cheap thrills' is catchy as hell (better without Sean Paul in my opinion), 'Move your body' is a banger, 'Bird set free' is empowering...in other words the album really stands out! Great job, Sia!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
7,"Normalmente cuando algn artista decide grabar un disco debido al xito de un single 'de prueba' no espero nada muy grande y 'Wildfire' no fue la excepcin, lo escuch nicamente por recomendacin y por ser el primer disco del ao. Quiz no es lo mejor que pudo hacer pero fue bastante agradable encontrar un par de canciones que no se olvidan de un da a otro. Es su primer trabajo discogrfico y es bastante completo, Rachel no se arriesgo, se mantuvo en su zona de confort y eso est bien porque le funcion.
Highlights:
Better Place
Stand By You
Lone Ranger
Beating Me Up
Astronauts
Congratulations",2,3,"Jan 15, 2016"
0,"I don't really know on why the GP likes this girl so much. Her songs are beyond basic and dated. This album as a whole was just really dreadful. Girl, empowerment songs are so 2010. Move on!",2,4,"Jan 14, 2016"
3,"Wow, this album is so bland and forgettable, no wonder this was released in January. Rachel's singing does have some personality, but she just can't carry the weight of the subject matter. She isn't a great songwriter either, it can be passable at some points, but it mostly just sounds like bad high school poetry. The production and instrumentation isn't interesting at all, its the same percussion heavy pop production that's popular. I doubt that I will remember that this album even exists in about a month.",2,4,"Jan 18, 2016"
2,"The album pretty much sucks. She just got lucky with Fight Song thats it. No offence she's one of those artist who only have ONE good year in their career like Carly Rae, Robin Thicke, Mackelmore and Iggy Azalea
Sorry Stand by You is also disappointing!
Better luck next time Rachel!",1,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Oh this holy record sent me to the pop heaven. The melodies are so catchy and happy that you'll want to replay the songs over and over, her vocals are amazing. When will my faves?",2,5,"Jan 12, 2016"
3,"This album is basically the result of a car crash between Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift. Rachel took the worst from both and mixed it into a collection of impersonal, bland, forgettable songs that are supposed to be the work of several years, but that don't even manage to sound better than a rushed album recorded in three months. I don't exactly understand what Rachel is trying to convey to the listener with these songs, but it certainly left me with nothing. It was a rather boring experience, you know. The lyrics are also pretty bad on most songs, with an abuse of clichs (something Katy Perry and Taylor Swift do too, but they use the clichs in a smart way). But now let's move on to the positive things about the album. The cover.",0,1,"Feb  3, 2016"
0,"another trash marketing album, this songs are boring and repetitives it seems like a one hour song
i'm sorry rachel but this album it's pure garbage...",0,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"WIG OFF Underrated masterpiece, every song slayed me. I love the lead single. Listen it You'll be amazed that her vocals will snatch your boo. Guaranteed I swear.",0,3,"Jan 12, 2016"
5,"i am quite disappointed with this album. She may have the vocals but this album for me is one of those album that you really think is good but than it sucks. There are only like 4 songs which are wrote listening to. Unfortunately i don't think that she will make a huge success in the music industry and i think she is a one hit wonder.
my score:
1. stand by you 8/10
2. Hey Hey Hallelujah ft Andy Grammer  5/10
3. Specchless 6/10
4. Beating me up 5/10
5. Fight song 8/10
6. Better place 9/10
7. Long Ranger 4/10
8. You don't know my heart 5/10
9. Angles in Chelsea 5/10
10. Astronauts 4/10
11. Congratulations 5/10
12. Superman 5/10
overall: 57.5",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
10,"The moment when you listen to the first song, 'WILD', it's when you begin to feel the emotions. Simple but effective, clear message, fun and exciting.
'BITE' is my favorite. Troye doesn't totally explain us what's the song about, he uses the metaphors to make us think about it. Combined with the beat and the production, the whole thing going on with the background sounds... Makes one of the best songs on the album.
'FOOLS' and 'THE QUIET' are about typical discussions or problems in a relationship, but he manages to say it all with beautiful lyrics and some killer chorus. May leave you thinking about it.
'YOUTH' is actually a song that I would like to sing driving in the middle of the night, with the windows open and the person I love sitting next to me. Gives you hope and this crazy-teenager-lovers feel.
'COOL' hits like fresh air. So classy and mysterious.
'HEAVEN' is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. Troye makes us ask ourselves this hard questions, 'will I get to Heaven? will I live happily after all even if I'm so different?', Betty Who angelical voice gives me chills and it works so good in the song.
'LOST BOY' and 'TOO GOOD' are the smashing hits, with the lyrics, the beat (guitar part on TOO GOOD it's just awesome) and the aptitude.
'SUBURBIA' represents the childhood memories, those moments where everything was pure and greatness, playing on the park and cocking with mummy, but at the same time, nostalgia and pain, the bitterness of growing up and leaving it all.
Last but not least, 'for him.', modern love letter, so cute and gets to make you fluffy on the inside
One last thing. Just don't be a hater. A YouTuber can be also a musician, a writer o a movie star, if he/she really wants to. This is the best DEBUT album I've heard, I don't want you to think this way if you don't want, because everyone has their opinion, but it's undeniable that the album is so good and doesn't deserve a freaking ZERO.",23,23,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing from start to finish. It's probably the best music that I've heard. WILD was really an awesome EP but I never thought the full album would be any better, but it was. Troye's voice is really unique, you will always know that it's him when you hear a song. The lyrics are uncommon but really relatable, personally I found myself listening to EASE and relate to every word. TALK ME DOWN is really sweet and I think it's the best track in the album with FOOLS. I also loved the collabs, especially Alex Hope in BLUE and Broods in EASE.
Overall the album has a unique sound; Troye is doing music like no one in the pop industry and it's really showing that he is not just some youtuber trying to do music, he actually does what he loves and he does it amazingly, not trying to have massive success and doing what everyone else is doing already. 10/10 any day.",23,23,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"A highlight of the album is the Australian rapper featured love song for him. The chorus demonstrates a new set of vocals of Sivans youthful energy, singing in purposeful overly sweet tones with the lyrics Sickeningly sweet like honey / Dont need money / All I need is you. Its the track that has more than enough potential to dominate the radio.
Going back to his roots, Sivan sings of the suburban life he desperately misses in the melodious Suburbia track. Have you heard me on the radio / Did you turn it up? / On your blown-out stereo in suburbia? The chorus accompanies soft drum machines and violins dub stepped to bring in a nostalgic feeling reminiscent of Lana Del Rey herself.
TOO GOOD and BITE fluctuate between being sensual and emotionally redundant. Production wise BITE is the overall superior between the two. The track tells the story of Sivans first experience in a gay club, while TOO GOOD sounds like the aftermath of a one night stand or friends with benefits arrangement. Each romanticized the terrifying feeling of new experiences. BITE pulls it off while TOO GOOD delivers a slow burn before ultimately puttering out in an anti-climatic string of violins.
COOL gets lost in its twin track YOUTH. Both start in with cut and dry lyrics, a crescendo bridge, before the chorus and heavily edited beats come in. YOUTH triumphs with its background repetitive shouts along with the chorus, pulled from the first single WILD, while COOL loses its momentum and listens like a filler between ballads TALK ME DOWN and HEAVEN. It paints the perfect picture of being rich, pretty, and vulnerable. Its a sweet-sounding and slowed down version of Happy Little Pill, which put Sivan on the map, but loses its way.
Its easy while listening to Blue Neighborhood to forget that Sivan is a mere twenty years old and still has much more time to grow as an artist. LOST BOY and BLUE set the album in Grammy worthy territory, with superb production and melodic, haunting lyrics.
Blue Neighbourhood isnt lacking in relatable content, nor original lyrics. Its a concrete debut in its purest form: where the lyrics and production fall in place to the point where one listen isnt nearly enough; even by the third or fourth listen, youll still be pulling out lyrical gems that sparks the replay button.",20,20,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is so good, TOO GOOD it makes want to roll half-naked around my house with my stereo blasting all the songs so loud that the neighbours will have to go to another town.",19,19,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"E valeu MUITO  pena esperar. Cada msica possui sua prria essncia, sua prpria carga, e ecada carga  despejada sobre ns quando a prxima faixa chega.  um dos discos que eu vou ouvir sem enjoar por um longo tempo.",23,25,"Jan 19, 2016"
8,"From start to finish a fantastic album. I especially love how Troye has worked with other young artists, producers and song-writers. Absolutely in love with it.",28,31,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A super good album. Anyways, Troye started recently at Music Industry but he already have haters.. it's ridiculous. But well, the album is Perfect, WILD EP contains good songs and HEAVEN, COOL and for him. are my favourite at the album.",26,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"Sem dvidas o melhor lbum de 2015 Troye mostra seus trabalhos de uma forma inexplicvel nesse lbum , esse  o nascimento de uma nova estrela no mundo Pop. Parabns Troye Sivan. Que venha o TS2!!",25,28,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"I cri everytiem. But 8/8. Yaasssss you so goood. Awesome stuff! I think his music is really touching and stuff. Great album!!!    tl;dr: troye is da best",26,30,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015 sem dvidas, posso ouvir todo lbum o dia inteiro por dias que no irei enjoar, sem contar que me identifico com maioria das msicas,  timo ter um artista LGBT que ir se expressar contando experiencias que voc se identifica, e o melhor de tudo,  bom ter um artista verdadeiro nessa indstria que escreve realmente o que j viveu e consegue manter uma qualidade excelente nas msicas",25,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"O album  otimo, Troye  um artista totalmente diferente desses atuais, o garoto mal chegou e ja tem haters, com argumentos de que ele s e famoso agora por ser gay, tipo ????, gente vamos parar de drama e vamos ouvir a musica.",28,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A fantastic full-length release from a unique artist who we have all watched develop over the years. Blue Neighbourhood brings a fresh and inviting electronic pop sound with a diverse assortment of tracks, ranging from the optimistic tone of 'Youth' to the pensive duet that is 'Heaven'. What makes this album remarkable is the honesty and maturity of the lyrics. Each song tells a personal and meaningful story that listeners may find inspiring or be able to identify with emotionally. Bringing together a stellar cast of writers and producers, Troye's first studio album is definitely a strong introduction to what he has in store for us in the future.",27,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"",12,12,"Jan 28, 2016"
8,"The deluxe edition SUCKED. Besides that, the album is pretty much great in all aspects: his soft vocals, his artsy lyricism, and the production that blends in well with his words. The only real flaw I found in this record was that there wasn't any moment that was unforgettable or momentous or anything. No song was too emotionally moving, either.",10,10,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",9,9,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",8,8,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"The first three tracks of the album, WILD, FOOLS and EASE, all are originally from WILD. They are a fantastic introduction to the album, as it is designed to be a continuation of some of the topics he touched on in the EP. WILD introduces the blue neighborhood by explaining how desperately he wants to escape its mundane and pressuring atmosphere for a love no one there is willing to understand.
The first new song is TALK ME DOWN, which Sivan released as a single weeks before the album dropped. In perfect harmony with his already distinct musical style, the track is a piece that gets you way too in touch with your feelings. Sivan honestly sings this echoing song about desiring physical affection from a male lover, which is incredibly refreshing. As Joy Roden from News Corp Australia puts it, Sivan is fearless and honest in a way most pop stars arent.  Which includes not shying away from pronouns. This is further exhibited by later album track, for him., an upbeat piece about needing someone, featuring Australian rapper Allday.
The next champion of the album is YOUTH, also released as a single before the album dropped. The instrumental of this song is like lace  smooth on the surface but intricate in its layers. When the drums drop against the synthesizer at the end of the chorus, it will be nearly impossible to sit still. Besides, theres no greater song to dance around like a fool to than a song about being young and wild.
HEAVEN is a heartbreaking song about Sivan being gay and not knowing if hell ever really be accepted for it. With a harmonizing feature by Betty Who, the song resonates in a chamber-choir style that shakes you emotionally. The chorus is meant to summarize one of Sivans greatest struggles of coming out in a Jewish household. As he says in the YouTube snippet previewing the song, he contemplated, If there is a God, does that God hate me? If there is a heaven, am I ever going to make it to heaven?  If there is a heaven, and I cant be myself up there, maybe I dont want heaven.
The chorus goes, Without losing a piece of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ Without changing a part of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ All my time is wasted./ Feeling like my hearts mistaken, oh./ So if Im losing a piece of me/ Maybe I dont want heaven? In his soft voice, these lyrics feel almost as though hes just thinking out loud in a moment of deep reflection, making them some of the most touching of the album.
The greatest contributor to the albums concept is SUBURBIA, a haunting piece about a basic and boring blue neighborhood where nothing new seems to happen, even though there are countless stories sitting inside the homes, the cars and the people. This song and LOST BOY are the only two from the album that Sivan wrote completely on his own, making for incredibly raw and honest pieces straight from his heart and soul. SUBURBIA is a phenomenal conclusion to the album, offering closure on this blue neighbourhood weve just walked through alongside Sivan and his angelic voice.
At this point, there is very little that adorably awkward Sivan can do wrong. His debut studio album is a holistic piece of art that creates an atmosphere of disharmony and dissatisfaction like nothing before it. His rapid production is promising for his big fans, as hes likely to release more music soon. If this guys talent wasnt already undeniable, Blue Neighbourhood is about to change that.",3,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Simplesmente fantstico... um dos melhores lbuns de 2015, amei a escolha de Youth como primeiro Single, mas ainda quero que ele escolha Blue tambm, antes de fechar a divulgao do lbum.",2,2,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"",2,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso, parabns Troye e equipe. Musicas perfeitas e bem produzidas, um dos melhores trabalhos do ano passado e  interessante que cada musica tenha um diferencial uma das outras e funcionam muito bem juntas",1,1,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"All the songs, lyrics, compositions, sounds and production, are perfect, when I listened to WILD, I think that was the moment when I said that whole album is going to be... Thanks Troye Sivan",1,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
9,"This boy has a talent, definitely. He doesn't need to hype such as many artists of young generation nowaday - Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Taylor Swift, etc. Songs are so good. The best ones - TALK ME DOWN, YOUTH, WILD, LOST BOY",1,1,"Feb 24, 2016"
5,"No vi nada demais no Blue Neighbourhood. A voz do Troye Sivan  muito bonita e sexy, mas as msicas soam repetitivas, todas parecem a mesma coisa, salvando-se as excees 'Wild', 'Youth' e 'Swimming Pools'.",1,2,"May 23, 2016"
0,"Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.",0,3,"Jun 28, 2016"
5,"Debi de trabajar mas en la letra, su voz queda atrs con el sonido puesto, repetitivo. Troye Sivan no tiene mucho que aportar a la msica. Es bueno, le falta mejorar, tiene para hacerlo.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2016"
8,"Eu gosto do 'BH', WILD  minha favorita, as composies so bonitas, eu gosto das batidas e dos vocais dele, mas, para mim, ele s no merece uma nota maior porque  mais um lbum 'digestvel' como milhares por a.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2016"
6,"Normally I don't like male singers, but Troye actually has a nice, soothing, sexy voice. Blue Neighbourhood is a surprisingly mature album considering how young he is. The production is nice and the music doesn't cater towards kids with ADD like everything else does these days. That being said, pretty much every song on this album is a ballad, and it really drags on, especially if you're listening to the deluxe version (which I would recommend, since the added songs are better than the ones on the standard edition). Anyway, I think Troye definitely shows off some amazing talent and potential with this album, but Blue Neighbourhood is far from perfect.
Standout tracks: THE QUIET, for him., BLUE",0,0,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"DA AT UMA PONTADA DE ORGULHO AO VER TODOS ESSES RATINGS NOTA 10 EU ESCOLHI TE AMAR TROYE SZIVAAN MEU AMORZINHO, VOC  MUITO PRECIOSO TE AMO DEMAISSS",0,0,"May  1, 2016"
8,"This album is rad. I don't usually feel so attached with male musicians, but this is soooo cool. I loved ''talk me down'', ''lost boy'', and all the tracks from the EP Wild. well done",0,0,"Feb  6, 2016"
8,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel, todas as msicas so timas e o mais importante  que o Troye participou de TODO o processo de criao do lbum e foi totalmente sincero. Impossvel no sentir alguma coisa com faixas como 'FOOLS' e 'TALK ME DOWN'.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
9,"Troye demonstra paixo, alegria, tristeza e solido, um modelo perfeito de como a adolescncia  confusa, s vezes eufrica e apaixonante e no deixando de ser triste e difcil.
Destaque para Ease, Fools, Talk Me Down, Wild e Youth.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood  um lbum cheio de emoes, e garante o entretenimento do ouvinte. Melhores msicas: 'EASE', 'HEAVEN', 'THE QUIET' E 'BITE'. Perfeito!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'WithoutBlue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'Without losing a piece of me
How do I get to heaven?
Without changing a part of me
How do I get to heaven?
All my time is wasted
Feeling like my heart's mistaken, oh
So if I'm losing a piece of me
Maybe I don't want heaven?'
Favourite tracks - Talk Me Down, Fools, Wild, Youth, Heaven, Suburbia",0,0,"Jun 24, 2016"
9,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.
my score:
1. WILD 10/10
2. BITE 9/10
3. FOOLS 10/10
4. EASE 8/10
5. THE QUIET 9/10
6. DKLA 8/10
7. TALK ME DOWN 10/10
8. COOL 9/10
9. HEAVEN 10/10
10.YOUTH 10/10
11. LOST BOY 10/10
12. FOR HIM 9/10
13.SUBURBIA 9/10
14. TOO GOOD 8/10
15. BLUE 8/10
16. WILD (XXYXX REMIX) 8/10
Overall: 90.6",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"[ENGLISH] I love so much this album. I think this album says us a lot of things of Troye's life and the life of persons in the LGBT community. Listen to this album, it surprise you.
[ESPAOL] Me encanta mucho este lbum, pienso que nos dice muchas cosas acerca de la vida de Troye y de las personas en la comunidad LGBT. Deben escuchar este lbum, los sorprender.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
10,"'Blue Neighbourhood' is one of the greatest albums 2015 had to offer. Lyrically, the album is a masterpiece; emotional, deep, relatable. The astonishing lyrics when accompanied by Sivan's voice makes the listening experience extremely enjoyable. All 16 tracks offer a different vibe lyrically and musically and Sivan's vocal range is extremely pleasing to the ears.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2016"
7,"The slow build up of minimalist beats and confused synth riffs combined with odd and somehow disturbing lyrics are sure to please any of fan of experimental and slightly off-beat electronic music.",4,5,"Dec  3, 2015"
1,"Dont let pretentious reviewers fool you. This is pure unadulterated trash. This cant even be enjoyed ironically. A sad indicator of the state of the music thats pushed by the likes of pitchfork.",0,7,"Jan  4, 2016"
7,"One Direction's 5th album 'Made in the a.m.' is either their swan song or pre-hiatus treat.  Whichever of those it ends up being, it certainly plays like a swan song.  The mood is all subdued pop-rock torch songs, with the occasional dash of bounce to speed things up a tad.  A bit more variety would have served them better, but they manage to wring some catchy moments out of this approach even so.
Not a group to fix what isn't broken, they wisely stick with long time musician/producer/collaborators Julian Bunetta & John Ryan.  This time around, they are still lost in the 80's, but the influence they're wearing on their sleeves is telegraphed straight out of a Don Henley ballad, or more often Bryan Adams in full blown super-schlock slow croon mode.  They even throw in a dash of Coldplay-aping skyscraping sounds on 'Infinity.'  Even as they raise the roof up, the mood drops right back into subdued and mellow territory with 'If I could fly' which is emblematic of the main problem with this disc.  1D have always managed to expand beyond the usual boy band formula - primarily because they've steered well clear of the pop R&B / new jack swing sounds that were favored by groups like Backstreet Boys, N'Sync and the like.  The trouble here is that almost every single song is built to be a crowd-pleasing swooner.  One of those songs where if it were played live, every lighter (or these days, every cell phone) would go up as the crowd swayed along to the music.  It isn't to say they can't do these songs well - when it comes to sugar-packed bubble gum pop injected with just enough pop rock grit to keep it from sounding too over-the-top sweet, 1D and their collaborators have the recipe for that style of pop down to a science.
Just as on Four, they often telegraph their influences in music that blurs the line between homage and copycat moves - but really, when it works well, such as on 'What A Feeling' (Tango In The Night era Fleetwood Mac, anyone?) it sounds good enough that most would be hard pressed to worry about it.
And stepping away from talk of their influences for a moment - album highlight is certainly 'Love you goodbye' which plays as a [possibly] intentional sequel-song to 'Spaces' off their last album.  It's sad-sack power balladry at its finest, with just the right amount of power-ballad guitar embellishment to really drive the feeling home.
What's missing is [again] the variety.  On 'Four' there were more sprightly numbers to liven up the proceedings, from 'No Control' to the so-catchy-it-hurts 'Change Your Ticket.'  Here, those moments are few and far between ('Temporary Fix' is a welcome respite from the slow croon numbers) but they aren't slotted in often enough to change things up quite often enough.  It feels like the remaining 4 members of 1D treated this too much like a going away album, and in doing so made polished boy-band pop rock that forgets to be energetic for much of the album.  Bunetta & Ryan manage to spin up catchy instrumentation for their voices still, sure - but the spark just isn't there.  Perhaps a sign they would benefit from a break, and perhaps trying to stretch beyond their boundaries a bit - including the potential for doing solo work without the crutch of their long time collaborators.
'Made in the a.m.' is 1D doing what they do well and still trying to stretch beyond the sounds that made them.",2,2,"Nov 17, 2015"
4,"Meh, I actually listened to this album after listening to zayn's new one because I was impressed by that kid so just tried to check out if I was missing on these 4 guys as well but its safe to say Mr. Malik is the most talented of the group. This album is bland..not totally horrible..i liked 'Walking in the wind' and that one beatles esque song and Drag Me Down is catchy but thats it. Yeah these guys can sing but their music doesn't seem to improve with time. They should just break up already. Its about time.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"Finalmente a 1D fez algo que no 'atingisse ou se dirigisse' apenas para uma determinada faixa-etria, 'Infinity'  a minha favorita, 'Perfect' tambm  uma das melhores, 'History' foi uma tima escolha de single, eu amo 'Drag Me Down' mas tem algumas faixas do lbum que realmente eu no consigo 'engolir', 'Temporary Fix', 'Long Way Down', e 'Wolves'. Mas apesar de tudo,  a melhor era da banda, por isso a minha nota  9.",1,1,"Feb  5, 2016"
7,"The album is not bad, but it is the same as the previous ones, always the same music for all albums, which makes the band a somewhat repetitive thing, and this album remains an empty album in the career of One Direction ...",1,1,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely brilliant. Their sound has really changed and their lyrics are so beautifully written. These boys aren't 'bubblegum pop' anymore and they have totally proved that with this album. People should definitely have a listen.",12,14,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"A oned evolui muito desde o Four, esse lbum  diferente de tudo o que eles j fizeram, eles sempre esto evoluindo e com o MITAM no foi diferente. O MITAM  aqueles lbuns que uma hora voc pode estar danando uma baladinha e em outra chorando vendo a chuva pela janela.
S no digo que  o melhor lbum porque o melhor lbum ainda est por vir.
Reis, pisaram como sempre.",5,6,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Really good album. There are no specific subjects for the album, the songs talk about everything, since missing someone, to boys in clubs. The vocals are really good, they have improved so much these years. Really proud.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, amazing vocals, amazing lyrics. They've worked really hard on it and I just love it so much. With more maturity from One Direction, ome songs do you remember much in the 80s. My favorite songs on Made in the A.M  are 'Perfect', 'History', 'End of the Day', 'What a Feeling', 'Love You Goodbye', 'Temporary Fix' and 'AM'.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
9,"Amazing work! Each song sounds fresh and exciting! The lyrics are great. Boys have grown in terms of music, it can be seen. No doubt the 10  10!
These songs get stuck for a long time in my playlist.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Eu acho incrvel como a One Direction amadureceu em todos esses anos. Para mim, a msica  uma bela forma de se conhecer o artista. E, no Up All Night e no Take Me Home, apesar de serem bons, eu nunca consegui entender qual era a da One Direction. O que eles realmente eram? Qual tipo de msica os agradava? Quais eram as suas experincias de vida? Eu no sabia. A partir do Midnight Memories, eles inovaram. Eles decidiram mostrar que no eram apenas a One Direction, uma boyband criada no The X Factor para conquistar o corao de muitas meninas durante alguns anos para depois desaparecer. Eles queriam mostrar quem eles eram, porque eles chegaram at aqui, o talento NATO deles. Foi uma caminhada de trs passos, onde o primeiro foi o Midnight Memories, o segundo o FOUR, e o terceiro e ltimo o Made In The A,.M. Essa  a One Direction. Esse  o tipo de msica que eles gostam, essas so as experincias de vida deles. Mesmo depois de perder um integrante, a One Direction mostrou-se forte e capaz. Eles mostraram, literalmente, que nada pode pux-los para baixo. Esse lbum  incrvel, e eu no poderia dar uma nota menor que 10.",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Melhor album na minha opinio, mais amadurecimento nas msicas, muito gostoso de se ouvir, Olivia tem uma coisa que me faz querer ouvir mais e mais, A.M. tambm, ambas as msicas so minhas preferidas :)",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Seriously this is their best record to date ! I can't get enough of these songs ! they're all so so good and they reach a whole new level, it's an old style but modern at the same time ! And in addition it has this rock influence ! this is a total buzz",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Their sounds is much more mature, the lyrics are amazing; all the songs are so different from each other. Most of the album was written by them. I don't care if it will debut at #1 on Billboard 200 or not, this album was made for us, fans, and we just have to love it and be here for our boys! No competition, just enjoy the music...",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Um lbum fabuloso, que mostra a sua evoluo em todos os aspectos, seja, liricamente, vocalmente,  definitivamente a mais pura obra-prima da carreira, que demonstra o quo talentosos so e prova para aqueles que os subestimaram, a capacidade que eles tem como artistas!",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Cheesy lyrics , weak vocals . Tomlinson is still irrelevant in the album , so predictable .
I am sincerely sorry for all of you twelve-year-old girls who actually like One Direction, because you have NO TASTE IN MUSIC WHATSOEVER! Everything by One Direction or related to them is going to be crap. These four boys are the WORST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD for bringing crap like this into it. Please girls, drop this, and go listen to AM and Up The Bracket. Please.",3,4,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"O lbum  muito bom, eles mostraram que realmente tem potencial, e isso  timo, talento no falta a eles, e eles realmente fizeram esse lbum de corao, no pra vender e nem nada e sim pra agradar as fs e mostrar o seu potencial antes de dar uma pausa.",4,6,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"The songs from this album feels like all the songs that didn't make it to its predecessors. They are pretty boring and the lyrics are very shallow. It's a pretty disappointing album to leave the fans for a boy group that will undergo hiatus.",4,6,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"they grow up so fast!! This album is so different from the others! best album of them and I hope these scores up because they deserve more than 65, they work so hard to do it! Justin Bieber's new album is not good as One Direction! Just Saying....",2,3,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"Everyone is saying how similar the album is so much similiar to the others but if you've ever actually listened to any of them, you can tell how different it is.",2,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
0,"I am sincerely sorry for all of you twelve-year-old girls who actually like One Direction, because you have NO TASTE IN MUSIC WHATSOEVER! Everything by One Direction  or related to them is going to be crap. These four boys are the WORST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD for bringing crap like this into it. Please girls, drop this, and go listen to AM and Up The Bracket. Please.",2,3,"Mar 11, 2016"
0,"An album where mostly all the songs sound exactly the same or are rip offs of previous hits by previous artists. There is a reason this album had low sales.",2,3,"Mar 25, 2016"
0,"A true bore of an album One Direction continue to be going downhill and once they do break up properly I will be happy though it needs to come very soon.",3,5,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"Amei esse album lacrador, melhor album de 2015. Bem, vale muito a pena ouvir e comprar, pois tem composies timas, sonoridade boa, hits e tudo :)",3,5,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"This album is just so good I don't even know how to say it properly. Anyone who is rating 0 without even listening to it (just because they're a boy band).. Well, that's your loss. You don't have to be a fan to enjoy this album or at least a few songs! It's just stupid, no one wants your negativity anyway. Back to the album, they really did a great job, if you haven't, take a moment to listen to it, it won't be wasted time!",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Este lbum debe tener mayor reconocimiento que todos sus lbumes, de verdad, personalmente creo que ha madurado demasiado, su estilo musical ha cambiado y sus lricas son hermosas, lbum perfecto.",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"Que album chato, so tantas msicas enjoativas que da at vontade de dormir, sinceramente essa pausa foi a melhor escolha pra essa banda, a nica msica que salva  drag me down",3,5,"Dec 18, 2015"
9,"This album is hard to dislike. It is mix of the songs with different styles. You will find songs that will blow your mind for sure. First time i can't say what's my favorite track, bc there a lot of great songs: lyrics, music, vocals are so good. They are trying something new and i totally like it! They did a really great job. It sounds mature and kinda not mainstream. This album is totally deserve a listen. And probably few times, bc some of the songs growing with every listen. I hope it is not last album from 1D. And i hope people will see more in them than just another boy band. One Direction is doing good music that makes a lot of people happy. They deserve to be recognized because they are talented singers and very professional (+ they are nice and kind people). Well done, boys!",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Made in the A.M. is AMAZING. I think that they've worked really hard on it and I just love it so much!! It is really really good!!! I'm going to miss the boys so much and I hope that they have a great break!",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, some songs do you remember much in the 80s",5,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Meu Deus, o que foi isso? melhor lbum da carreira. Estou indignado com esse 40 que a NYT deu pra essa bblia do pop teen. Produes timas, letras mais maduras, ritmos diferentes isso torna o MITAM o melhor lbum da 1D.",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"HINRIO, conseguiu superar o FOUR, espero q continuem assim, se superando a cada ano. MELHOR LBUM DA CARREIRA SIM. n sei pq a nyt deu essa nota horrorosa, o lbum est maravilhoso.",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"best album of 2015. Full of amazing songs, it was worth it to wait for MITAM. It deserve to sell more than 4kk and get the #1 at bb200. Temporary fix is amaaazing, Never enough somebody helps meeeeeeeeeeee",4,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"This album got me really disappointed, even I knew that Zayn Malik's absence will damage the album sonority, I was expecting more. The singles never had been so bad. The vocals , the compositions, everything is sounding stranger to me.",2,4,"Nov 16, 2015"
1,"Made in the AM is overrated, mediocre, and lame. I wish their team wasn't influencing and buying out media outlets to write puff pieces favoring this dreck of an album. Zayn is sorely missed.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"de longe  o melhor lbum da carreira deles, no tem uma msica enjoativa, todas so verdadeiros hinos, s acho que esse lbum deveria ter pelos menos 5 singles, entre eles what a felling. :)",1,2,"Nov 30, 2015"
10,"Album great, mature , incredible lyrics, the melody well executed , it proves the musical evolution of One Direction, in my prefridas are ' Drag Me Down' ,' Perfect ' and ' History' .",1,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album, with incredible lyrics and vocals, they show maturity like never before. I'm so **** proud of them all. Slay the haters, kings.",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"This album is definitely the best by One Direction. Their sound has become more mature and the lyrics more meaningful. People should definitely give this album a shot and shouldn't just discard it because it's by One Direction. They've come a long way since their first album and they can only get better.",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
8,"I'm a casual pop listener and I found this a surprisingly good listen. At first, I did not have high hopes for it because I wasn't a fan of 'Four' and I thought the lead single'Drag Me Down' was edgy but rather boring, while followup 'Perfect' was catchy but a little too generic. But the rest of the songs in the album proved me wrong. The retro-influenced touches here and there gave the whole album an identity and a freshness which I did not find in their previous albums. It's true that the core melodies may still be the same and reminiscent of their previous songs, but here, they were careful to present them in creative, surprising, and fun ways. It's the first pop album I listened to since '1989' which caught my attention from start to finish. It made me smile.",1,2,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"One Direction gives their best effort with this album. It gives the sound typical to One Direction, the same one that's come since their first album. These men should have evolved heavily over these years, and yet their music stays the same. This is typical of an album with heavy outside influence, and it's obvious that their label is trying to appeal to a certain crowd. But One Direction's real fans want to hear their real sound, and unfortunately, even though the album is solid, it seems like we just aren't getting there. The departure of Zayn Malik didn't seem to make a difference either. It would not be surprising if all of these boys broke off from the pop sound when and if they go solo. The album isn't bad at all, but what it needs is growth.
Full Score: 62%
Highlights: If I Could Fly, Olivia, I Want to Write You A Song, AM",1,2,"Nov 28, 2015"
10,"yaaaaaasss kings, serve dem bops, my faves r wat a feeeling, wolves nd temporary sex oops (hii) fix. If i could fly is larry af nd end of the day has that LGBT frendly chorus, slay u gay icons. I pray to god u beat trashstin bieber, he has some bops but with dat attitude he aint gettin my coins. bye",1,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Made In The A.M. stands strong next to previous releases Four and Midnight Memories, though its not quite as cohesive as the pop masterpiece Take Me Home. Highlights include What A Feeling, Walking In The Wind, Olivia, Drag Me Down, Home and If I Could Fly.  The band all bring their own individual personalities to the mix and, while they always come together beautifully, it will be interesting to see what a two year break from life on the road will do to invigorate their lyrical content and sound as a group.  Theres no doubt that Made in the A.M. is at its strongest when the boys tap into their emotional side. If this is them at their most exhausted and worn out, people better be ready for refreshed and rested 1D. Made In The A.M is significant in how conclusive it isnt. It fully intends to welcome newer (more mature) listeners with a string of tributes to yesteryears greatest hits, while reflecting on the good times shared with dedicated fans who have yet to experience a 1D hiatus. Their lyrics find elegance in their simplicity and prove that One Directions knack for the understated is their greatest musical weapon. One Directions songwriting is their strongest creative trait, and biggest advantage compared to past boy bands, so writing informed by a life actually lived outside of fame should make for an amazing sixth album. Made In The A.M. will tide us over just fine until then. (BreatheHeavy.com)",1,2,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"You should let your prejudice aside and take a chance on this album. The music and the boys matured incredibly, you will be really surprised with the songs. Even if you don't usually like One Direction, give it a listen. Really proud of them!",1,2,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"1d are always making GOOD songs, and giving a f*ck about what people think and charts. they care about their fans and their opinions, that's why the album is good. learn, jb and beliebers. just watch and learn.",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
10,"Their best album yet. It shows how well their sound has developed and matured. The solo distribution is much better than their singles. The track list has a lot of variety",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
10,"This album is miles better than anything they've ever done. The lyric, composition, and vocals are undeniably strong. So impressive. It will make you rethink what kind of band One Direction is. This is great music I can promise you that. I can't say enough how impressed I am. What surprise me is that the songs are clearly not made for the radio or to fit a trend. This is music that makes you feel.",1,2,"Nov 23, 2015"
9,"This album proves that One Direction has really matured. The lyrics are really deep, especially in one of the tracks called 'A.M.'. The tracks are really catchy it selves.  I would really recommended this album to anyone that loves Pop music with old school tones and rock influences. Recommended tracks: What A Feeling, Olivia, Never Enough, Wolves, History, Temporary Fix, and A.M..",1,2,"Nov 26, 2015"
5,"Eu gosto dessa boyband. Mas depois de quatro lbuns quase iguais,esperava algo de novo. As letras so sempre as mesmas. Por outro lado , batidas e vocais melhoraram bastante.",1,2,"Mar  9, 2016"
10,"Um album que mostra um amadurecimento que veio sendo mostrado desde o 'Four', ao mesmo tempo tendo vrios momentos que lembram o maior album deles em vendas 'Midnight Memories'. Vale muito a pena ouvir sem pr-julgamentos, pois  muito bom.",1,2,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"Adorei , melhor lbum da carreira deles se superaram mesmo com a sada de dos  um integrante . As composies so timas e passam uma mensagem por trs delas , tima evoluo da parte deles .",1,2,"Jan  3, 2016"
10,"Adorei!!! Amo os meninos e esto de parabns por lidar com cada musica sem o Zayn, com certeza adorei! Esse lbum ele em um gostinho a mais, um pop mais com mais experincias, totalmente diferente, sem falar das notas altas de Louis e etc...
Enfim, os meninos evoluram no quesito de voz e personalidade, amadureceram demais! S o Zayn que faz falta ;(",1,2,"Mar  8, 2016"
10,"Made in the a.m. is a much more well constructed album lyrically. It's fun, thoughtful, and I think more personal then their last album four. I think One Direction is highly underrated as a group and a lot of that I believe is because there is a prejudice toward 'Boy Bands' and because of this critics are less inclined to give a honest review of their music. The critics come across antagonizing, condescending, and down right nasty. But I've run through many reviews throughout the Internet from Their Fourth album 'Four' which was favorably reviewed and their current album which has been well received from critics (albeit in the form of a bank handed compliment while giving the album three- four stars). So I don't know what the deal is but I think it boils down to taste in music, disdain for their young fan base (despite the fact they have a large adult fan base as well) and lack of integrity. So I'm here to say take a listen to all of their albums starting with Midnight Memories, Four, and their current 'hit' album Made in the a.m. Don't read into any of the reviews or take them too seriously including the good reviews, because ultimately it boils down to what feels good to you, and what moves you. This band is never going to be given an honest review or a fair review because many of the reviews come from people who are anti-pop, who get off on inciting a negative reaction to their younger fan base just to bring traffic to their gossip site.
Made in the a.m. is a throw back to the 80's a era they seem to be drawn to which is perfect for me because I grew up on 80's music, and to me it's still the best era for music which is why so many artist today are sampling are attempting to duplicate that era's sound. I like the breezy laid back feel of this album, and apparently so do others who have never listened to their music, don't know who they are, but have somehow found their way to this album because of the on-line hoopla created by the gossip sites pitting their album against Justin Bieber's albums. I've heard Justin's album and personally it wasn't my cup of tea, but it's been given the same reviews as One Directions, so again it all boils down to what kind of music you're drawn to. My favorite songs on Made in the a.m. are Perfect, Drag me Down, long way down, Olivia, walking in the wind, a.m. What a feeling, Love you goodbye, If I could fly, temporary fix, and History. Why these songs, because they all remind me of the music I grew up. Sue me, I'm a sucker for Nostalgia also, their voices sound amazing on this album. Vocally they all sound great individually and in harmony.",4,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Thought provoking for fans - it is a cyptic maze of lyrics which will have people wondering how much is factual from experience or just creative liberty.  Stand outs are Drag Me Down - If I could fly and Love you Goodbye for me.  Easy album to listen too - alot of genres used in the production.",4,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Es hora de que One Direction empiece a cambiar sus formulas, necesitan nuevo estilo y nuevos sonidos. Todas las canciones suenan a lo que han venido haciendo desde que salieron de TXF UK. Honestamente no s como sus fans no se cansan de escuchar ms de lo mismo durante todo estos aos. Montono.",7,16,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"AMAZING ! I'm not even a fan, I streamed the album on spotify out of curiosity, and this was seriously the best decision I've made in a while, immediately bought it. Forget for a moment that it's One Direction and you'll really like it, stop underestimating these amazing artists, I just realized how underrated they are ! Olivia and End of the day are my jams !",3,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Such an amazing album, by far the best they've ever released. Every single song is so beautifully written and you can tell that they are extremely proud of it. This album was put out because they genuinely want to make music and want their fans to be proud, not just for the money or to get high up on the charts. It's impossible to dislike this album. The music is beautiful and their voices are perfect, perfect album to put out before their break. They completely disregard the view of a stereotypical boyband.",3,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"The album was such a disappointment, i expected something big from One Direction, hoped for something similar to Midnight Memories, but sadly the whole album was a snoozefest.",3,7,"Jan 27, 2016"
3,"Made in the A.M. is like a FOUR Remix album. They never change their style nor their songs themes. Go dislike this review if you want to, but One Direction never ever impress me. The only good songs are Hey Angel, If I Could Fly and Never Enough.",6,15,"Nov 15, 2015"
4,"How monotonous you can be? Vol. 5 with One Direction.
Don't they think about trying something new? Like, new sounds and style?
Don't you get tired of listening all the same songs!!?!?!
Lame-.",6,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"El mejor album del ao, creo que 1d mostro nuevos estilos masmaduros, mejores letras, es un album perfecto,y la mejores canciones, love you, goodbye, if i could fly, son perfectas dios.",2,5,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"lixo lixooooo lixooooooooooooooooooooooo lixooooooooooooooooo meu deus q lixo aposto q quando o lixeiro passa esse album de merda se esconde pra no ser pego",2,5,"Feb  7, 2016"
0,"Um CD reciclado, mal feito, de 17 canes, apenas What a Feeling consegue dar algum tipo de agrado. One Direction est na estrada h 5 anos e apenas no lbum ''Midnight Memories'' tiveram ousadia em mudar o som. Desde ento, reciclagem a sonoridade e permanecem com letras bobas e infantis, to quanto seus fs, que esto fazendo mutiro pra dar nota 0 pra o Justin e 10 pra esse saco de lixo chamado ''Made In the A.M.''.",6,16,"Nov 17, 2015"
0,"All the songs by One Direction are the same thing. I don't see nothing of different in this album. They can never do something different. Nothing impressive here, I wait that one day 1D can do something different of the rest",4,11,"Nov 17, 2015"
0,"Ugly just ugly. I'll be back when they come back as solo artists, the only one who can make a solo great career is Harry. Still cant believe how Simon Cowell said yes to Louis: he really has zero voice",5,15,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"They literally sound the same with every album. No versatility whatsoever. Very generic and is complete trash. If you haven't listened to it, don't. It's a waste of time.",5,15,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO melhor album da carreira, conseguiu empatar com o Midnight Memories, espero que continuem assim",3,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira simmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. No tem uma musica enjoativa!!!!!!!!
Hinrio!!!!!!1!!!!!!!",1,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This album is very different from the boys I'm not even a fan of them but theres no denying this album isn't incredible. It's aimed toward older audiences and it's working they do not sound like bubblegum pop they sound more mature considering the fact the influences came from the beatles maroon5 Frank Ocean and others. I promise you that it's amazing coming from a 33 year old",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"JB fans putting Bad reviews here, So laughable, Me encant, realmente inspirador, Am cada cancin, Este album es realmente maduro y muy bien hecho, La construccion tanto musical como vocal no deja espacio para malas criticas, ellos merecen un descanso, y con este album prueban no solo su versatilidad de genero a genero si no su manera tan unica de guiar cada canciny divertirse con el producto final, Well done 1D",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"Lo mejor lo mejor lo mejor! Las que ponen que no les gusta son  beliebers que no aceptan que 4 grandiosos chicos han realizado un mejor trabajo que Bieber. Maduren , por favor. No vengan a molestar y a sabotear esto.",1,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Sin duda ahora uno de mis discos favoritos, el ritmo es bueno y un poco mas maduro, las canciones y el significado me gustan mucho. Es absolutamente brillante.",1,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"I like this album so much, it doesn't sound repetitive and boring like Justin's new album, I really like it, and i will buy it, good job One Direction (:",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
0,"MITAM only has boring music and no different from the other albums of this band's vocals are horrible zayn fouls make music better and give my respect",6,23,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"It's funny all of these groupies are putting a 10 even if they have heard 2 songs of the album. Enjoy your boys band, and your bad taste in music though.",7,27,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"Boys band... What can be good in a mainstream boys band made for girls except in certain facts individual talent ? Nothing. Just commercial songs and album.",7,31,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"I really don't wanna compare, but Purpose is so much better :/ Made in the AM is just other album from One Direction, nothing different :/ I'm sad about this album, really sad",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"Bordered between a 7 and a 8 for me. Having picked up the Deluxe edition, out of the 17 songs, I truly enjoyed 13 of them, varying from good to amazing songs. The album provides some good mix between up tempo and ballad, although the subject matter is normally the same, very few artists stray away from this formula to begin with. Between What a Feeling, Love you Goodbye, Infinity and End of the Day, they've got many hits. Very good album, if it ends up being the final one.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2015"
7,"Dont expect anything groundbreaking or new but as far as commercial music goes this is actually pretty enjoyable. Plenty of tracks that could stand as strong singles on their own, although at times it does get a bit too cheesy.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2015"
8,"Midnight Memories and Four were audio proof that the band was transitioning their music genre. Made in The AM finally pulls this transition off well. What A Feeling, End Of The Day and Wolves - genius.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
9,"Nice to see that all of the boys took part in the writing process. Particular special mention to If I Could Fly. Good vocals. Interesting to see the solo work from them.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2016"
8,"This is my first One Direction album. It was stunning. I never imagined such an album form these boys. Anyway, the boys rock! 'If I Could Fly' and 'I Want to Write You a Song' are literally the best songs.
Favourite tracks - I Want to Write You a Song, If I Could Fly, Hey Angel, History, End of the Day, Olivia, A.M., Walking in the Wind.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
4,"[ENGLISH ] This album is the same than the others One Direction's albums. I liked the pasts albums a little, but this album, without the Zayn Malik's voice is so bad. One Direction needs to improve their music.
[ESPAOL] Este lbum es el mismo que los dems lbumes de One Direction. Me han gustado los lbumes pasados un poco, pero este lbum, sin la voz de Zayn Malik es muy malo. One Direction debe mejorar su msica.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
10,"I'm a 21 year old guy who has never actually clicked with JB's tunes in the past AT ALL, and to be honest, this album is really, really great. The production includes electro, trap and synth beats, and this album contains some great features like Nas, Travis Scott, Big Sean and Skrillex. Lyrically, it is decent, and his voice really goes well on the production. Overall, for those who dislike JB, this album does have some bangers and some good tracks, so check it out.",24,38,"Nov 13, 2015"
7,"Justin Bieber is back and the world is freaking out. Should it be, though?
The new album, 'Purpose', preceded by its excellent lead single 'What Do You Mean?', does, indeed, work. Enlisting the help of big names in hip/hop-dance-new wave, the Biebs' new sound suits him very well. He is vulnerable (see 'I'll Show You), vengeful (Ed Sheeran-penned-'Love Yourself'), apologetically honest ('Sorry'), and grateful ('Life is Worth Living'/'Purpose'). Unfortunetaly, tracks like 'Children' and 'No Pressure' sound very generic and don't really work.
All in all, the sound works, the vocals are excellent, and the confidence shines. All of those elements answer the question: YES, 'Purpose' is, indeed, worth the hype.",3,3,"Nov 23, 2015"
8,"After being a joke for so long, Bieber did something right with his music and released a really freaking good and chill album. It was such a surprise to hear this album and actually really dig it.",3,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
5,"Not a very big JB fan but this album was average. Sorry and Love Yourself are some good songs but the album overall did not satisfy me. Believe was much better. Maybe he should have had more relevant features?
Probably a collab with Selena which got leaked? That song was good. Or another collab with Nicki Minaj, maybe Beauty and a Beat 2.0
I think he should just stick with normal pop music.",3,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
5,"Ambitious and with a clear turn to a more adult musical road, 'Purpose' is certainly Justin Bieber's best album today but it lacks the catchiness that a pop album should have and many of the songs are extremely forgettable.",2,2,"Nov 18, 2015"
9,"El lbum en general es muy bueno, las canciones que no son tan buenas las compensa con las que soy muy buenas, muy buenas letras.
Solo esperaba un lbum mas movido teniendo coml referencia los singles.",2,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"The production and vocals on this album are some of the best pop music has produced this year. While there are definitely some pretty weak tracks on the album (eg. No Pressure, Children, Mark My Words), it also includes some of the best of Bieber's whole career. His breathy vocals mark a serious development in his career as more of an r&b artist to a pop singer, much in the vein of Justin Timberlake, however at some points in the album you get the sense that he is trying to show off his range when it isn't necessary and can hinder the songs.",2,2,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum dele: bem feito, timas composies, vocais no ponto e acima de tudo uma submisso ao modo teen de fazer musica. Mostrou que sabe fazer mais do que polemicas e refres do tipo 'baby, baby. oh like baby'. Parabns ao menino Justin, exceto a monstruosa 'mark my words', cumpriu totalmente a promessa de um lbum de qualidade.",2,2,"Nov 16, 2015"
5,"Justin Bieber hitting rock bottom was something that has been predicted for a teen star who got exposed to great fame at an early age and could not keep up with the hype and thr hate. What was unpredictable was justin coming back with an album worth listening unlike his previous projects delivering a new sound without losing its pop appeal . Justin managed to almost erase his past persona without leaving his stellar fanbase hungry.",2,2,"Jan 16, 2016"
7,"A very strong album for Justin Bieber. By far his best one. I did not enjoy his music before this but I think this album has some very great pop tunes. He definitely put together boy band or teen music before this and this is his first album which actualyl sounded produced by Usher. It is a strong pop album. Worth giving it one listen at least.",1,1,"Jan  8, 2016"
6,"Favourite Songs: Sorry, Where Are  Now, What Do You Mean?
Least Favourite Songs: No Pressure (feat. Big Sean), Children, Purpose, Love Yourself
I never thought I would listen to a whole Justin Bieber album but he seems to be getting more respected so even though the albums cover art is a pretentious bag of bollocks I felt like I should give the actual music a chance. Plus, I had enjoyed a few of the singles that had dropped prior to the album release so I wanted to see if he had anything else to offer me. So did he? Well the short answer is no. So first off, his voice is still whiney as **** and it really grinds down on me over the length of the album. You don't even have to get past track 1 before you hear some high-pitched oo-oo's. It's not even just his voice that annoys me it's the stupid swag present in his delivery- most notably on 'Where Are  Now' when he says the title of the song but puts an emphasis on each word. I don't really want to go into the lyrics, they haven't really changed much in any way, but I do want to talk about the production on this thing because it is very inviting. There's a lot of solid electronic beats on here and some very catchy beats as well but as a whole it's just too laid back. It becomes very boring and one dimensional extremely quickly. The features are **** and they were predictably **** (Big Sean, Halsey and Travis Scott who I actually like but one of the biggest reasons for me loving his music is the production he picks and his hooks but all he did on here was a verse which is literally the worst thing you could get him to do.) The singles off the album have catchy beats and choruses but overall it's just a really plain album.
Better Than Previous Project?: Definitely
Try This If You Like: Skrillex and Diplo present Jack",1,1,"Nov 22, 2015"
6,"Purpose , provavelmente, um dos piores lbuns que eu j ouvi. Mediano ao extremo. Existe apenas trs msicas boas nesse lbum, o resto... excluo sem pena. Justin Bieber tem talento, mas o pop genrico dele no me agrada.
Pontos Altos: Sorry, Love Yourself, Company
Pontos Baixos: O resto",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
0,"I mean, the album is good overall, but we can't deny that 80% of the songs have the same rhythm, I'm not a fan of ballads but the ones on the album are the best part, anyway, it doesn't cease being a basic record.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2016"
10,"Aaaah, que lbum maravilhoso, pessoal, profundo, eu amei as msicas dele, que orgulho do Justin amadurecendo tando depois de tantas coisas na vida, s precisa melhorar em outras agora!",7,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Fresh album ! Amazing productions, smooth voice everything is here to make a good album... Purpose is a very good album if you enjoy different genres of music and if you like GOOD music",7,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Very good album but... all of these 'One Direction' haters putting bad reviews are pathetic... Metacritic moderators please do something before user reviews looks like a half of haters just trying to put down the user score down !",9,11,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"The best work from him. Fav songs: Sorry, Company, The Feeling and Children. Hit the Ground is f*ck good. The best of deluxe version. Poor songs: Been You, Purpose and Life Is Worth Living.",8,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"the best 2015 album, it worked great and it has been increasing over time! justin deserves all the recognition that an artist must have, their songs are written by own. congrats",4,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"HORRIBLE album..all songs sound the same..repetitive beats and justin's 1 octave vocals really dull and unimpressive. Justin can't sing let alone make music. The 1 point is for Skrillex and Diplo",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"this album is wonderful, justin voice to this even better and this album quite different from the others he grew up and his music is maturing congratulations justin!",6,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Msica comercial muy mal hecha, cabe aclarar que hay que msica comercial muy bien hecha y que es muy buena pero este no es el caso. Como siempre con este artista lricas muy pobres y simples, y ni se diga de la msica, es muy bsica. La produccin es muy buena, y es lo nico que se salva de este disco. es sorprendente como es que este disco tuvo tanto es xito, la verdad da vergenza.",3,4,"Mar 24, 2016"
10,"This album is phenomenal. Thank you Justin for bringing us great music once again.  I always enjoy your music, your songs are always memorable and music that I want to hear over and over again.
Can't wait to see you in concert!!!",3,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
9,"I think it was worth the wait. If you can't see JB's talent even in this work then i can do nothing for you. A consistent album with soul and love with catchy songs, but also rap/rnb songs like No Sense with the magnificent Travis Scott or Trust and others... We can clearly see that the eclecticism of Justin and is passion for music has never been that strong, and it's only the beginning...",5,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Wonderful vocals, perfect production thanks to producers Skrillex(!!!), MdL and long-time collaborator Poo Bear just to name a few. R&B and EDM influences are here in full effect. Musically, this is Justins best album yet. I hear a lot of 90's, early 2000's R&B in this album.
Justin has proved himself worthy of a true artist (for me, that was 2013's Journals album, but I think a lot more people will be impressed by Purpose and he will earn the respect he deserves.) It's time for Justin Bieber to stop being a punchline to a joke in peoples eyes and to take him seriously as a musician. He has shown his perseverance in song writing and also turning his life around for the better. There are the typical JB love songs but a lot more inspiring songs this time around. I'm proud of Justin and how hes changed for the better. I think a lot of the negative comments about the album are instant reactions...give it time! people will see how wonderful this album. Bieber is the new-school MJ. That might sound crazy but think about it.",5,7,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Forced and pretentious, this is not Justin Bieber music. He has at least 5 writers on each song, and that doesn't justify the tragic, clich lyrics. Love Yourself needs too much the person who wrote it, Ed Sheeran, and Justin just won't fill that expectation. An album with too many tracks to be cohesive that tries to appeal to a more general public.",2,3,"Jan 30, 2016"
7,"he changed and for better, i unlike his previous albums but this is very good. im giving it a 7 because most songs sound like the same r&b songs but still so catchy. my favs are we are and life is worth living. x",2,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"I had to force myself to listen to this record. Thats just how boring it was. To be honest I thought this guy was done for in the music business but he came back with Purpose.
To start of the record he starts by waling out a melody through nahs and duns. Then a mellow trap-like beat plays accompanies him while he sings meaningless and generic lyrics about living a lie called Mark My Words.
The third song on the record, titled What Do You Mean was a big hit before he released this. I honestly dont mind this one song besides the piano and the clocks. It just doesnt fit the song at all. The lyrics are crap but what do you expect from JB?
A few more boring song later No Pressure comes up which features rapper Big Sean. The lyrics in this song seem to have the same theme as What Do You Mean (running out of time, making up your mind). Then Big Sean comes in with his monotone voice. I thought it was interesting that he mentioned Yoko Ono in the song.
A few other electronically processed and computer generated lyrics later comes Where Are  Now which features Skrillex and Diplo. The verse sounds Skrillex-like with JBs filtered voice. Then the beat drops in normal Skrillex fashion and its actually not bad. The melody is pretty good and everything but of course Skrillex made this song and Justin Beiber didnt. I thought the horn could get kind of anyoing sometimes during my second listen of this song.
The next song is an EDM-like song titled Children and hes talking about making a different. When the beat drops I actually had a smile on my face because it wasnt bad a all.
Lastly, the final song Purpose starts off with a sad piano vibe. Then he starts singing some more generic lyrics. After listening to this record and almost falling asleep (twice) besides the few tolerable tracks on album I think it was just boring and unoriginal.",7,11,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"His voice is on point in this album, sounds really beautiful, it's so good.
The lyrics are romantics and some are really inspirational, and the best for him is that he co-write every music in this album
The mixes are so good, all on point. The album is really good. 'Mark My Words' sounds so **** good with his vocals. 'Sorry' is so good to dance in a nightclub and with 'children' you can not only dance but learn with the lyrics. He is definitely a new Bieber.",6,10,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum junto com o Journals, com Skrillex na produo, tinha quer ser essa maravilha que estamos vendo, com 2 hits, sendo que 1 deles atingiu o topo da Billboard.
Love Sorry, The Felling, Company I'II Show You, Been You e Mark My Words.
Principe do Pop!",3,5,"Nov 17, 2015"
6,"Jams escuch el disco con la intencin de dar criticas negativas pero fue un poco decepcionante, esperaba ms de Bieber. No es ms que una buena coleccin de singles, es diferente y probablemente me empiece a gustar en un tiempo. Todas las canciones son bastante similares pero sus fans lo van a disfrutar, por ahora es un 6/10 para m.
Mis favoritas:
1 - What Do You Mean?
2 - Sorry
3 - The Feeling (feat. Halsey)
4 - I'll Show You
5 - Children",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This album is such a masterpiece, he worked so hard on it i love his new music! I can't pick a favorite song on it like really! what an impressive job he did.",3,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Another terrible album, generic music, junk lyrics (not written by JB) and horrible voices, Justin is just a pretty face for the teenage girls, and not a musician as he likes to call him.",3,5,"Nov 28, 2015"
0,"Es un disco maduro pero eso no define el contenido de este disco, necesita mejores sonidos y mejor contexto de las letras. Es uno de los discos malos del 2015, la nica cancin buena que tiene este disco es 'Love Yourself' y las dems no son muy buenas.",4,7,"Nov 16, 2015"
2,"amiga se aposenta em nome de jesus e vai procurar outra coisa pra fazer... ningum quer ouvir sua voz de taquara rachada se doendo por causa da selena gomez nao! alem de ser um album horrvel tenho que ouvir as batidas sem graas genericadas pelo jack u. melhore, justin bieber, so melhore.",4,7,"Nov 27, 2015"
0,"I was so excited for this album until I heard it. It's a Justin's album or Skrillex? It sucks! The only good song there, is Sorry and just because it's catchy and that's it. He's trying way to hard.",3,6,"Nov 23, 2015"
2,"To me this proves that Justin is improving from his earlier albums but it still isn't good enough he should be producing brilliant albums but instead he bores me to tears and I put something else on.",2,4,"Jan 24, 2016"
0,"The worst album released this decade. Full of fillers & **** music with **** lyrics and **** beats highlight this **** album. Save your money and go buy Revival by Selena Gomez instead!",2,4,"Jan 28, 2016"
0,"Bad album that isn't made out of passion. It's made so he can get more tattoos, and pay his out standing charges and fees from the bad stuff he committed.",2,4,"Nov 24, 2015"
1,"What a boring **** album uh
Eu realmente achei chatinho e muito repetitivo, nem de longe  um album que gostaria de ouvir e no recomendo pra ngm. Pra uma volta deveria ter sido melhor mas  cansativo.",2,4,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"surely one of the best albums of his career. He showed a lot of improvement and maturity on this album (unlike some who just only try). Bieber deserves all the achievements that have been receiving, he gave a comeback and was superior to those who did not believe him and applaud today. Clearly, prince of pop",1,2,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"I think is a great album with from the begining to the end, he's doing a great transition proving himself like one of the biggest pop strs od tge planet and showing the world that he can make goos music for everyone",1,2,"Dec  3, 2015"
0,"HORRVEL. UM LBUM SEM QUALIDADE REPLETO DE FAROFAS RUINS. TODAS AS MUSICAS PARECEM A MESMA. VOZ IRRITANTE. PIOR LBUM DE 2015. S AS BELIEBERS PRA GOSTAREM DESSE LIXO SONORO. OUVIR ISSO DEVERIA SER CONSIDERADO CRIME NO GASTEM SEU DINHEIRO COM ESSA PORCARIA",1,2,"Feb 10, 2016"
0,"it's so bad, it sounds repetitive, I didnt enjoy it while I was listening to it,  I expected more for this album, this album sucks. I'm so dissapointed,",5,11,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"That evolution album! Great candidate to grammy!
Seriously, it is AWESOME!  There is no bad music, ALL EXCELLENT! MY CONGRATULATIONS JB, WIN OVER A FAN!",6,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"Nice album, it has several sound, with dance-pop, electronic, very innovate, i like it. Besides, it has music with beautiful lyrics. I think could be better, but is good.",2,5,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"All the songs are so similar ... Some of them are cute but, I don't know there's no point in making an album if you're going to use the same sound in half of it? I gave 1 just because I think 'life is worth living' is a good song, the rest of them are just boring.",5,13,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"well, I will tell you the truth: this is the worst album of 2015. Don't buy it, it is not worth it. Reflection and Revival are better than this album. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeew",3,8,"Nov 16, 2015"
0,"Basic ass album. No uniqueness at all. No flow and it just is a radio made album. His worst album  honestly. The best song on here is Sorry' but the others are corny and poorly sang",3,8,"Nov 20, 2015"
0,"Reasonable material, boring voice as always, annoying middle -sounding however sounds cool at times , strong compositions , and the contradiction sounds strong this album when 'Love yourself' says not wanting to his old love , and 'sorry' says he wants Selena right back , reasonable material. kinda cool to",6,18,"Jan 20, 2016"
6,"I actually listened to this album hoping it would be really good because I liked Sorry, What Do You Mean?, Love Yourself and I'll Show You which were all released prior to the album. However, I was disappointed to find that most of all the other tracks were a little 'meh' - some of them I liked like Purpose, Children and some others but most of them all sounded too similar to each other and you can sometimes not even here is voice due to the music being too loud over him. A disappointing album but it has some good songs on it.",3,9,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"All the songs are the same. Same beat same style same everything
I would like to hear different sounds and different vocals for certain songs but there's none so to me I would rate 4 out of 10",3,9,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"Dei ZERO pq me deu vontade :)  Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem? Problem?",2,6,"Nov 26, 2015"
0,"electronically processed and computer generated lyrics. ''Children'' save this album a little, but it isn't enough. Dissapointed on how much the people consider the diverse ways of electronic like music, don't matter how much you say it, it is not. The electronic is a bubblegum,  and the biggest example is ''sorry''. that song sound like ''how deep is your love'' by calvin harris so much, a little mainstream lyrics, electronic beat and caribbean, ew.  Love yourself is not bat at all, but like children, is not enough.  The singles excited me about this album, i was expecting more.",2,6,"Nov 21, 2015"
8,"This is Bieber's first album as a legitimate artist. With major assists from Poo Bear and, especially, Skrillex, he's given us a solidly above average album. Half of the album is nearly flawless, yet the other half is mediocre. Purpose is the first Bieber album I've listened to all the way through and the only one I've enjoyed at all. I'm definitely looking forward to his next project to see if he takes another step forward and, hopefully, tightens up his artistic identity even further. ~ 7.7/10
~ with deluxe and Walmart edition tracks: 6.6/10
Best track: 'Love Yourself'
Other notable tracks: 'I'll Show You', 'What Do You Mean?', 'Sorry', 'Company' & 'We Are'",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year, has a ritm and melody too much different to the others albums, was amazing i love it, and his voice is sexy, the letters are so beautiful and mlancolic",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
7,"Mark My Words is the only song here that has actual innovation or inventiveness. The rest of the album is by-the-numbers, although Justin does give songs like Love Yourself or Purpose soul that most of this generation's pop music severely lacks. The production, if nothing new, is nice to the ears too.",1,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
0,"ESSE FOI O LBUM MAIS HORRIPILANTE E SEM CONTEDO QUE EU J VI EM TODA MINHA VIDA! VOC ESTRAGROU MEUS OUVIDOS E O DA MINHA CACHORRA SEU IMUNDO PSICOPATA NOJENTO",1,3,"Mar 26, 2016"
0,"is always the same with this new generation, all that occurred, are not very many songs with good lyrics, but has a silver lining in all this is that for fans",4,13,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"This is a bubble gum teen album. This is a Reflection 2.0 just made to hit and he forgot the quality. He is so focus to get the #1 thet forgot to do a good album. Forget Selena, she's movin' on and is happy now. HER ALBUM IS BETTER THAN YOU",6,20,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"the album also takes itself so seriously that too often it inadvertently suppresses exactly what made Bieber so appealing in the first place. nnnnnnnn",3,10,"Nov 16, 2015"
1,"Really bad. Algunas suenan bien pero esto no me gusto, tal vez solo es que nunca me agrado su actitud y ahora estoy aqu comentando algo que realmente me tiene sin cuidado.",2,7,"Nov 14, 2015"
2,"Bem chatinho, gostei de algumas msicas mas me lembra muito o Journals, pra mim,  um journals 2.0, mas tirando isso achei bom, as melhores msicas so Purpouse e I ill show you, as outras so meio farofinha sabe?",5,18,"Nov 13, 2015"
6,"O lbum est bom, mas falta algo a mais, falta aquele 'WOW', temos vrias msicas boas mas tambm vrias msicas chatas, ele tem que voltar com a mesma essncia da era Believe ou melhor ainda pra conseguir se superar e garantir minha nota 10.",2,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"This is the best album from Bieber. More personal, great lyrics, great sounds, good vocals. He changed and for better. My favorites songs on Purpose are 'I'll Show You',  'No Pressure feat. Big Sean', 'No Sense feat. Travis Scott', 'The Feeling feat. Halsey', 'Company' and 'Love Yourself'.",1,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Album muito farofa, usam batidas pra tentar atrair pessoas que gostem do album, mas o album em si n e bom, poderia ter feito muito melhor.1d fez o album muito melhor, com otimas letras e n lotou de auto tune q nem o JB",2,9,"Jan  1, 2016"
0,"ew, this is a horrible album. we cannot call this as a album because this is a trash. Selena and Demi are better than jb. He's thinking about being the king of the pop, but he is a trash of the pop",3,14,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"Purpose tem o som muito parecido com os albums anteriores a esse, ficou repetido e ele precisa inovar. No parece que ele levou trs anos escrevendo este album, e as msicas com a produo do skrillex devido ao seu toque acabam ocultando muito a voz dele.",3,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"I did not enjoy this album. Hate to say his songs mostly sounded the same, but they did. I was expecting so much more from Bieber, I honestly think he might've been better in his My World/My World 2.0 era. The songs are too electronic for me and the hype for this album was way too much. The whole 'comeback' story his PR made was extremely smart, considering he never actually went away, but everyone loves the comeback kid. Of course Bieber's voice is incredible though, it always has been. Giving him a 3 rating only because his vocals are insane.",3,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"La verdad, es un album muy basico, su muica sin calidad, la verad no me gusto para nada, y el album de 1D se merece muchisimo mas, esa es mi opinion vale.",1,5,"Nov 15, 2015"
0,"bombaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",2,15,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"Eu peguei raiva desse lbum, confesso. Mais raiva do Justin ainda. Ele vende uma imagem do lbum TOTALMENTE diferente do que ela , divulga mais que tudo, para no final... Ser isso que eu ouvi! Por What Do You Mean?, Sorry e at mesmo Love Yourself, eu imaginei que foi uma inovao do Bieber. Eu achei que ele iria largar o estilo chato de Journals e iria dar uma repaginada, que iria voltar a fazer a msica boa de antes. Porm, infelizmente, isso tudo foi s imagem. Ele liberou (tirando I'll Show You) as melhores do lbum para, no resto, ser um Journals 2.0. Uma decepo, sinceramente.",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
1,"No me ha encantado, lo nico favorable han sido sus singles, no creo que haya una madurez, ni un graaan cambio. lo siento, no me gusto para nada, tanto tiempo de descanso fue un desperdicio.",1,9,"Nov 13, 2015"
4,"This was my first Bieber album listened carefully and I'm really disappointed. Most songs are flat, monotonous and just boring. However,  'Sorry', 'What Do You Mean' and 'Company' (which I hope will be released as next single) are quite catchy and they improved my final score for this album. No, it's not too late to say sorry for not living up to my expectations with this album, Mr. Bieber.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"what a amazing comeback of JB , this album is a truely platinum and it was his best albm ever
me BTW  a belieber you can follow me on twitter @aachirag31 i always follow back",0,1,"Feb 13, 2016"
7,"The album is good, though not great, is very common than he already did, and I think it should have modified, like the album, but not extremely good, so my score is 7",0,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"A sonoridade de Purpose merece grande destaque, suas batidas so  bem envolventes e suas composies so slidas, mostrando de fato um trabalho com um foco bem desenvolvido.",0,1,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"This album is really good, it's one of the bests albuns by Bieber I'm really impressed, most of the musics are awesome, I loveeeeeed this album. Bieber stays that way",0,1,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"Amazing Album. Excellent Lyricism. INCREDIBLE Vocals. I have always listened and will forever listen to his music. This kid never fails to disappoint me!",0,1,"Nov 22, 2015"
7,"Justin Bieber went from 0 to 100 real quick. His reinvention in his new music sounds good and showed maturity for a bigger audience. However, the album contains fillers. On a positive note, it sure will make a lot of hits. 'Sorry' and 'Love Yourself' are the best in the album.",0,2,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"Purpose is a great album, i really enjoy listening songs like Sorry or Children,  make me wanna dance everytime.... and there something of R&B vibes in Trust, All in it or No pressure... The whole album is good, i really enjoy it from the begining to the end",0,1,"Dec  3, 2015"
10,"Esse album com certeza foi um dos melhores de 2015, Justin est de parabns! Surpreendeu bastante, com msicas tanto calmas quando com uma pegada eletronica, est demais!",0,1,"Dec 18, 2015"
10,"Justin Bieber made a huge comeback with a strong lead single and heavy promotion for his first single and his upcoming album, it worked and 'What Do You Mean' became a smash single, because of the promotion and because the song was good, Good for a comeback single? No, But Good for a lead single? Yes. He released 'Sorry' as the second single which was so good and proved that Justin has completely changed directions with his album and made the world excited for whats next. The album was released and it was so good and very different from his past albums. It was more mature, very strong and good content and definitely good featuring artists, of course we were disappointed that there wasn't a Drake collar but with Big Sean, Halsey and Travis Scott, i can say that Justin did a great job.",0,1,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"Mature and wonderful album. Justin shone in what is proposed to do, and from now on will only come good songs. I'm so proud. TE AMO JUBINHO, MAS NO SEI INGLS..",0,1,"Mar  9, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing and shows a great departure from Justin's old tunes which weren't bad either. He has been best at what he does and he still continues to do that. Funny how hypocritical fans of 1D gave his album a negative review without even listening to the songs.",0,1,"Mar 18, 2016"
8,"Its a good album. I'm a 21 year old guy who has never actually clicked with JB's tunes in the past AT ALL, and to be honest, this album is really, really great. The production includes electro, trap and synth beats, and this album contains some great features like Nas, Travis Scott, Big Sean and Skrillex. Lyrically, it is decent, and his voice really goes well on the production.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2016"
10,"A great album with personal songs. Justin Bieber knows how to make catchy pop ballads and deep slow songs. He's garnered many hits from this album for a reason.",0,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
4,"The singles were actually good, getting better with each release (I'll Show You > Sorry > WDYM). However, from the singles and the sound that they comprised of, i could already tell what he was going for in the album, and could see that it wasn't going to be a good album mix. His entire album is basically Where R U Now Part 2. You can tell, right from the first single, that that was the main inspiration for the album sound, and he stuck with that template for the entire album. Justin, making an album with all the same sound is a recipe for **** albums. Was it possible to make a good album using the Where R U Now template? Definitely (see Madonna: Confessions on the Dancefloor, where every song basically had the same template) but Beiber did a poor job of making an album that sounded cohesive, even when working with tracks that sounded the same. Overall, a zero for album quality/cohesiveness, but I will spare a 4 because a few songs are good.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Com 'Purpose', Bieber direcionou o seu foco ao EDM, estilo que no utiliza desde o ''Believe''. Porm, de maneira mais aproveitada. Diferente do anterior, Purpose  um lbum coeso e contagiante. O samba no One Erection s comeou n amores, j que essa bandinha de garagem re-utiliza a frmula de criar albuns desde 2013. Eu no apoio as fifth harmony de forma alguma...",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
9,"Smart... I'm sure that this is the right word to describe this album. Excellent work, excellent concept. Appropriate sonority, good vocals. The few negative aspects are: Diplo as producer and the lyrics aren't mature enough. Best 2015 album so far.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"I hadn't listened a song of Justin Bieber's before this album, can't lie. I've never been a hater but his music wasn't appealing to me but as a 21 year old male I can say that the growth in his music in this album is incredible. This album is a really well executed pop album and made me appreciate his talent. Most people just blindly hate cause it's Bieber but to be real artist like Chris Brown, Ty$, Trey Songz sometimes do the same music. Take it for what it is and you'll enjoy it.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2015"
4,"I've never been a fan of Justin Bieber, but I figured I'd give this album a listen given all the hype it's been getting. It's actually not as horrible as I was expecting it to be, but it's still pretty disappointing. The good news is that Bieber's voice is very smooth and actually quite nice. He also captures the sound of pop music in 2015 quite well (or at least his producers do), but at times this also makes the music sound pretty generic. Even some of the better songs, like Sorry, get old really quickly because they're full of the same musical ideas that are constantly being played on the radio. Now, the thing that really bugs me about so many of these songs (or perhaps Bieber in general), is the squeaky-clean persona he tries to put forth. His lyrics are often so incredibly cheesy and ridiculous that they can turn a decent song into a cringeworthy nightmare. Case in point, the spoken word outro of the title track. It's the most incoherent, insipid nonsense I've heard in a while, and the fact that he throws religion into it to make himself seem wholesome or whatever makes it even more annoying. I'm not sure why he's so insistent on acting so goody-goody all the time. It's weird, and not convincing at all. Anyway, this album is overall pretty average, and thankfully there are a few good songs that save it from being completely awful. But it's definitely not enough to win me over as a Belieber.
Standout track: I'll Show You",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
7,"Purpose has actually a lot of relatable songs. I was listening to the song 'All In It' and I found myself being confused because the lyrics were so relatable lol. It is a very thoughtful album even if it has a couple of songs that were a bit too simplistic or similar to the other ones. But overall the message on this album is clear and important enough and not only that, but the beats are pretty catchy most of the time and Justin has a really good voice.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
7,"Bieber in my eyes is still a bit corny. But that doesn't mean I can't like him at all. This album is a great leap in maturity and musicality from his younger albums. He still has lots of time to improve, with lyrics and ideas to talk about. I'm exited for projects he will put out later on in his 20's. He has mad potential.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2015"
4,"The singles are freshest part of this album - the strengths of 'What Do You Mean?', 'Sorry' and 'Where Are U Now' are never fully matched on this too long, too boring comeback. When Bieber isn't doing his best to imitate Drake (see 'Company'), he is reliving his failed moments from his 2012 effort Believe (see 'No Pressure'). It is sad when a lifeless force like Halsey (on the soon to be smash 'The Feeling') actually brightens up the record and makes it interesting again. Although there are a few interesting production choices (the odd and somewhat incising 'Children', the Ed Sheeran track 'Love Yourself' which features a bitter trumpet solo), it is sad to say that Bieber chose whiny faux-vulnerable songs over the interesting and mature dance/EDM that made his singles such bangers.
Download: the singles + 'The Feeling' and 'Love Yourself'",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
9,"I venture to say that this album is one of his best albums produced this year and the best of it. Do not like it, but I have to admit that he did a great job, the songs are so tasty hearing, where clearly you can hear his voice without an album full of effects. Justin Congratulations, great job!",0,0,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns do Justin, claro que ainda no passou de Believe mas as msicas, a voz, o jeito de cantar, praticamente tudo est to mudado at mesmo desde o Journals e eu amei isso. O fato de msica eletrnica ser um dos meus gneros favoritos deixou o lbum ainda melhor (para mim ao menos), porque a maioria das msicas tem uma pegada eletrnica.
Adorei o lbum todo! Espero que continue evoluindo.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"Justin is just getting better and better. Purpose is very inspirational where I think people can find themselves on it. the kid is doing a great job. Personally my favorite songs are Children and Love yourself.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album has versatility and clearly shows how much JB has matured as an artist. I honestly believe that he has made a great impact with this album. He is the sound of the future. Very impressive.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"Bieber delivers his best album yet. Purpose displays a new track of music for Justin, one that mirrors his song Where are U Now with Diplo an Skrillex that is also featured on the album. Justin seems to be far more comfortable with this style of music, and it shows through with his stage presence and lyricism. Some of the songs seem t blend into each other, however, and seem to be too similar. The deluxe tracks are the lows of the album, none of them seeming to be anything special. However, Justin proved himself worthy of staying in the music industry, and there is so much more potential waiting for him.
Highlights: What Do You Mean, Love Yourself, Life is Worth Living, Purpose",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
10,"es un muy buen lbum lo recomiendo totalmente, ya deben dejar de lado el odio por justin bieber ha mejora mucho, no se deben quedar solo con la cancin baby abran su mente a su nueva msica les encantara.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
6,"I really enjoyed the first two singles off this album. They reminded me of the late 90's with their really big pop hooks and this throwback theme is such a refreshing change from some of today's music. Listening to the rest of the album, I strongly got the impression that they all have amazing and powerful voices. And when they want to be fun and sassy, they're on point. The ballads, however, don't work for me. They sounded mediocre, and at times, were cringe worthy. These songs make this album a missed opportunity for me. If the songs had the same consistency as the first three tracks then hands down, I would have given this a solid 10 for a pop album.",3,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"You only know how to talk **** of all that is not trend. If the album had such hits today instead of really good songs written and produced all of you have given a note 10. It is their style and will not change, if you do not like it's no use talking.",2,2,"Nov 27, 2015"
3,"Pans out exactly as one would predict. Formulaic in vogue four chord stuff. Fortunately the subject matter never falls into the pit of depravity of many of their pop contemporeries, remaining fairly innocent.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2015"
6,"Being the main UK girlgroup, it's a hard task to achieve pop fans approval, but they make it seem to be so easy. They're getting mature slowly, but healthily.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2015"
0,"With tiresome and outdated songs, Get Weird by Little Mix is one of the worst albums released in 2015. The album does not add anything to the listeners, it is tiring and boring",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
3,"This album is too lovely! All the songs are about love. That was annoying to hear at times. And this one shows that girls didn't grow up, previous albums were definitely better. So, I'm kinda disappointed. Just expected more(((",5,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
5,"More of the same.
Nowadays girl/boybands are so monotonous.
Leave music, u suck at this. Xo
------------------------------------------------------------",4,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
6,"Realmente esperaba ms de este disco, todas las canciones fcilmente pueden entrar en DNA o Salute, suenan a reciclajes. Nada nuevo, siguen haciendo lo mismo sin arriesgarse demasiado. Sin embargo se mantienen originales y el disco tiene un par de canciones buenas, sin dudas las baladas son su fuerte!
Top 5
1 - Secret Love Song, Pt. II
2 - I Love You
3 - A.D.I.D.A.S.
4 - Secret Love Song (feat. Jason Derulo)
5 - Love Me Like You",3,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
8,"This album is a good pop album,but a bit of a letdown. The singles leading up to it were amazing pop singles, yet the rest of the album lacks the Jazz those songs had. The rest of the album is slower and nothing like the singles before. They are still really enjoyable, but just not what I was expecting.",3,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
0,"I just don't get those high reviews from the audience. This album has something that fell short of my expectation........................................................................................................",6,9,"Nov  8, 2015"
2,"This album sounds like the soundtrack for a bad teens movie, truly disapointing after their two previous albums which showed a much more moture side of them",8,13,"Nov  6, 2015"
5,"Exceptional voices unfortunately result in a tired, forgettable sound. Little Mix fail to deliver an album worthy of crowning them the girl band of the decade and reassuring their status.. Instead, they wallow in pop purgatory, experimenting with overused beats and deciding to play it safe. The albums shines in the up-tempo, but a whole chunk of unnecessary ballads leaves the sound and direction confused. Overall, Little Mix's third album lacks edge, might, and character. Some characteristics that their rivals are starting to develop, even in the early stages.",3,5,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Secret Love Song dona do lbum. Ai s to escrevendo pra aumentar o User Score mesmo. RAINAHS DO POP, AMO, PISAM MUITO, MAIOR E MELHOR GIRLBAND DA ATUALIDADE FODEEEEEEE",11,19,"Nov  6, 2015"
1,"I love Little Mix but in all honesty and I want to be realistic here just because I'm a fan it doesn't mean I'm blind or deaf, I was expecting so much more, I mean it's cool it has so many great harmonies, vocals and cool beats where they show their talent which is awesome but it comes to a point where it seems like they are trying so hard, I found some songs really childish and boring without sense, nothing compared with what they did with DNA but I wish the best for them",5,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
0,"Implorando que acabasse, no sei como vcs gostaram sendo que ate a critica n gostou. ai se vemos que vcs n sabem nada de musica. vo ouvir musica de verdade e parar de achar que isso e bom.",8,15,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Primeiramente digo que sou harmonizer, mas devo admitir que Get Weird  um dos melhores lanamentos do ano no mundo pop. A harmonia das vozes, os instrumentais, as letras, tudo se encaixa de uma maneira sensacional.
um lbum colorido, assim como o primeiro da banda, DNA. Mas , ao mesmo tempo, um som moderno e maduro - no to quanto o antecessor, mas , mesmo assim, um trabalho incrvel onde podemos encontrar vrios hinos (Weird People, OMG, Lightning, Love Me Or Leave, entre vrios outros),
Little Mix surpreendeu com este lbum, por mais que a sonoridade dele no seja algo totalmente diferente do que j tenham feito. Mas, repetindo, as melodias, letras, tudo d um resultado estranhamente (entenderam a referncia?)  maravilhoso.
Get Weird  um dos melhores trabalhos de girlgroups dos ltimos anos.
Anne-Leigh, Perry, Jade e Jessy tm tudo para ser uma das melhores girlbands j existentes. Este lbum  a prova disso.
Eu realmente amei este produto. Venham ser estranhos com os novos sons da Little Mix!",3,6,"Nov 11, 2015"
10,"Get Weird is divine. Its structure is exceptional and the merging of genres is unreal. Getting out of comfort zone, Little Mix show that theyre not only able to rule rnb music, but also pop music and latin opera. Giving emphasis to acapella tracks, Their voices exude an angelic air in a perfect harmony. Involved in their art, Little Mix show us that theyre not a product controlled by the media. Get weird is a real massacre and it is consecrated as work of art and one of the best albums produced by a girl band. Thank you for blessing our ears.",3,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"MELHOR ALBUM DELAS, LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME DONA HINO SUPREMO E O ALBUM TODO TEM VOCAIS MARAVILHOSOS, trindade suprema: love me or leave me, secret love song e the end",2,4,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"This album is so fresh, so pop, really their best album yet, their vocals are on point. This is the biggest girlband in the world today. OMG is a really good song, and Secret Love Song is an amazing ballad.",3,7,"Nov  9, 2015"
9,"Get weird  um albm promissor e digno de ateno, no apenas pelas suas batidas cativantes ou melodias vibrantes, mas sim por toda a emoo e diverso que abrange o disco.",2,5,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"Acredito que o Get Weird j se tornou um dos melhores lbums pop lanado e 2015 e provavelmente o melhor lbum feito por um girlgroup atual, as msicas por si s j so uma obra de arte, saindo desse pop genrico que  o que recebe boas criticas e faz sucesso ultimamente, e o Little Mix entra com vozes perfeitas, com uma harmonia sobrenatural, e destacando as msicas acapella do lbum que mostram o quo real so suas vozes,  um grande equivoco que tenham dito que elas no saram de sua zona de conforto, basta observar seus dois lbums anteriores, DNA e Salute, e compra-los a esse, e perceber que essas meninas finalmente encontraram a 'sua' musica, Little Mix j se tornou o melhor girlgroup da atualidade, resta receber o reconhecimento que merece e luta tanto para conseguir.",2,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Claramente o melhor lbum pop do ano e o melhor da Little Mix. Vozes magnificas, secret love song e love me or leave me hinos do get weird biblia do pop",2,5,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOO PISOU NO REFLECTION LIXO
fifth no harmony se encontra chorando na cama depois do lanamento do ano mas no esperava menos das rainhas donas do uk",3,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"IS THIS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENIU LADY GAGA WARNED US ABOUT????? YES IT IS. While hearing it I could only feel sorry for how underrater this girls are, while every other girgroup($$HADE) is more worried about being sexy and catchy and dumb sometimes than just relevant, this girls prove(mainly with the end and the beginnig) that they don't need anything else but their voices to slay pur souls, drag our asses to filth and snatch everyone's weaves. Congrats Little Mix on another great album",4,11,"Nov 11, 2015"
10,"Get Weird sem dvida  o melhor lbum de um girl group lanado na atualidade. Grande parte desse lbum  inspirada nos anos 80 e com isso mais uma vez elas provam sua diversidade e vasta emerso musical, se compar ao seu ltimo lbum 'Salute', sem dvida prova isso! Nesse lbum parece que finalmente Little Mix se mostrou, parece que elas encontraram um som para chamar de 'seu'. Get Weird  um lbum completamente cheio de personalidade, com letras significativas e com uma vibe incrvel. E esse no  apenas mais um lbum no mercado, esse lbum  o comeo de uma nova era para elas e uma nova viso musical vinda de um grupo de garotas que so; sim, super estimados no mercado atual da msica e elas no pegaram o que est acontecendo no pop 'atual', que sem nenhuma dvida  a personificao da palavra horrvel mas sim, foram atrs de algo 'novo' e que realmente traz aquele gostinho de quero mais. At mesmo em A.D.I.D.A.S com sua letra mais 'atrevida' no beira ao ridculo ou at mesmo o genrico como muitos outros grupos. Algo realmente surpreendente  o fato que; Little Mix se colocou em um grande risco ao adicionar duas msicas acapella, e com suas harmonias completamente apertadas mostraram personalidade. Qualquer pessoa com o mnimo de senso crtico deve ser capaz de dizer que Little Mix  uma fora a ser reconhecida no mercado. Elas sem dvida so, o melhor grupo de garotas, hoje.",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"This album is incredible. It's by far their best album. Each song is different. You have colorful pop songs on one hand and big ballads that really showcase each of the member's vocal ability on the other. One song that stands out the most is 'Secret Love Song Pt.II.' It's a big vocal moment for them and the lyrics itself is a masterpiece. You'd never expect an LGBT anthem from a 'pop girl group.' They really do the song justice. In my opinion, it's the best song on the album. You should also keep an eye out for their acapellas, 'The End' and 'The Beginning.'",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"The greatest pop album of all time has been dropped and it's called Get Weird..
Congrats Little Mix for this amazing masterpiece and thanks for blessing us with it.",3,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",1,3,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"Best Little Mix album to date.
It's amazing!!!!!
The best POP album of the year!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats to Little Mix for this amazing and briliant album.",1,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
0,"very mainstream album for an over-hyped so called girl band!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",6,20,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"This album is incredible with some catchy melodies and brilliant vocals. Perfect to dance around to when you've had a bad day. Best songs: Love Me Like You, I Won't, A.D.I.D.A.S., Hair, OMG, Secret Love Song and Black Magic.",4,14,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM I EVER HEARD!! They are the best girl band ever!!! It's really sad see girl groups that don't have any talent having a hit and Little Mix working so hard! But they did it, they did the best album of this year! BEST LITTLE MIX ALBUM! Secret Love Song, I Won't, A.D.I.D.A.S and the rest of the album is perfect!! CONGRATULATIONS LITTLE MIX",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"It's always a pleasure to say that I'm a fan of the Little Mix, just by the fact of them write this wonderful album, without stealing samples from hits. Derulas 5, say Fifth Harmony has never been butchered by hymns as Grown, Secret Love Song feat. Jason Derulo and OMG. They will never have an album as good as 'Get Weird'. Sorry harmonizers, but Fifth Harmony will never be good.
#BuyTINDERELLAOnITunes",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Amazing! Get Weird sem dvida  o melhor lbum de um girl group lanado na atualidade. Grande parte desse lbum  inspirada nos anos 80 e com isso mais uma vez elas provam sua diversidade e vasta emerso musical, se compar ao seu ltimo lbum 'Salute', sem dvida prova isso!",2,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Maravilhoso CD com influencia vanguardista.
inevitvel dizer que as Little Mix sofreram uma grande emerso musical, desde seu ultimo album 'Salute', sem perder nada da sua essncia, fixando agora com um som mais 'seu' que nunca e no apenas pulando de galhos em galhos como outros Girlgroups sem nenhum tipo de personalidade artstica, que recicla tudo que h na media que faa sucesso e coloca dentro de seus albuns para alcanar hype.
Little Mix  apenas a maior Girlgrup que surgiu desde as Spices, mas tbm a unica com o talento igualvel   e to memorvel.
Esse album  a prova que essas garotas tem muito o que nos mostrar",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Best Little Mix album to date. The girl group have stated that they wanted to make an album where every track could be a single, an album with NO fillers, and to be honest, i think they have been extremely successful. MY favorite songs from the album are 'Love Me or Leave Me', 'Secret Love Song, PT II' , 'I Wont' and EVERY SINGLE OTHER SONG.",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"pop perfection. may not overcome the salute, but it is noteworthy that this is an evolution, productions such as Hair and Weird People, for example. A.D.I.D.A.S. was a disappointment to me, especially the buzz that made her, the version of Secret Love Song with Jason is not bad, but the Pt II is much more exciting",2,8,"Nov  6, 2015"
9,"Best songs: Hair, Love Me Like You e Lightning. em sonoridade  o melhor delas, mais Pop, que amo, Melhor GirlBand of The World e elas vem evoluindo sempre.",1,4,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"MELHOR LBUM DO ANO, ESSES CRTICOS TEM BOSTA NA CABEA PORQUE ESSE LBUM  MARAVILHOSO HINRIO PISA MAIS LITTLE MIX, SEGURA A MARIMBA AI MONAMU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! J QUERO 1KK NO LBUM DO ANO, BIGGEST GIRLBAND IN THE WORLD N AMORES! AH JA QUERO SECRET LOVE SONG, LIGHTNING OU GROWN COMO SINGLE, SE VIRA @LITTLEMIX @SYCO, EU QUERO OS HINOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS OS ACAPELLAS J MOSTRAM QUE O QUE ELAS CANTAM EM ESTDIO EM AO VIVO ELAS CONSEGUEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PISA MAIS LITTLE MIX, PISA MAIS RAINHAS, JA KERO UM 90 DA BILLBOARD E 90 DA ROLLING STONE, SE VIRA @CRITICOSDARS @CRITICOSDABB EU QUERO UM +80 NO HINRIO TEEN",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"HINARIO, ALBUM REPLETO DE HINOOOS
LITTLE MIX NO DECEPCIONA, QUEM DECEPCIONA SO ESSES CRITICOS NOJENTOS QUE NO DERAM 90 PARA O NOVO TESTAMENTO
VOU CHAMA MEUS ADVOGADOS DA ALEMANHA KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"Mais um hinriooooooooooooooooo pras rainhaaaas, ameeeeeei, j vou comprar e ajudar nas vendaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas, segura a marimba ai monamu, QUERO 70 NO CRITIC **** PRAS DEUSAS",1,4,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"A crtica d uma nota boa para o lixo do Reflection e uma nota no muito boa para esse lbum incrvel...  assim que voc percebe como at a crtica est terrvel. Little Mix fez um lbum ala anos 80 (muitas canes parecem dessa poca), alm das integrantes terem vocais INCRVEIS e melhor ainda: solos bem distribudos (risos). Get Weird no foi feito para hitar e sim para mostrar o que  msica de qualidade, pena que os crticos musicais preferem as msicas trash como ''Worth It'' que foi apenas para hitar. Little Mix sim  a MELHOR girlband da atualidade, e uma das melhores que esse mundo j viu.",1,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"o melhor lbum de Little Mix sim. Eu realmente fiquei bem decepcionada com as crticas at agora, 63  pouco. A pior de todas  a que diz que elas no saem da zona de conforto, no se arriscam. Salute foi um album Rnb e elas simplesmente fizeram o Get Weird um lbum PURO pop anos 80. Isso no  se arriscar? Little Mix sempre foi boa nas ballads e nesse cd no foi diferente. Secret Love Song (com Jason Derulo, devo destacar, os vocais ficaram incrveis), Secret Love Song Parte II, uma msica na qual os homossexuais se identificaram muito, I Love You e Love me or Leave Me. A melhor parte das ballads das meninas  que, voc pode sentir o que elas esto sentindo. Elas cantam com todo o corao. Desde suas primeiras msicas lentas, Turn Your Face, por exemplo. A.D.I.D.A.S, Grown, Weird People, OMG, LMLY e  Black Magic so msicas que te fazem sentir realmente na poca de 80. Sem contar que, esse cd contm muito menos Auto Tune, os vocais foram MUITO valorizados. Me digam, duas msicas acapella e uma acstica no  se arriscar? Msicas assim no vo para as rdios, mas Little Mix, obviamente, as que no se arriscam e que no saem da zona de conforto no do a minma. Vou falar de uma msica BRILHANTE agora, individualmente, e que chamou ateno de muitos: Lightning. Porque ningum est dando o valor que essa msica merece? Little Mix acaba de sair de um lbum Rnb para fazer uma **** TRAP MSICA COM PERA LATINA! Se alguma outra girlband j se arriscou assim, por favor me avisem. Lightning tem um trecho em Latin, e pra melhorar, foi escrita pelas meninas. Ser que no levam isso em considerao? a composio  o mais importante.
A.D.I.D.A.S no  se arriscar? So 4 mulheres lindas e maiores de idade falando sobre sexo de maneira divertida, alm de conter um RAP maravilhoso. Quando que mulheres no so julgadas por falar de sexo assim? Isso no  se arriscar?
Parece que quando Little Mix parar de compor as prprias msicas e lanar uma msica do Max Martin elas vo ter valor, n?",1,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"O lbum t incrvel n manas pfvr, s n ver quem n quer ou ento s pode ser harmonizer lixosa, s tem high notes e vrios HINOS licena BIGGEST GIRLBAND 21ST CENTURY",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"No tentem contestar a verdade, porque Little Mix  e sempre ser a melhor girlband da atualidade! So donas de sua prpria msica, como demonstram neste lbum. Elas decidem o tipo de sonoridade que vo aderir, diferente de outros grupos altamente controlados e que s cantam o que a gravadora quer. Se arriscaram em um pop anos 80, mudando totalmente o estilo que estavam seguindo, trabalharam duro pra lanar um material de qualidade e optaram por deixar os fs sem lbum durante todo esse tempo apenas porque se recusam a ser um objeto apenas vendvel. Quem no gosta de girlband de atitude e 'estranha' como elas, obviamente no tem um pingo de personalidade.
BEST GIRLBAND EVEEEEEEEEEEEEER! #HINRIO",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"get weird  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de uma girlband no somente pelas letras incrveis que tem no lbum mas tambm pelas vozes cheia de harmonia que o grupo tem em si.",1,4,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"IS THIS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENIU LADY GAGA WARNED US ABOUT????? YES IT IS. While hearing it I could only feel sorry for how underrater this girls are, while every other girgroup($$HADE) is more worried about being sexy and catchy and dumb sometimes than just relevant, this girls prove(mainly with the end and the beginnig) that they don't need anything else but their voices to slay pur souls, drag our asses to filth and snatch everyone's weaves. Congrats Little Mix on another great album.",1,4,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Enterro do reflection, esse  melhor album de uma girl band ocidental :) Vamos danar ao som desse lbum, A.D.I.D.A.S  o grande destaque desse lbum: O RAP foi timo",1,4,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"The best pop lbum ever made by girlgroup.
The best lbum from little mix A.K.A. best grilband eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer
Vocals on point.
Lyrics on point.
My life is complete.",2,9,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Quando voc pensa em 'maior girlband da atualidade', de quem voc lembra? Se falou Little Mix, voc acertou. Esse album  uma prova viva que ainda pode existir girlband com boa qualidade hoje em dia, e no apenas um produto da gravadora pra lanar sucessos e lucrar. Ponto alto do album: Secret Love Song, com certeza essa  a melhor musica do album, tanto solo como feat. Jason Derulo. Com esse album com certeza elas vo se firmar ainda mais no seu pas de origem, e na musica. E daqui alguns anos veremos novas girlbands surgindo e usando as Little Mix como referncia. Espero que elas continuem sempre evoluindo em todos os termos, pois elas s tem a ganhar.",2,10,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"EU VOU CHAMAR MEUS ADVOGADOS NA ALEMANHA PRA LIDAR COM ESSES CRTICOS RIDCULOS QUE NO DERAM NO MINIMO UM 90 PRA ESSE NOVO TESTAMENTO DA BBLIA, COMO OUSAM DESAFIAR TANTO JESUS? MALDIO DO TERCEIRO LBUM MEU PAU, MEU PAU GRANDE E VEIUDO PRA ESSA NOTA 63. EU QUERO NOTA MXIMA SEUS OTRIOS. MELHOR LBUM DA CARREIRA, S HINRIOS, DESCULPE O VELHO TESTAMENTO DA BBLIA VULGO SALUTE, MAS GET WEIRD VEIO PRA ARROMBAR, ESTOU REVOLTADSSIMA COM ESSES CRTICOS RIDCULOS DANDO NOTAS RUINS PRA UMA OBRA PRIMA COMO ESSA, EXIJO NOVAS CRITICAS E COM TIMAS NOTAS, OK? MAS RESPEITO COM JESUS OU VOCS QUEIMARO EM FIFTH HARMONY (INFERNO). J ESTOU PROVIDENCIANDO MEUS ADVOGADOS E ELES SERO USADOS CASO ESSA NOTA NO MELHORE. OBRIGADO",1,5,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"De longe o melhor lbum das garotas, as letras maravilhosas, harmonia incrvel, e no era de se esperar menos das rainhas, donas do UK, e no tem o cargo de melhor girlband da atualidade atoa, elas fazem por merecer, no tem uma msica ruim, parabns para as rainhas.",1,5,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"This album is everything, harmonies on point.
keep grown little mix, show how make a good album for another girlbands.
the best girlband in the world, no contest",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Get Weird is by far Little Mix's best album to date. The lyrics are meaningful when they need to be and even on the more cheeky songs, the words still don't slip into the mediocre ones of today's society. The girls harmonies are completely tight and they take quite a risk putting two acapella songs on the LP. Anyone with ears should be able to tell Little Mix is a force to be reckoned with. They are no doubt the best girl group around today. They are extremely underrated and more people need to step away from the overly-sexualized, meaningless garb such as 'give it to me i'm worth it'.  Give real music a chance and give it the recognition it deserves for once people. WAKE UP!",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Oh please ... 'little mix don't take risks' they just play around with trap ballads, latin opera, 100% acapellas, other eras other than the 80s THE BEST album made by a girlgroup",1,6,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Maravilhoso!! Apesar de o lbum ter vrias baladas..  bem diversificado e todo o grupo canta de maneira harmonica e bem divida sem nenhuma das integrantes ser ofuscada.  Sem dvidas a melhor girlband da atualidade.",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOO NO SEI QUAL  A MELHOR MUSICA SO SEI QUE ADIDAS  A PIOR O RESTO  TUDO HINOO eu to passada com esse album pisou em 2015 todinho serioo",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Ignorem os absurdos falaciosos dessas supostas crticas especializadas, porque para afirmar que Little Mix no se arrisca  porque certamente no ouviu o Get Weird. Little Mix sai de um lbum 90s R&B para se arriscar nesse mercado medocre, que s aceita letras bsicas com produes idnticas, ressuscitando a melhor era do 80s POP (poca de Michael Jackson, Cindy Lauper, Whitney Houston) e colocar algo de decente e bem trabalhado nas rdios. Com vocais muito bem explorados - destaque para as duas faixas 100% acapella -, produes nicas e criativas como Lightning, o Get Weird se consagra como o melhor lbum j criado por um grupo feminino. Agora  rezar para que Little Mix, finalmente, receba o reconhecimento devido por ser um dos melhores grupos que j existiu.",1,7,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"get weird  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de uma girlband no somente pelas letras incrveis que tem no lbum mas tambm pelas vozes cheia de harmonia que o grupo tem em si. Elas tem a capacidade de escrever suas prprias msicas, fazerem lives incrveis e ao mesmo tempo todas brilharem mostrando seus potencias. Little Mix  uma continuao das incrveis girlbands que j existiram, desde Destiny`s Child a Spice Girls que provam que podem ser mulheres incrveis juntas.Little Mix  sem duvidas a maior girlband atualmente e apenas comprovou mais isso no get weird.",1,7,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO rainhas melhor album",0,3,"Nov 10, 2015"
9,"Srio esse lbum  maravilhoso  uma juno de msicas alegres como Black Magic uma faixa que possu elementos dos anos 90, Hair com um instrumental maravilhoso e danante, OMG uma faixa bem explosiva, Love Me Like You com um refro que gruda na sua cabea e tambm possu faixas que exploram mais os vocais como The End que  maravilhosa, I Love You uma faixa bem fofa e ao mesmo tempo forte e sem duvida a melhor faixa do lbum vulgo Love Me Or Leave Me possu uma letra maravilhosa, vocais perfeitos uma harmonia maravilhosa espero que sege single, nunca tinha ouvido um lbum dessas garotas e notei que elas so realmente boas, isso me deu animo para ouvir os antigos lbuns dela e ver se elas realmente evoluram
Elas esto de Parabns com esse lbum e espero que continuem assim, desejo para ela todo o sucesso do mundo.",0,3,"Nov 14, 2015"
10,"This album is perfect, best little mix album to date ever heard !!!OMG the best song and Black Magic athem i love this songs queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenss",0,4,"Nov  6, 2015"
8,"Little Mix, o que foi esse lbum?
Incrvel do comeo ao fim, mostrou um amadurecimento em TODOS os sentidos!
Grown, Hair, OMG, A.D.I.D.A.S., Secret Love Song Pt. II...  aquele tipo de lbum que todas as faixas mereciam ser single, se tiver, so 3 msicas fracas, mas que mesmo assim tem qualidade.
Parabns Little Mix, esse lbum s reafirmou que vocs so a melhor girlband da atualidade.",0,3,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOO PISOU NO REFLECTION LIXO, ESSA CRITICA ESTA LOUCA PRA DAR ESSA NOTA, PEGA MEU PAU COM A PORRA DESSA NOTA, DONAS DO UK, DESAFIARAM JESUS E SUA BBLIA E AGORA VAI QUEIMAR NO 5H (INFERNO) ELAS AMADURECERAM MUITO E SE ARRISCARAM SIM FAZENDO UM ALBUM TOTALMENTE DIFERENTE, CADE O 90?  SO TEM HINO",0,6,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Com uma sonoridade mais pop, Little Mix entregou um lbum excelente e mostrou que no ganhou o X-Factor UK atoa. Get Weird  a pea chave que faltava para consagrar o grupo de vez na indstria musical. Daqui pra frente tudo tende s a melhor.",0,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum delas, sem dvidas. Tem msica para agradar todos os gostos, em especial as acapellas que mostram como as gurias tm vocais incrveis que so devidamente aproveitados neste novo lbum. Este  para as pessoas que dizem que elas no inovam, j que elas saram de uma Era (Salute) completamente diferente, mostrando que elas no tem medo de arriscar e que conseguem adaptar qualquer ritmo, de qualquer poca para os tempos atuais, onde h carncia de msica pop de qualidade.",0,2,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"HINRIO MERECIA +70 ACHEI ISSO UMA INJUSTIA, GENTE VAMO DA 10 NESSE USER SCORE PQ NO TA SENDO FACIL E EU GOSTARIA DE DIZER QUE I LOVE YOU DONA DO ALBUM JUNTO COM SECRET LOVE SONG LIGHTNING",0,2,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"Com certeza o melhor lbum de Little Mix...  uma pena que a crtica tenha feito uma anlise to rasa e ignorado as excentricidades do Get Weird.",0,4,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"The songs is so boring, there's nothing new, all the songs is pratically about the same thing, no inovation. There's to much music generic in this album too.",0,2,"May 27, 2016"
7,"Not bad but this album could be better a slight disappointment on previous albums but still much better than their fellow X Factor UK alumni One Direction.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
9,"From funky bops with late 80 's - 90 's vibe but also slow ballads that show off their vocals perfectly. Their newest album is relatable to everyone. With inspiring lyrics of ' I Won't ' and 'Secret Love Song' that will become the newst LGBT's anthem. One of the best girlbands of this decade.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
10,"This is my favorite albuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum. They are my queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeens!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing i love it so much it full of life evry song is  amazing they have work so hard it the best album i every hard .you ned to buy it is so good my Favorite one is love me like you  go and buy they is not a song i dont like",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
10,"Flawless goddessful perfect strong voices have I mentioned GODESSES. Best tracks: Love Me Like You, Hair, OMG, LIghtning, A.D.I.D.A.S., I Won't, Secret Love Song Pt. II, Grown, Weird People and more more moreeeeee",0,0,"Dec 23, 2015"
7,"Get Weird  um lbum mediano. Tem boas msicas, mas muita msica mediana. As garotas tem um timo vocal e o lbum  mais voltado para o pop genrico. Ficou at bom, mas no to bom assim.
Pontos altos: Hair, Grown, Clued Up
Pontos baixos: The End, Secret Love Song, Pt. II, The Beginning",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"the best album of 2015! i wish metacritic would give more points.. so many songs have characters.. lightning is powerful, secret love song is absolutely a love song.. love me or leave me, love me lke you, clued up, the acapellas and others.. thats really good album congrats girls",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
10,"A Little Mix se superou, lanou uma msica melhor que a outra e mostrou que pode fazer coisas melhores a partir desses anos. Little mix carrega um titulo enorme como a maior girlband do ocidente e 'Get Weird'  um album incrivel que vicia e que contem muitas musicas maravilhosas",0,0,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"This is their best album yet, they'd worked hard for this album. They deserve better than 66. This album is masterpiece. I'm not saying the previous album is bad, but Get Weird is the best frpm them. I'm so proud of them",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"Um lbum maravilhoso, muito bem feito.
carregado com letras marcantes, e um tanto de 'jovialidade'. Concluem perfeitamente em todos os quesitos, tanto em letras, como vocais.
Sem dvida o melhor lbum delas, mostrando que para fazer msica com qualidade no  preciso apelao para o lado sexual.
Infelizmente no possuem o sucesso que merecem.
Esse lbum tem uma qualidade assombrosa.
Com certeza essas garotas possuem mais qualidade que umas e outras por a.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A wonderful album, very well done.
It is loaded with striking lyrics, and somewhat of 'youthfulness'. Conclude perfectly in all aspects, both in letters, as vocal.
Without doubt the best album of them, showing that to make music with quality no need to appeal to the sexual side.
Unfortunately they do not have the success they deserve.
This album has a haunting quality.
Surely these girls have more quality than some and others there.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
0,"The album was so boring. All the girls shriek each song out at the same time with no style at all. They should learn from fifth harmony as their music is better by miles.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"favorite little mix album!! personally, the album is a masterpiece, you'll have a lot of fun, dance, sadness, emotion, and more if you listen to it!, you won't regret anything.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
8,"My favorite album from Little Mix. I really like the 80's pop influence. The girls have the personality and vocal talent to take them a lot further than where they are right now. The problem, or course, is Simon Cowell and Syco Music. I don't know how it's been 3 albums already, and they still won't get Little Mix some big name producers. And that's my biggest problem with the album, and all of their previous albums honestly. It's not that the production is bad, but sometimes it just can't support the vocal melodies at all and it leaves you unsatisfied. I'm sure Little Mix will fight for better producers, but if they can't, I guess they'll have to wait until their contract's up.
Favs: I Love You, Love Me or Leave Me, Weird People, Secret Love Song Part II, A.D.I.D.A.S., Black Magic, Love Me Like You, OMG
Least Favs: Secret Love Song (stop ruining good pop songs Derulo)",0,0,"Jul  9, 2016"
0,"Es tpico pop aburrido y proyectado para adolescentes. A medida que avanzas en el disco, cada cancin parece igual que la anterior. Nada recomendable.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
8,"Let me begin by saying that my first exposure to The Neighbourhood was at one of their live performances that I only attended at the request of a friend. The band had such undeniable energy and a great stage presence even in the stuffy venue  I was hooked. I added all of their songs on Spotify and sang along in the shower for months, eagerly awaiting the band's sophomore effort after they dropped their 2014 mixtape.
Upon first listening to the lead single from Wiped Out!, the drumbeat-heavy 'R.I.P. 2 My Youth,' I wasn't all that excited. It didn't have exactly the same melancholy feel as the songs from I Love You., and it seemed just a little too clich a theme. I feared this band was changing for the worse, that their next album was going to be boring. After giving the entirety of Wiped Out! a listen on its release date, I was pretty quickly proven wrong in my assumptions.
I've found that 'A Moment of Silence' is exactly what one needs before being immersed in The Neighbourhood's moody, beach-y sounds: seagull guitars, slow beats, and Jesse Rutherford's occasionally mournful crooning. It's only thirty seconds of silence, and it's also pretty funny.
'Prey' starts out slow, building up in volume and in the amount of instruments involved in the production. The beat is smooth and the lyrics are catchy by the time the chorus hits. It's an emotional, if not slightly puzzling track.
It's followed by 'Cry Baby,' which could, in my opinion, stand alone as a single as well. It's one of the more upbeat tracks, and I find myself replaying it more often than some of the other tracks. The word play throughout the song is simple, but I find it just cute enough to mention.
The titular track 'Wiped Out!' is the second longest track on the album, and for good reason. At first listen, the track drags on with an extended guitar riff after some quick, low lyrics from Rutherford. The guitar sounds like sirens just past the midpoint of the song and by the time it finally fades out, I'd expected the song to end, but it just kept going. Once the literal noise ends, a regular beat and vocals return. The lyrics take a while to fade out near the track's end. I'm unsure if it's a track worthy of the title.
'The Beach' follows, a sad song that includes more of Rutherford's emotional crooning. It portrays a mood I can only describe as relatable, the volume of the vocals rising and falling like waves on a beach throughout the track. This is another song I continue to replay again and again, and I would love to hear live.
The next song is titled 'Daddy Issues,' for those not following along. I didn't expect to take the track all that seriously, but beyond the surface it's a song that's full of the kind of pain that I'm sure many listeners can relate to  to be fair, it's exactly the kind of pain it sounds like it's about. It's a catchy tune as well, though admittedly repetitive. It quickly became my favorite track on the album.
'Baby Came Home 2 / Valentines' is next, a track that follows up on the song 'Baby Came Home' from 'I'm Sorry...' It's the longest track on the album, but unfortunately, I don't feel like it belongs here. It's the one song I want to skip every time I play the album. Like it's predecessor, it belongs on an EP  not on the album. The ambient sounds at the end of the track are nearly exhausting to listen to, and though they do serve to add to the beach vibe, that's not something The Neighbourhood needs at this point. We get it, you're from California.
Speaking of which, 'Greetings from Califournia,' (yes, I see what they did there) is up next. It's an interesting track that is more haunting than the other songs on the album, but almost too difficult to understand with the voice filter over the chorus. It successfully incorporates all of the same elements and instruments the previous tracks have, but at this point, the eighth song, a little change in the sound might help. The moodiness is definitely abundant, but sort of fatiguing by now.
'Ferrari' is an obvious change, just a little too late in the game. Not necessarily a good change either. There's more of an unfamiliar rock vibe in the track, though the vocals are sung in the same, sad tune as always. It's not a track I avoid like the sixth, but it's surely not my favorite.
Another change, acoustically speaking for the most part, is the song 'Single.' This is what the album needed  it feels different, more honest. It's a charming little track that turns into another filter-heavy mess, only to slow down again into something more recognizable.
'R.I.P. 2 My Youth' is the perfect closing track, leaving the listener with a solid beat stuck in their head for a week, and an urge to listen to the album all over again just to understand what they just experienced.
All in all, it's a great album and definitely worth a listen. I'll be nodding my head along to these songs for a long time coming, and I eagerly await more work from these moody Califournians.",5,6,"Nov 10, 2015"
5,"Dreadful album. It's like I Love You 2.0, very monotonous. Nothing changed, this band didn't progress. When I heard the firest single I thought this would be better, but.. no. Sorry.",3,5,"Nov  2, 2015"
10,"See, I don't like even giving things close to me a 10/10 - but honestly I can't hear a flaw in this album.
Production = Solid
Instrumentation = Solid
Band progression = Solid
Solid/Solid",1,2,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"I Love this Record. A Moment Of Silence, that joke that made me laugh for a while. PREY is sooooo PERFECT!!. I don't know better Cry Baby as of this album. Wiped Out! It is perfect with a harmony of fast and slow. The Beach is my infinite obsession. DADDY ISSUES IS SO SICK!. I have no words about Baby Came Home2/Valentines. Greetings from Califournia is too much mesmerizing!. Ferrari has a melody as catchy and sexy, makes you feel like in a video. Single is the perfect song to dedicate. Finally R.I.P. 2 My Youth is the perfect song to say goodbye to I Love You. and Welcome to Wiped Out! Age, HELL YEAH!",2,6,"Oct 30, 2015"
10,"So this is honestly one of my favorite albums from all the time i literally cant
all the songs kill me they're amazing
The 'A Moment of silence' song was something so weird at the start but at the end i loved it
All the songs are honestly AMAZING",2,6,"Nov  1, 2015"
2,"Not a very good album. The Neighbourhood tries to take a confusing route in a new style that I don't understand too well. Jesse Rutherford, the lead vocalist, sounds very dead and a lot less smooth and sexy than 'I Love You' on this album. Excellent production and performance on a Moment of Silence though. ;)",1,5,"Nov  5, 2015"
7,"The album starts in a very good pace  (the hilarious silent joke in 'A Moment Of Silence' gets me everytime). The well developed 'Prey' gets you excited for what's next. The expectations are corresponded as soon as 'Cry Baby' intro starts to play. Catchy chorus, incredible musical arrangements. The brightest moment is the title track 'Wiped Out!', prefectly produced, amazing solo and great potential. But from that moment on is a long way down. It's sounds like another album, with a drastic rhythm change. By 'Ferrari' you feel exhausted. 'R.I.P 2 My Youth', though, makes you believe and expect the next album. Maybe it brings enough maturity for the band to finally decide which path to follow.
While flirting with distinct sounds, The Neighbourhood sadly can't deliver properly any of them.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2016"
4,"I had high hopes for this album, but it's way too generic and it just doesn't have a kick. It's not horrible, but I really can't recommend it to anyone.",5,7,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"O melhor trabalho da banda, o amadurecimento musical  notvel, o lbum  maravilhoso, me identifiquei tanto, as letras so to boas e com uma sonoridade muito gostosa.",9,13,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, feita por pessoas maravilhosas, para pessoas maravilhosas, com msicas maravilhosas. um dos melhores de 2015, com certeza. 5sos merece o mundo",6,9,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"muito bommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm maravilhosooooooooooooooo muito cheirosooooooooooooo melhor albummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm bebesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",6,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"this album is so good, deserve a good grade, i love all the songs especially outer space / carry on which is a song that brings me calm. just don't like fly away but i'll forget this trash",7,12,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"It's a great album, even tough Money, She's Kinda Hot, and Hey Everybody are not as good as the rest of the album, but the songs are really good, they did an excelent job.",4,7,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015 e um dos melhores que eu j ouvi.  perceptvel a evoluo deles de um lbum para o outro,  como se nem fossem os mesmos. As msicas tm letras maravilhosas, instrumentais maravilhoso, vocais maravilhosos...T TUDO TO MARAVILHO, O LBUM T PERFEITO!",8,16,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"timas letras e melodias. Pecaram muito em algumas produes, mas no conjunto est muito bom e as compensam. Qualidade e amadurecimento. Grande lbum, grande banda.",3,6,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"MARAVILHOSO! Eles sempre foram bons, mas nesse lbum se superaram... Pelo amor de Deus, o que foi o HINO Broken Home? Incrvel! Orgulho desses quatro australianos, eles merecem todo o sucesso do mundo! ((eu s observo as revistas pop dando nota baixa e as rock dando nota alta, rindo))",2,4,"Nov  7, 2015"
4,"Generally, the album takes no risks at all.    For my taste, it's not enough.",6,13,"Oct 23, 2015"
3,"5 Seconds of Summer's 'Sounds Good Feels Good' isn't as good as the title says. Right off the bat, these guys are VERY controversial, with accusations of copying My Chemical Romance with 'She's Kinda Hot' and Duran Duran with 'Hey Everybody!', but they have copied way more than just music (look up the 5sos copying things account on Twitter to see a lot of things they copied), but all in all, this is just a really awful, mellowed down blink-182, with the highlight of the album being 'She's Kinda Hot', but even that's awful. If you're looking for a popular band, i'd say, stick with One Direction, or if you're looking for a pop punk band, stick with Green Day or blink-182.",5,11,"Oct 29, 2015"
10,"maravilhosooooo repleto de hinos s resta aceitar, j ouvi umas 303130 vezes e cada vez que escuto tenho mais orgulho dos garotos e percebo o quanto eles amadureceram em comparao ao primeiro lbum",3,7,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"This is so far my favourite album of the year. It's essentially my music taste on one CD, catchy melodies, with a pop punk/ pop rock sound. In comparison to their other album the musical and lyrical content has matured and overall the boys have produced a wicked album.",2,5,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"Album perfeito! Sinto orgulho de ver que eles cresceram e evoluiram imenso. No paro de ouvir, este  para mim o melhor album de 2015. 5sosfam forever.",4,12,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"A great album, you can clearly see how much they have developed and grown since their debut album. It is filled with catchy tunes and powerful lyrics. Congrats for not being afraid of talking about real issues that affect a lot of people, rather than just sing about the boy meets girl sappy love song.",3,9,"Oct 24, 2015"
9,"I think this album is good , one of the best this year . My opinion is completely biased due to my attachment to the pop-punk era of early 00's , the album brings me so much nostalgia , especially 'jet black heart' which is the best song of the album , it reminds me of a blink 182 song . Because they're the only mainstream punk band this days they have a special place in my heart . But regardless of their genre and influences , this album proves how much they grew , they're no more a simple boy band for teenagers but a real band who defies the trend and revives a genre that is supposedly dead , no punk never dies ! The proof is 5SOS . Permanent vacation is so kick ass , it's like a song from the 90's green day . If you want a pop and catchy song , catch fire is definitely for you , it's like a better version of a one direction song . If you want a serious song , we have Broken Home , and the fact that they speak about such serious subject as divorce is the proof of they're maturity , and in such poignant song , one of my favs too. Fly away is so energetic and overwhelming it makes you move everywhere .Outer Space / Carry On is a masterpiece , the perfect love song , and the voice delivery is stuning , especially on the line 'the darkest night never felt so bright with you by my side' , and the second half is so uplifting and is the perfect closer for 'sounds good feels good' . Money is the perfect opener , so uptempo and catchy , as anthemic as 'she's kinda hot' and vapor have a special vibe , a power ballad like no other these days.
The only flaw of the album is the lack of originality , I think that they didn't add something special to the punk movement , just some other catchy songs .And ''Hey everybody' dont deserve to be a single but is energetic and pretty cool i guess, reminds me of their first album , no risks taking here.
Best songs : She's kinda hot , Money , Catch fire , Outer Space / Carry On, Permanent Vacation ,Castaway, Broken Home, Fly Away, Vapor, Safety Pin .
Absolute favorite : Jet Black Heart !!",2,6,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"THIS IS THE ALBUM OF THE MILLENNIUM!!!!!!!!!!!! :) No preciso falar mais nada, esse com certeza  o melhor lbum que j ouvi no ano. Eles amadureceram tanto em to pouco tempo, injustia mesmo  essa nota final. NO ACEITO -80. (Piso no reflection, no que seja uma tarefa muito difcil)",1,3,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"o que esperar de um lbum como esse? exatamente, muita coisa boa, com certeza o melhor lbum deles, o som e as letras esto muito boas, no esperava menos dos reis da fivesos",1,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"El disco posee varios sonidos sin salirse del pop/rock y sin salirse del estilo caracterstico de estos chicos. Letras muy buenas y cada una cargada de sentimientos.",1,3,"Dec  6, 2015"
8,"Sounds Good Feels Good  um timo lbum teen, mostrando o amadurecimento tanto vocal, instrumental e nas letras dos meninos da banda. No  um lbum maravilhoso, mas  um destaque do ano de 2015.
Pontos Altos: Catch Fire, Castaway, Jet Black Heart
Pontos Baixos: Money, Safety Pin, Permanent Vacation",1,3,"Jan 11, 2016"
10,"Best album of 2015 so far and I'm sure it will stay that, at least for me. Lyrics hit home for every young person and maybe even everyone today, sound is amazing like we're used to by 5sos and Outer Space (Carry On) is everything we were hoping for and more (we've heard great things about it from the band members). All in all, this album is absolute pop-rock perfection!",3,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns do ano, sem dvidas. PRNCIPES DO PUNK, CADA VEZ EVOLUINDO MAIS E MAIS. SE FOR COMPARAR O PRIMEIRO EP COM O PRIMEIRO ALBUM E DEPOIS COM O SEGUNDO VOCES VO VER A EVOLUO MONSTRA, REISSSSSSSSSSSSS!",3,11,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"Some people don't know the difference between the COPY and the INSPIRATION. Aside of that, the leader single is just one of the worst choices because it's not that good like the rest of the album. The album amazing, the maturation is clearly notable in most of the lyrics. Best songs: Permanent Vacation, Catch Fire, Castaway, Airplanes. Worst songs: Money and She's Kinda Hot.",2,13,"Oct 30, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER  These boys worked so hard to get to way they are, they are SO stressed out during tour but they still do it for the fans! That's how you know they love us",1,10,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"5 Seconds of Summer's sophomore album does not disappoint. Live guitar, killer vocals, and relatable lyrics, they delivered everything that can be expected of such a young band. Despite the fact that their audience is primarily young girls, there are songs on this album that everyone can relate to. Whether it's 'Broken Home' which is about having divorced parents, or 'Jet Black Heart' which explains the feeling of finding someone who just gets you, there is a song for everyone.  It is clear that the band put a lot of work into this album and didn't hold back. They wrote songs that they genuinely believed in, rather than their first album, where their main concern was getting on the radio.",0,1,"Feb  7, 2016"
9,"Un lbum diferente, pero en buen sentido, tiene letras para cada estado de animo, y ritmos que te hacen perderte por unos momentos, sin duda de los mejores del ao 2015.",0,1,"Mar 12, 2016"
8,"Podemos ver claramente o amadurecimento da banda s nos primeiros riffs, album bem mais rock, trazendo mais pop punk, mas com muito power pop e pop rock tambm, mas ainda tem o que melhorar, sinto que a banda no chegou onde queria ainda. Esse album tem seus altos e baixos, como as incrveis 'Permanente Vacation', 'Jet Black Heart', 'Broken Home', entre outras, mas ainda tem umas que deixa a desejar como 'Catch Fire' e 'Waste The Night'. Nesse disco eles trazem muito mais influncias do pop punk dos anos 2000, um dos 10 melhores de 2015.",0,1,"May  8, 2016"
10,"From summer hit She's Kinda Hot to emotional 'I'm leaving,' song Airplanes to 2000s inspired song Hey Everybody, this album is the type of album that make teenage girls adore pop-punk bands again and rising to the likes of One Direction and Justin Bieber making them celebrities.",0,1,"May 31, 2016"
10,"Un lbum diferente al primero (5 seconds of summer) tiene letras para cada estado de animo, y ritmos que te hacen perderte por unos momentos, sin duda de los mejores del ao 2015",0,0,"Aug 13, 2016"
10,"WOW! Demi killed with this album. it's so powerful, strong and funny and I really liked.All the songs have  coherence, a concept and the lyrics are incredible. I believe that Demi really changed for the best.",85,103,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album has destroyed everything, Demi is showing his true personality, ready to do anything for a Grammy, and she'll get, perfect album, divine vocals! I am in love!",30,37,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!!! Demi seriously delivered! Her vocals are so on point, and there's not one bad song on it. Confident will take you through an emotional rollercoaster of anger, sadness, CONFIDENCE, and on and on. You can really tell that Demi is NOT playing around with this era!! I'm so proud of her!!",14,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"confident is absolutely incredible. demi's vocals are flawless and there is so much emotion in lionheart, stone cold and father. stars, old ways and cool for the summer are songs to dance too and even old ways has a deeper meaning. confident is an empowering anthem with incredible high notes at the end. for you really displays demi's vocals. overall, this album is the best pop album of 2015.",14,17,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Impeccable. Wonderful vocals and a misture of rhythms. The album of Demi. And best of year so far. Lovato shows trmendous energy that is contagious. Congratulations!",9,11,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The album is opened by a strong track that is Confident but after that we can see and hear many others stronger tracks. Demi is really concetrated in this record with very motivation, the lyrics are amazing and so beautiful, the vocals are awesome and with sure it is one of the best demi's albums so far.",13,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"o album ta pft, tenho nojo desses pantenefans lixinhos que estao dando notas ruins, nao importa o quanto vocs critiquem, sua fave nunca ser melhor, n  fazendo isso q o album da sua fave vai ser melhor",13,16,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I actually really enjoyed this album. There are some songs that u can really just let loose to and then there's some emotional tracks. Great vary of emotions throughout the songs",12,15,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"uma grande evoluo, o lbum se mantm coerente mesmo com sua diversidade de sonoridades, vocais fortes, letras bem trabalhadas,  melhor trabalho dela at agora",12,15,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The purpose of Demi with Confident was to make a different album from their previous, and in fact managed the difference with their last studio album 'DEMI' is obvious. Demi faces a sexier stage with 'Cool for the Summer', the song she explores more high and low ranges without losing the rhythm of the music. The best songs are 'Father', 'For You', 'Wildfire', 'Old Ways', 'Confident' and 'Kingdom Come'.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"uma msica melhor que a outra, vocais maravilhosos.... Melhor album da carreira e um dos melhores do ano pra mim. Pisoooooooooou
''''''''''''''''''''",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"CONFIDENT is Demi's best album by far. She shows her vocals and talent as she always does. This is a Grammy worthy and future oscar winning masterpiece that everyone should buy. You won't regret it! It's so much better than Selena Gomez's last album where all you can find is auto tuned songs.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, amazing vocal! Gostei muito mesmo desse novo album dela. Ficou muito top! As msicas Fathers, Lionheart, Kingdom Come e Wildfire so as melhores.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum ficou incrvel. Stone Cold, Kingdom Come, Wildfire, vocs precisam ouvir isso! Realmente a Demi mudou muito, sua sonoridade est bem mais 'limpa' e 'animada'.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"A perfect album for a perfect year, 2015 is yours, Demi. All the songs, the beats, the high notes (incredibly strong), the sonority, lyrics, everything is perfect and we couldn't be more proud of her. Congrats, listening all day long.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato deu uma grande evoluao com esse album,parabns!
o album contem musicas danantes,e musicas calmas,todas com otimos vocais e hight notes",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album dela sem dvidas, tem tudo pra ser um sucesso!! Demi est madura e confiante e isso pode ser visto claramente em suas novas msicas!!!!!!!",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum da Demi de longe, me surpreendeu de uma forma que s vendo. Uma msica melhor que a outra! Nunca me empolguei tanto pra comprar um lbum como esse o/ E esses vocais esto maravilhosos, deus me livre.",8,10,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"TIRO, TIRO PARA TODO LADO, MUITO TIRO, FUI AT ATINGIDO, MELHOR LBUM, ATRS APENAS DO EMOTION! Que ela faa boas escolhas de singles, e no desperdice nenhuma musica boa, ou seja o lbum todo.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse quinto album dela est perfeito! Demi est cada vez mais confiante e segura de seu talento, isso  maravilhoso! Ela  uma cantora maravilhosa e esse novo album promete vir com vrios hits! Letras fortes e batidas que ficam na mente. PERFEITO!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of Demi Lovato career since her 'Unbroken' album, songs with unique melodies and well-made and well-crafted lyrics.
Certainly deserves a 10!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Simplesmente incrvel, sem sombra de dvidas um dos melhores trabalhos da Demi. Cada msica desse album te traz uma emoo diferente, certa hora d vontade de danar, j na outra de chorar e a msica te toca profundamente. Merece muito sucesso esse album maravilhoso.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato's latest album is exactly what the pop music industry needs right now. The right amount of dancing strong beats with some emotional ballads. The music is on top, being maybe one of Demi's best works along with 'Unbroken'. The only thing to expect now is that shallow feuds between fans doesn't undermine her great work.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um lbum super fantstico feito com tanta paixo por uma pessoa. Amei todos os conceitos que ela usou nesse lbum. Voc arrasou Demi fiquei muito orgulhoso de voc.  a parceria com a Iggy Azalea mais que perfeito transforma em single nunca te pedi nada. Voc me fez ficar CONFIANTE tambm.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I really love this album! Normally I don't like all the songs from Demis albums. There was always at least one that I didn't like. But this time? Every song is so good",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi tem um amadurecimento incrvel nesse lbum, com um alcano vocal maravilhoso, com msicas lindas e muito bem escritas, o lbum est fabuloso, no paro de ouvir 1 minuto, que trabalho esplendido.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"lbum perfecto para el verano,invierno,otoo.... Es un lbum sper completo tiene canciones sexys y otras con las que deseas llorar Yes,Father,Lionheart,Stone Cold son las canciones con las que a Demi podra tener su primer Grammy.Confident es una propuesta muy atrevida ya que rene tanta calidad que es casi seguro que no obtendr el xito que merece,este lbum tienen todos que escucharlo de inicio a fin.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album pop do ano, esse album nos faz sentir uma exploso de sentimentos, Danar, chorar, rir, pular e conseguiu fazer todo mundo se sentir realmente CONFIANTE
#CONFIDENT",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Is disc is great, great songs such as 'Stone Cold' and 'Father', fantastic rhythms; no doubt this is the best album of his career after 'Here We Go Again' and 'Don't Forget'",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Im so Proud, our little girl grew up too fast.
YOU REALLY KILLED IT ALL, ROCK IT GIRL SHOW YOU POWER, SHOW YOUR VOICE TO THE WORLD,  SHOW HOW MUCH YOU ARE ABLE",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"queridos selenators no adianta colocar negative, isso no vai mudar o fato de que a Demi lacrou na fave de vocs, a bicha sambou de salto 15 e Revival no chega aos ps de Confident, vr",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This was a amazing record by Demi Lovato. Your vocals was amazing and she really gaves her spirit for this Album. Wildfire, Kigndom Come and Lionheart are so much flawess. The girl can sing!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Apenas observo o desespero desses dando 0 e comentando merda, voc que faz isso pode ficar a vontade, o user score nao afeta o META SCORE EM NADA, no entendo o poque de toda essa infantilidade, desespero tour?",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um timo lbum,msicas danantes e ritmadas e Kingdom Come,esse sim tem timo jeito de fazer sucesso. Msicas com sonoridades diferentes e as que emocionam esto em Father,Yes e LionHeart. Demi se superou. Espero que v bem em questo de charts,na verdade est indo bem!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"'Confident' is amazing it really showcases Demi's vocals and is her best job yet! All of the songs on the album were phenomenal and this album is way better than Selena Gomez's 'Revival' . It is a piece of art and she deserves a grammy for the whole album. From fun pop songs to powerful ballads she had them all!",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum,  definitivamente, o melhor da carreira da Demi (at agora). Esse lbum consegue te fazer se sentir confiante, e sexy com Confident e Cool for the Summer, e ao mesmo tempo te motiva a danar. Old Ways maravilhosamente mostra que o amadurecimento s tem aumentado :). For You foi uma msica que eu substimei muito durante as prvias, mas quando liberou a verso completa.. totalmente incrvel. Os featurings ficaram incrveis, muito bem colocados, Iggy deu um show nos versos dela e Sirah tambm. Wildfire, esta msica  maravilhosa, completamente incrvel. Lionheart, que msica linda, Demi sempre mostrando sua competncia em composies, arranjos e etc, emocionante :'). Yes  uma msica perfeita, imagino num casamento, incrvel *-* Father, quantas lgrimas :'(",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi FINALLY delivered with this amazing record. Every song is different, her voice is FLAWLESS and the lyrics are amazing. Bought 3 copies. I'm BALD.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato's best album so far. Vocals very poweful, production very good, lyrics incredible awesome. She's more mature and better than before. I believe that is the best pop album of the year.",4,5,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Hinrio, a Demi se superou nesse lbum com essas msicas perfeitas e maravilhosas, as melhores do lbum com certeza  Old Ways, Yes, Wildfire(que agudo foi aquele mulher?),  Kingdom Come e Waitin for you e todas as outras, esse  aquele lbum que no vou pular nenhuma msica no Spotify, vem segundo 1kk da carreira! #AvanteConfident",11,14,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"timo lbum sucessor do Unbroken sim , ela sempre se inova a cada lbum s falta saber escolher certo os singles pq esse lbum tem tantos hinos q podia ser lbum visual",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Ok, it was the world best experience listening to this album. I'm so proud of Demi finally meet like artist and an do something mature. I think it's one of the best teen albums, and maybe one of the best pop albums of the year.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Eu adorei esse lbum, os vocais dela esto fantsticos sem contar as msicas que so fantsticas, Demi que antes era uma garotinha da Disney demonstrou que evolui e agora  uma grande mulher. Parabns Pra Ela e que os prximos lbuns ela continue assim.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Best album, seriously, this album is magnificent, Demi is very talented, let me caida mouth, Confident is one of the best albums of the year, for sure!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"In this Album Demi Gave it all. SHe shows That's she inst playing around.This album very cohesive they're so many different styles of each songs that all shows what a Vocalist she is. To be Honest this the best album she has created. like every songs there is none that i can't hate they are so good and every time i listen to the album it gives chills.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"YAS DEMI!! This is an amazing pop album.. EVERY music is MAGIC (spotlight for ''Old Ways'', ''Father'', ''For You'', ''Wildfire'', ''Lionheart'', ''Kingdom Come'' and ''Yes'')!!! Absolutely the album of the year :)",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is a very good album, innovative and great music. Demi Lovato really outdone themselves with this album, already knew it was going to be good, most do not imagine it would be perfect.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi showed her sexier side and surprised us with its beautiful mature voice. Congratulations to Demi Lovato for their great job and also the best of his career so far. Good job",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"AMAZINGGGGGGGG AND PERFECT!
THE QUEEN RAZED!
For sure, the best album of Demi
She's just improving every day. Every song on this album is better than the other, I am encantada!
Demi you are more than amazing, kisses!!!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi is wonderful, she showed incredible maturity compared to his last album. She killed. The songs 'Father' and 'Stone Cold' in my opinion are the best to feel his vocals and feelings, and it's amazing to hear this kind of work. I love it.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing, Kingdom Come is great song, Lion Heart too
I love alllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um lbum de amadurecimento, com vocais e batidas leves e ousadas, um dos melhores lbuns lanado em 2015 e o melhor lbum da carreira dela, ela merece tudo isso",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Confident marca uma nova fase na vida e carreira de Demi Lovato.
Cumpriu o que promoveu durante toda divulgao do seu hit-explosivo 'Cool For the Summer': amadurecimento e superficialidade. Este ltimo, Lovato mostra que no  preciso ser 'deprimente' para ter um lbum bom e consistente.
Boas letras, boas produes e vocais poderosos. Este  Confident, o incrvel novo lbum de Demi Lovato.
Para todos aqueles [no alienados] fs de msica pop, vale a pena ouvir e ver o amadurecimento musical da cantora!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This has been the best album written since DEMI. All of these songs are so powerful and can be related to on so mant level. Continue to slay queen Demetria!",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"CONFIDENT is killing the fandom! SO INCREDIBLE! I'm in love with this album! All songs are strong and show to us a new way to see Demi and your work. I'm very excited for the next projects, because i hope that she just grow up after this SAMBA! I'm MORTO",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Em 'Confident', Demi faz um timo trabalho, criando um lbum coeso e que fica melhor a cada ouvida. O amadurecimento vocal  evidente em todas faixas, desde a emocionante 'Father' at a animada 'Mr. Hughes'. Lovato mostra tambm ser ecltica, ao passear em diversos estilos e se sair bem em todos eles. Neste novo disco, Demi deixa de vez a imagem de vtima e mostra atravs da msica sua nova persoanldade. Alm dos singles Cool for the Summer e Confident, destaques para Old Ways, Kingdom Come, Lionheart e Mr. Hughes.",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"O melhor lbum do ano, sem duvidas! merece grammy  maravilhoso, Demi est bem mais madura e esta muito melhor do que os outros lbuns dela no vejo a hora de poder comprar",7,9,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"BEST ALBUM OF HER! Ballads on point and amazing vocals. For me the whole album should be single with performances on TV cause this is so **** good! She get so much mature with songs like wildfire, father, lionheart and kingdom come and also make us dance till the floor with anothers songs! Congrats, Demi.",10,13,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Powerful voice certainly is synonymous with Demi Lovato, songs with lyrics very well crafted, consistent instrumental, variety of musical genre showing once again that she is a singer, to any genre, I can not stop listening ... surely is the best album of his career",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato finalmente acertou na consistncia de POP que mais lhe cabe. Depois de um som um tanto confuso em Unbroken entre  contrastes de acertos e erros gritantes , um pop genrico/chiclete  que mais fracassou que funcionou em DEMI, a ex Disney girl consegue nos trazer um POP maduro e de qualidade nesse novo marco de sua carreira. Lovato no perde sua essncia, mas corre do pblico teen nesse novo registro. Confident pode ser apelidado como 'o melhor trabalho de Demi Lovato como artista pop'.
O lbum comea com Confident, uma produo de Martin Max que funciona como um depoimento de Demi sobre sua nova verso, sua verso confiante. A msica segue a linha de Problem da Ariana Grande no refro, e  obviamente criada para ser comercial. No  uma grande msica, mas o instrumental e os vocais de Lovato, juntamente com o quo chiclete , nos deixam grudados na msica por algum tempo. O problema  que cedo ou tarde o chiclete sempre  cuspido de nossas bocas, e com Confident no  diferente. A msica se torna enjoativa aps um curto perodo de tempo.
Coisa que no acontece com Cool For The Summer, que  um dos grandes acertos pop do lbum. Uma letra sugestiva, uma produo sofisticada e nada clich, mas que ao mesmo tempo se enquadra num pop tradicional, com os vocais um tanto minimizados. Esse  o lead single do lbum, que no fez feio nas paradas e nem nos nossos ouvidos. Longe de ser chiclete, a msica ainda vicia como um, mas soa mais como uma droga ilcita, pois no conseguimos nos libertar por um bom tempo.
At que na terceira faixa Demi nos d Old Ways, que  sobre no voltar aos seus antigos vcios, no cair em tentao. A faixa tem uma produo pesada e muito bem colocada, e no peca em nenhum aspecto. Demi Lovato at abre espao para os artifcios dos produtores brincarem sozinhos durante alguns segundos, coisa que no vamos muito em seus outros trabalhos. Continuando, temos a madura For You, uma cano de tempo mdio, que nos faz lembrar Lady Gaga em alguns momentos do refro. Demi usa seus pulmes de forma intensa, trazendo  msica um sentimento extra, o que j faz parte do repertrio de Lovato. Stone Cold  uma balada, mas no tpica da cantora de Skyscraper, ela se mostra vulnervel, mas no nua, seus vocais entram pelos nossos ouvidos e caem sobre nossos coraes, tal qual Adele faz muito bem e Demi seguiu seus passos com sucesso. Stone Cold  sobre ela se conformar em no ser a mulher que far seu amado feliz, e assim, fica feliz por ele, deixando-o ir sem ressentimentos. Uma faixa madura, que faz com que tenhamos dificuldade em acreditar que  cantada pela mesma intrprete de Really Don't Care.
O lbum apresenta sua primeira colaborao em Kingdom Come, com Iggy Azalea. A msica lembra Black Widow em alguns momentos, mas claramente proposital, at porqu temos tambm Iggy, a estrela das duas msicas. Com cargas de edio ainda mais pesadas que Old Ways, Kingdom come comea sem uma introduo e termina com seu refro ecoando em nossas cabeas e suplicando por mais, aps os versos de Azalea, que no fez feio e permaneceu na faixa por um tempo generoso, em relao  outras parcerias de Lovato. Waiting for you, com Sirah  um dos grandes pontos altos do lbum, com um tom mais urban e a letra afiada. Wildfire desacelera tudo quase se tornando montona, mas isso no acontece. A letra sexy nos deixa acordados com os olhos arregalados todo o tempo, enquanto Lovato s usa toda sua potncia nos ltimos refres, deixando o resto da faixa mais suave. Lionheart parece uma tpica msica de Sia. Do ttulo aos vocais.  uma faixa emocional, uma balada com produo leve e um tempo mdio-lento.Outro grande acerto. Yes funcionaria melhor como faixa Bnus, e poderia trocar de lugar com Mr. Hughes que entra no top 5 das melhores msicas do lbum.  Ela parece toda ser feita de refro e pontes, mas no h versos de introduo. Soa como uma composio inacabada, e mesmo sendo o ponto mais baixo do lbum, ainda assim nos prende no refro, que  sobre devoo ao seu amor e dizer sim ao mesmo. Father, pra fechar o lbum, desacelera e mostra uma Demi jogada no gospel, com corais pomposos no final. A mesma pompa da introduo de Confident. Uma balada muito pessoal e ntima, uma carta aberta ao seu pai. Fica atrs de Stone Cold como melhor balada do lbum, mas entra para as melhores de Lovato.
Confident  o que Demi precisa nesse momento. Um lbum pop consistente, com a ateno e o perfeccionismo aplicados em todas as faixas e no s nos singles. O prximo passo aps esse acerto triunfal  lanar uma verso maior, com, talvez, 20 faixas com uma qualidade melhor ou igual a de seu atual lbum. Isso a consolidar e Demetria comear finalmente a ser levada a srio na indstria musical.",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira. Evoluiu imensamente, diferente de tudo que j fez, no tem uma musica ruim!!! Vocais destruidoressss :D esta impecvel, choro horrores com father...",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015, com certeza!!!! Vocais maravilhosos, msicas maravilhosas! AMEI TUDO RAINHA DO MUNDO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"That's a great album! Demi shows again her beautiful voice and technique! I also love how she mixes great pop-catchy songs, like Cool For The Summer and Kingdom Come (for me, one of the big surprises on the album) with powerful and emotional ballads like Stone Cold and Father! I definitely don't regret buying it, one of the best albums of the year!",9,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi mostrou com toda sua fora o talento que tem. Gostei de ver a Critica especializada reconhecendo isso. Parabns e obrigado por esse lbum maravilhoso.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"YAY! It is noticeable that there is a noticeable trend in that album. The whole construction lyrical, instrumental or vocal is perfectly felt in each displayed strip, which differentiate into each melody and becomes a material addictive and interesting to listen to and appreciate the musical evolution of its predecessors. With certainty, the Best Album of Demi.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I loved this album, best of demi and one of the best of the year I think it was one of Demi output port teen phase, Demi is very talented, his album is wonderful, I am proud of it!",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The Best Album Of The Year :)
Queen Demi
I love you so much
Este lbum merece ms de un Grammy, es increble e innovador su calidad vocal y sus diferentes gneros, lo amo",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The album is perfect, so strong, so powerful and beautiful at the same time. Demi really changed and it's for the best.
Certainly is the best pop album of the year.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato has matured a lot in this his fifth album 'Confident' she has shown his great power as a singer. This album is totally fun with rough songs to gospel, he has invested heavily in its vocal with bass and treble.More he explored his vocal faendo softer voice in some songs also the letter of the songs and their sound're wonderful. of course not everything is a charm had its cons, but are not entirely relevant to the situation.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"timas composies, voz impecvel, msicas com uma melodia chiclete que fazem voc querer danar, em Kingdom Come tudo que voc pode fazer  cantar junto por que a msica est incrivel",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"While I still hope for a more soulful and organic album in the future, 'Confident' achieves what it was meant to do: showcase Lovato's improved vocals and deliver an impressive tracklist of both emotional ballads and catchy anthems that exude her new found confidence. Definitely her best album and highly recommendable! Stone Cold is Grammy-worthy...",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"It's amazing this album, Demi's maturity is evident in the tracks ''Stone Cold''', ''Father'' and ''Lionheart''. A great future for pop music, this album proved that.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I loved the album, musicas lindas, animadas e de todo o tipo... esse ano Demi surpreendeu, songs great haha ! Demetria always rocking! I loved the songs.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album the best of the year!, Demi  lovato you are incredible, Perfect rhythms, lyrics perfect, perfect voice, many reinvention at such a young artist like her, no more nothing to say LOVATO DEMI YOU ARE THE BEST",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Melhor album da carreira da Demi!!!! Os vocais esto melhor que tudo!!!! est tudo diferente o que ela j fez em sua carreira,realmente a voz dela est impressionante e a mensagem q ela passa tambm.",6,8,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album, her best actually ... Amazing Vocals, Amazing Production, Amazing Lyrics. the  versatility on each song, the powerful ballads... everything about this album is almost perfect",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um hinrio mesmo, os selenators no aceitam a supremacia da rainha e criticam, s lamento. Demi arrasou com as notas, mostrou uma nova verso dela",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Album surpreendente. Demi finalmente conseguiu se livrar dos esteritipos da disney e da fase teen. Amadureceu musicalmente e mostrou para o que veio. Com batidas originais como se pode ver em Kingdom Come, Old Ways e Waitin For You, ela explora mais a sua voz, assim como na sexy e viciante Wildfire. Com letras maduras e mais trabalhadas ela mostra todo o seu potencial nesse novo cd, como podemos ver em Stone Cold, Father e Lionheart. Alm de ter maravilhosas baladinhas como Yes e Mr. Hughes. Confident  no somente o melhor album de Lovato, como tambem o melhor album do ano!",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Esses selenators amam passa vergonha o povo nojento , claro n e todos so o povinho que ta vindo aqui comenta merda e ainda da vermelho , vai achando que isso vai mudar algo ..",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"What to say about this album? It is extremely addictive! All tracks are wonderful and very good participation. Surely +1 album in my playlist as usual, always Demi. #LovaticEver",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,";;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;8888888g8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkfggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg pisa mais",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi realmente se superou no seu novo lbum, trazendo um novo som e letras timas. S tenho que dar meus parabns, Demi realmente  a melhor, melhor ERA de sua carreira, um lbum maduro.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The Title Track, Confident, says it all. Demi Lovato is back, and she brought it all to the table. The Title track itself reals you in with the loud trumpets, and the amazing bass brought all together with powerful vocals from Miss Lovato herself. The entire album as a whole flows well together, the hardcore beats (Cool for the Summer, Kingdom Come, Old Ways, etc) get you excited. Lovato also doesn't cut back on the ballads, which are a strong point here on this album although there is only two, her powerful, raw and emotional voice bring the entire message of those ballads close to home. The whole album sends a message to those who aren't confident but should be. Demi Lovato has finally outdone herself, her best album since 2011's Platinum Selling Album, Unbroken (with the Top Ten Hit 'Skyscraper' and the Top Twenty Hit, 'Give Your Heart A Break' which broke a record for fastest/longest #1 on the Pop Hot 100 Charts by the youngest female ever.) This album goes off what Unbroken was going towards, what DEMI failed to do, and she finally made it to the Demi that deserves to be recognized everywhere.  'Confident' is a pop masterpiece, brought together with amazing song writing, high class production and a message that can never get stressed enough. Do yourself a favor, and go buy this album.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Great album! Her vocals are perfect, the lyrics are amazing! She's using her strong parts and making it even stronger, so as ver sexy and powerful voice. In my opinion, Confident is the best pop album of the year and definitely of her career",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demisus trouxe o melhor de si com esse trabalho incrvel, s tenho a dar elogios para o lbum que podemos chamar de dono da discografia. No esperaria menos da rainha do pop!",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"WOW! Demi killed with this album. it's so powerful, strong and funny and I really liked.All the songs have coherence, a concept and the lyrics are incredible. I believe that Demi really changed for the best.",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"demi rock's in this album, the best album of her, demi killed with this album and show how she can't sing, so powerful and strong. BEST ALBUM POP OF 2015 (until now)",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"this album, without any doubt, was the second best album of Demi full of hymnals, I love strong, could not be another note beyond 10, certainly Demi was inspired enough to do it, Demi sambou in the face who doubted her talent and sambou also the haters, the Lovatics the heart of Brazil loved this album, but I do not know what to say, just feel, this album on a scale from 0 to 10 is 11",3,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Mesmo sendo selenator amei o lbum, uma das minhas favoritas  Wildfire e Kingdom Come, ela merece todo o reconhecimento do mundo, os vocais esto perfeitos e tudo mais, espero que meu fandom tambm aceite a supremacia.",3,4,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Queeeeen, i'm so proud of her, Confident is her best album, she worked her ass off and now deserves everything, everything she went throught and now to see she has de conficence to make such a masterpiece like this album, PROUD.",8,11,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi fez um lbum impressionante e inovador, mostrou que sussurros no superam potncias vocais e pisou na vagabunda lazarenta da falselena gomez escorada na taylor swift",5,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Undoubtedly shows the maturity of a singer, entered on his album many different styles without losing the essence, really the best album of Demi Lovato's career and one of the best of 2015 .",9,13,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"DEMI'S BEST ALBUM TO DATE. I really loved all songs in here and wow, Demi's voice makes me happy. My favorite songs are 'Wildfire' 'Father' 'Stars', well, all songs are nice. I love her new style. Well done Demi :)",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"ALBUM OF THE YEAR!! No song is alike, very well made, very well produced, very well written, Very well executed. This is the best pop record of this year hands down",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is definitly one of the best albums of the year ! Her voice is so georgeous in this album and she mixed ballad songs with extra pop songs... Her voice is just amazing !",8,12,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"This is a great, if not perfect, album by a talented artist who is beginning to show signs of versatility. I would do aways with some tracks (such as the Sirah-assisted 'Waitin For You') and other tracks could use less processing, but otherwise, this is a solid album. Highlights include the title track, first single 'Cool for the Summer,' 'Wildfire,' and 'Father.'",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Fechou o tempo mesmo viu, querida? Arrasou nos falsetes e colocou no cho todo mundo que subestimou a sua capacidade. At eu tombei com esse lbum maravilhoso. Ainda nem acredito que voc tenha feito algo to bom quanto o HWGA.",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I'm Selenator and Lovatic,I think Selenators should stop being so hater. I know Selena,she's a wonderful person,I'm sure she won't like at all Selenators talking bad things about her best friend. CONFIDENT was a incredible album and Demi putted so much energy,GREAT JOB!",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"to triste entrar nesse site e ver pessoas destruindo um lbum to bom. Eu me pergunto se elas realmente no gostaram dele ou se  s mais uma distribuio de dio e preconceito musical. Com certeza  um dos melhores lbuns pop lanados esse ano, e eu estou muito orgulhoso dessa grande mudana. GO LOVATO GO!!!",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Flawless masterpiece, the queen of pop has delivered yet again, can't say i'm surprised though! I am so proud of my Lord and Saviour Demisus Lovato Christ.",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Segura o lacre da rainha ksjdkalkjdhkdjfhdsdsjkf  melhor album socorro jksahdkjasdhajksdajkdahkajdfdasjkhdkddfkjhdfkdfjahkasjhaskbmnasbfmnasgjhfhkahjfdjs",4,6,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The track list for the Deluxe Edition of Revolve was arranged well. The first track of Revolve, self titled and narrated by Idris Elba. Idris gives a really strong voice in narrating especially that 'we are strrronng' phrase. I like how they transition to the next song All My Heart. John then comes in with that strong voice to show he still has it in him. The song produced and written alone by Newman was a strong kick starter. Next song to Something Special. And it really is something special when John gets a group of gospel singers to help him. He uses them in several other songs later. Can we feel it with the lights down? He sure can't in the next song Lights Down, it starts of with a similar tone to a Daft Punk song. Then the catchy 'Come and Get It' track. And the mainstream EDM track by Calvin Harris and John, Blame plays off after 'Come and Get It'. After that it goes to  Never Give It Up. A groovy song. Lyrically good for me as it relates to me a lot. Tiring Game comes next with those gospel singers again. With the help of Charlie Wilson too of course. Next track is Give You My Love. This one also had gospel singers. I like the irony of how he wants to give 'you' his love, and then the next track he says that he isn't your man in 'I'm Not Your Man'. One of two ballads of Revolve. The next track seems to be about marriage? Its named 'Called It Off' and the lyrics seem to touch on that topic. Next, Killing Me. Lyrics is about a girl playing games with John and he is dying to stop playing, as if it is Killing him. One of deluxe tracks then plays, The Past. The 2nd ballad of Revolve. It is about John reminiscing his past with his ex. One of my favorite tracks on Revolve. The final track is 'We All Get Lonely'. The only song I like the least. Almost 80% Gospel. Gospel style isn't really my thing. But its just one track off 14 total. So it doesn't matter much. This album overall displays John's power in writing, singing and producing. He definitely revolved. Revolve is one of those albums much worth the money.",1,3,"Oct 25, 2015"
10,"This album is really amazing. The best songs are 'Revival', 'Rise', 'Hands To Myself', 'Good For You', 'Me & The Rhythm', 'Kill Em With Kindness' and 'Camouflage'. Slay Selena!",71,90,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"This perfect album, loved selena you are to be congratulated. Each soft music to listen to, some dancing music, some songs touching the heart. Great composition, production.",7,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Selena is being sexy without being vulgar in this new album. It shows that she really grows up, and this work will take a turn in her career . One of the best albums of 2015.",7,7,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"With Kill Em With Kindness, Hands to Myself, Sober and Perfect, Revival can be my favorite Selena's album. The lyrics and her feelings are so real, I think people will love it. She deserves the best, because it's her in this album, it's her moment. She's free, confident and strong. She finally knows who she is, and the album tell what she was afraid to say.",7,7,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Selena is amazing I love this album so much revival the best pop album of 2015!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",7,7,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"*REVIVAL es un excelente lbum que muestra a una Selena Gomez mas madura y vulnerable hacia la msica pop y a otros gneros demostrando fortaleza y superacin hacia las criticas que recibi mostrando que ante las peores situaciones es mejor levantarse y mantenerse arriba..!!
*REVIVAL is an excellent album that shows a Selena Gomez more mature and vulnerable to pop music and other genres to demonstrate strength and overcoming the criticism he received showing that in the worst situations is better to get up and stay up .. !!",6,6,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Selena managed to bring a really solid album. I wouldn't say Selena got out of her comfort zone, because half of the record is produced by her longtime partners Rock Mafia and Stargate, the latter being the producers of her biggest success back in Hollywood Records 'Come & Get It'.
She's credited in the composition of 11 tracks, what's a total new ground for her, I'd say. The lyrics are really good, as well as the productions. 'Good For You', 'Kill Em With Kindness', 'Hands to Myself' and 'Perfect' are the tracks to look up in this record.",6,6,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"This album is so unique (in an extremely good way) from anything released this decade! The lyrics are so meaningful and the melodies are so beautiful.I actually enjoy Selena's voice so much it's actually addictive because its so calming and soothing, something different than the usual screams that pop artists are doing now. Selena has definitely proved herself as a musician and deserves all the credit that she is receiving. REVIVAL is definitely Grammy worthy.",6,6,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Holy album. Selegend has blessed my ears with her sexy vocals. Thank you Selena Marie Gomez. Also, remember to buy this album on iTunes. Totally worth it. .",6,6,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"This album is truly amazing.It helped me a lot and it looks like Selena has matured a lot.As a person with self-esteem problems i found the songs very helpful.This is art,you take some songs and you put them together and you create art. I am so grateful that this album exists. Definitely the best album of this year.I hope it gets more recognition from people and not just shut it out because it's Selena Gomez.",6,6,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Perfect. A masterpiece, Selena innovated without fear and it worked. Her vocals are clearly better and the album contains a lot of hits. Revival is undoubtedly the best album 2015 album.",6,6,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Rainha amadureceu com esse lbum maravilhoso, que traz emoes de vrios tipos, outras esto tentando ser sexys compondo sobre relao lsbica e com mai to apertado que deixa uma pata de camelo no meio das pernas...",5,5,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez surpassed herself, she gave the most heartfelt and nostalgic album of his career, I have no words to describe how wonderful it is to hear Kill Em With Kindness, Hands to Myself and Survivors! JUST AMAZING!!!",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
7,"Best Selena Gomez album, although most songs are monotone. The best track is Nobody and the worst is Me & my girls. I was expecting less from her. Am I the only one that hears Charli XCX on Same old Love?",4,4,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Good for we... Perfect! Best album of the 2015. Melhor lbum de 2015. Sambou, tombou!
//////////////////////",4,4,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of Selena, remembering that she wrote 11 of the 16 songs from the album. Deserves a good score on Metacritic.Congratulations Selena, I love you",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"MELHOR ALBUM DA CARREIRA DESSA CABEUDA melor q qualquer coisa produzida por aquele canal disney na sua gerao  selena gomez humilde linda e rainha das empreguetes vulgo **** Cyrus e Bolo Lovato",4,4,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Este album es una joya del pop, Slaylena is Back! Canciones como Camouflage, Rise, Sorbe, Perfect y Nobody te hacen dar cuenta de la calidad con la que se produjo este maravilloso album y del mayor rendimiento vocal por parte de Queen Gomez :*",4,4,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"No tem uma msica ruim, sequer 'morna', desde a balada com base de piano 'Camouflage', at as provocativas 'Me & My Girls' e 'Body Heat'. A identidade dela est presente em cada verso, cada batida. Simplesmente maravilhoso. No consigo listar minhas favoritas, todas so incrveis.",4,4,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"lbum incrvel, o vocal da Selena melhorou muito, msicas maduras, mais da metade com a colaborao dela. Simplesmente sensacional. Survivors, Kill em With Kidness, Perfect, Body Heat, Same Old Love e Nobody so as mais surpreendentes do lbum! Todas as faixas encaixam entre si. Revival mostrou para o que veio.",4,4,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"Revival  um lbum maravilhoso e essa era veio pra quebrar todos os argumentos que usam pra julga-la, as letras maduras, a produo maravilhosa e PRINCIPALMENTE a evoluo vocal. 2015 com certeza tambm  um ano da Selena.",4,4,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"Good Job Selena! This album is pure gold, amazing songs I wanna say that Sober is a really powerful song, Same Old Love is amazing and Kill Em with Kindness is pure perfection",4,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"um lindo lbum,com belas composies e da pra saber que atrs de cada msica tem uma histria tem uma verdade, esse  definitivamente o renascimento de Selena Gomez",4,4,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"Revival no doubt is a good album , it's a rebirth for Selena 's career. Selena gave a great evolved , my favorite tracks are Revival and Nobody. I loved!",3,3,"Oct  9, 2015"
9,"This truly has to be Selena's best album yet.
She finally broke out of her shell. We all know Selena as the young Disney girl who always sings annoying generic pop songs but today she released a record that will surely change her entire career. Finally, an attention worthy album. 'Hands to Myself' is hands down the best song in the entire album.",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
9,"De longe o melhor lbum da Selena e um dos melhores do ano. Fico feliz em ver que ela amadureceu bastante musicalmente. Gostei bastante do lbum, sua voz  boa, as letras, sonoridade, enfim, a msica em si. Pisou rainha",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Selena realmente me impressionou com esse lbum. Mais madura em suas letras, ela amadureceu bastante e provou que tem garra, ela vai longe desse jeito. Selena conseguiu o seu reavivamento, ela passou por muitas coisas e at hoje ainda passa e tudo o que ela passou at aqui inspiraram esse lindo lbum, um verdadeiro hinrio do pop, Selena est de parabns pelo trabalho e que ela possa evoluir muito mais na msica ela merece todo o sucesso.",3,3,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"This is by far the best Selena's album. Her voice is so much better. For her this album is amazing! Camouflage shows how amazing her voice is. Loved it",3,3,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"rainha ne nom
This is her best album, i'm so proud of her, my favorite songs are Revival, Rise and Camouflage, she put her heart and soul on this album, and this is why this album is her revival",3,3,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"O melhor album sem duvidas dela. Conseguiu tirar completamente tudo de negativo que envolvia a sua voz e mostrou que mesmo no tendo a extenso to grande que pode ser boa cantora sim! Potencial muito bom, musicas muito boas!",3,3,"Oct 12, 2015"
7,"Revival  um timo lbum e representante na industria Pop, porm faltou mais produo nas musicas para que no se tornassem to repetitivas. Sem dvidas o melhor lbum da Selena, e o mais maduro. Selena cresce cada vez mais na msica e em seus trabalhos.",3,3,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"The best album of 2015. Selena gave us new sounds that are amazing. Her vocals don't sound auto-tuned. It has Latin vibes, R&B, Pop and Gospel. Every song is different and every one has it own 'magic'. Highlights: Revival, Hands To Myself, Rise, Perfect, Sober & Body Heat.",2,2,"Oct 18, 2015"
10,"Honestly, I've never been much of a Selena fan. In the past I've found much of her music to be generic and not to my taste.
However, after massively loving Good For You, Same Old Love, and Me & the Rhythm I decided to give the album a chance. Credit where credit is due, this may just be my album of the year. The album shows a whole new side to Selena - a mature, confident side that I hope we'll see more of in the future.
I may have just been converted to a Selenator!",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Um lbum bom, o melhor da carreira de Selena, claro que quando ouvimos Same Old Love e Good for You espervamos mais, mas no so todas as msicas que so ruins, o lbum merece mais que cinco singles, mas uns sete, claramente vemos uma cantora que deixou de ser teen e se aperfeioou na msica, o seu vocal est melhor, junto de Miley, Selena mostra o que  ser uma teen de verdade e com qualidade.",2,2,"Oct 10, 2015"
9,"Gracias a canciones tan potentes como Good For You y Me & The Rhythm o videoclips tan impresionantes como Same Old Love, Revival se ha convertido en uno de los mejores lbumes de la joven texana Selena Gmez. Con una portada bastante atrevida en su Edicin Deluxe, pretende llamar la atencin con su notable belleza. Revival es un lbum que no te dejar indiferente, ya que tiene un trabajo detrs de cada cancin que es realmente admirable.",2,2,"Oct 10, 2015"
7,"Harika bir albm eer iyi tekli seimleri yaparsa #1 numara karabilir, Bence en iyi arklar; Kill Em With Kindness, Camouflage, Survivors ve Sober :)",2,2,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"This album is soo good. One of the best albums of 2015 by far. It gives great messages to people for staying strong but without losing the wonderfull alternative sound. The songs are nearly impeccable and they combine catchy pop music with rnb mindi tempo pop alternative sound. Addiotionally, i will never understand why 'Nobody' and 'Perfect' are not in the standart album edition, because they are excellent. I think that Gomez deserves a Grammy nomination for that.
Best Songs: Almost every one",2,2,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"Her best album yet. It varies from exciting midtempos and ballads to upbeat energetic dance jams. Her voice is very chameleonic. Great production, enjoyable and exciting at every time, really original and with a wide range of music styles in it.",2,2,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"selena's amazing, the album is her best. she has improved so much and i am really proud. slay, selena! Revival, Kill Em With Kindness and Camouflage are my favorite, definately.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The most beautiful thing about the album is that Revival was the first album that Selena made working 100% with her soul, you can feel her words in songs. The fact that this album is her best album just make it more amazing. The best records, for me, are 'Sober', 'Camouflage' (is just her and the piano, so emotional), 'Hands to Myself', 'Good For You' and 'Perfect', but if I had to say all the songs that I liked, I would have to list all the track list.",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This album is my perfect concept about the true pop, Selena's voice is killer in this masterpiece no doubt I will support this era, to me is the best album of 2015! Congratulations Selena!",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"Selena Gomez era sempre a Teen com o lbum mais genrico e cheio de msicas apenas pra 'hitar', observar a evoluo dela neste lbum  incrvel, msicas calmas, melodias perfeitas, s enjoa pra quem no sabe apreciar msica de qualidade.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Revival is simply the best of Selena, she clearly putted her heart and soul on this album, her evolution as an artist is breathtaking and surprising. The album has a soft sexiness that is really comfortable and good to feel, her latin traces was explored on the best way and it sounds perfect. A work of art, an amazing job, a revival as an artist.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez proves with this record that she's taking her career to more mature and serious level than what she used to do before. Since the moment she released 'The Heart Wants What It Wants', she proved to be more confident with her voice, her style and her vibe. I listened to all her records and I can say by far that this one is her best and it's not just an improvement from previous efforts, it's maybe the second best 2015 record I've heard this year (right after Honeymoon by Lana Del Rey). Every songs on this record smells confidence, sexiness and maturity. Keep it that way Selena because it's in that sound that you're the best.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Perfect, revolutionary, certainly Selena is empowered to be the new pop princess showed an album more mature showing all of himself and his life, congratulations",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"My favers is: Me & The Rythm, Rise, Camouflage, Me & My Girls and Cologne. This is album of the year and best job of Selena. She makes all amazing and perfect, different of everything she ever had.",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! This is definitely the best pop album of the year :) I just can't stop listening 'Revival', 'Kill 'Em With Kindness' and 'Camouflage'! I advise everyone to buy it!",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Hypnotic album with improved vocals. This album really shows her versatility as an artist. I'm proud at the development through her music. Her best album. No song is similar; all different and beautiful. My favourites are Revival, Me & the Rhythm, Perfect. I really recommend this.",2,2,"Oct 21, 2015"
10,"This is the sound that it makes me take Selena Gomez more serious as an artist. Songs like 'Revival', 'Camouflage' and the top-5-hit 'Good For You' are made for the critics, sayin' to them 'Hey, look at me. I'm all grown up.'",2,2,"Oct 24, 2015"
9,"This is the best album of Selena Gomez and we all agree with it. I mean, this is not a 100% likeble album because 2 or 3 tracks that are boring, but the other tracks are SO good. So ' Revival' band with the name of the CD itself, is not a bad song as most of the songs that give name to albums ( with other artists ) , the track is very interesting because it has a touch of sensuality in the rhythm with a letter goes seriously. 'Sober ' , ' Nobody' and 'Perfect' are my favorite tracks on the CD because they are very sexy and report some experiences I've had in life , which is very interesting because it is very good when the artist behind your experience through a song and when that touch millions of hearts . 'Good For You' is a wonderful music if not for the A $ AP destroying the track , seriously , she could have chosen a better rapper. And do not get that I'm disrespecting his work to prove because the comments you tube music video without it.",2,2,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"Revival is such an amazing album it is so authentic and truly speaks of who she is and what she feels. I honestly think this should be at least nominated for best pop album next year at the Grammys.",2,2,"Apr 15, 2016"
8,"Selena's albums all felt the same, except A Year Without Rain - that kinda felt different.
This album has a similar but much stronger effect. This is a totally new Selena, with totally new sounds & lyrics.
Not only has she executive produced it, she has also been listed in the composition of 11 songs which in my opinion has contributed to the difference the listeners feel in this album.
The album, in my opinion, is divided into: empowerment songs, love-linked songs, and songs that should not be there.
Empowerment songs of Revival: 1. Revival (self-empowerment) // 2. Kill Em With Kindness (self-empowerment & dealing with the world full of negativity) // 8. Me & The Rhythm (empowering you to lose yourself to the music/the rhythm) // 11. Rise // 12. Me & My Girls (themes of female power).
Love-linked songs: 3. Hands to Myself // 4. Same Old Love // 5. Sober // 6. Good For You // 7. Camouflage // 13. Nobody // 14. Perfect // 15. Cologne
Songs that should not be there: 9. Survivors & 10. Body Heat. These songs feel like they've been written in 10 seconds, they feel like a total waste of Selena's skills and a lack of representation of her abilities.",2,2,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"The whole album is amazing since 'Revival' to  'Rise'. Also the Deluxe Version is also amazing. Every single track is really good. Revival is a Masterpiece.",2,2,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"''Revival''  de longe o melhor trabalho da carreira da cantora e atriz Selena Gomez.
Uma evoluo muito grande em comparao ao seu sem personalidade ''Stars Dance'', primeiro trabalho sem o ''The Scene''. H grande influncia latina e de subgneros de R&B atual no disco, alm da grande predominncia pop. Assim como ''Confident'' de sua amiga e ex-companheira da Disney, Demi Lovato, ''Revival'' tem como grande inspirao o conceito do lbum do incio da dcada passada de Christina Aguilera, 'o grammyado' ''Stripped'', que fala sobre liberdade, sensualidade e afirmao de maturidade. A capa da edio de luxo traz Selena Gomez em uma posio estratgica ao conceito do lbum, seminua em preto e branco, o que aproxima ainda mais a ex-estrela dos Feiticeiros de Waverly Place da influncia do polmico e controverso disco de 2002 de Aguilera.
Os principais destaques ficam por conta do carro chefe, ''Good For You'' que contm a participao do rapper A$ap Rocky, ''Hands To Myself'' que  uma produo do sueco Max Martin - artista por trs dos ltimos sucessos de Taylor Swift e Ariana Grande, ''Same Old Love'' que contm letra e vocais de fundo de fundo da punk-pop Charli XCX, alm das faixas ''Sober'', ''Me & The Rhytm'' e ''Body Heat'' e das bnus exclusivas da edio de luxo ''Me & My Girls'' e ''Nobody''.",1,1,"Nov  2, 2015"
6,"TO AQUI PRA DAR MINHA CRITICA, E EU NAO GOSTO MUITO DA SELENA, POREM SURPREENDEU-ME COM ALGUMAS MUSICAS ENTAO NOTA 6. BJOS! AT O PROXIMO ALBUM PESSOAL!",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"I got surprised when Selena released 'The Heart Wants What It Wants', because she's changed her style in this song; a mature style that pointed her out of the other teen singers. And Revival shows that in all the tracks. Selena is more aggressive and confident in the album, singing in a sexy and romantic way. Her vocals became better and the tunes match them very well. So, the album is clear and subtle, there are some negative points, but the album is still awesome and Revival shows that she can become a mega star in a while. 'Good for You' and 'Me & the Rhythm' are the best tracks, and 'Hands to Myself' is one of the best pop songs that I've heard in 2015.",1,1,"Oct 26, 2015"
9,"This is Selena's best album. I think she made a mistake about the bonus tracks. Me & My Girls could be on the Standard version, just like Perfect. Anyway, this is a personal album, songs like ''Revival'', ''Camouflage'', ''Rise'' show us a Selena with a big artistic power. The lyrics do not disappoint, and the production is impeccable, and in my opinion, Revival x Confident is a fool fight, people should focus on the sound of the albuns.
Revival 10/10
Kill Em With Kindness 9/10
Hands to Myself 10/10
Same Old Love 10/10
Sober 7/10
Good for You 8/10
Camouflage 10/10
Me & the Rhythm 9/10
Survivors 8/10
Body Heat 10/10
Rise 8/10",1,1,"Dec 24, 2015"
6,"Metacritic is becoming a bias database of alleged music critics. This album was well done by Selena. Only people who actually like the pop genre will have a valid and reliable review. So many haters. So if you don't like pop stay out of this review.",1,1,"Oct 18, 2015"
7,"Selena's definitely improving a lot! Revival's a great album and it's a lot more mature than her other albums. Revival, Sober, Good For You, Me & The Rhythm, Perfect, and Cologne are some album highlights. There is a bit too much filler, though, and they're not great. But overall, it's a solid album.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"Selena has finally found her sound & made her own name as an artist. Revival shines through with enough variety to give even the biggest names in music a run for their money. Songs such as 'Hands To Myself' & 'Me & The Rhythm' breathe life into modern day pop music and redefining it was we speak. While not being the best vocalist, Gomez makes up for that by having an enjoyable voice utilized in different & unique ways through great pop songs. She has grown up the most gracefully compared to her young disney peers, unlike Cyrus she has a bubbly personality without the scandals & unlike Lovato, she doesn't try hard and has a natural charm. This album is pop music at its best & it is worth a listen as I recommend it to anyone of any age.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"The sexy languorous Selena has finally 'bloomed' like a flower. You can hear her sexy, elegant and glamorous voice taking a walk around those songs dropping  some sexy whispers here and there ... The production is perfect, much more professional than her last album. The pop songs have their own charms ( I love 'Me and The Rhythm' ) . Selena Gomez pop formula is perfectly working.When you see her on TV all glamorous and sexy ... you can perfectly hear that in her album. This is the more personal album she   wanted it to me at her image.  It is",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"A piranha acordou.
Este trabalho s me deixou mais ansiosa pensando no que ainda vai vir. Inicialmente Selena dizia que cantava por hobbie, nunca levou a srio tal profisso mas agora els realmente renasceu, passou um ano trabalhando no melhor lbum da carreira, lbum esse que se tornou um dos melhores lbuns do ano. As composies esto boas (embora algumas letras tenham refres repetitivos demais), a sonoridade foi 'a needle into the vein'.
S tenho elogios, foi realmente um renascimento.
Perfect >>>>>",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is a REVIVAL! Selena meu amor, sempre estarei com voc. timo acompanhar sua evoluo, mostre a todos quem voc realmente , um ser humano maravilhoso e talentoso.
E aos que esto dando notas vermelhas pra essa Bblia, que Deus abenoe vocs e que as notas (vulgo ruins) que deram pra ela voltem em dobro pra sua dolazinha, beijos.",1,1,"Oct 19, 2015"
10,"Amazing album! It's sonority is deep and resonant.
The Best songs are 'Good For You', 'Me & The Rhythm', 'Camouflage', 'Rise', Kill Em With Kindness', 'Same Old Love' and the title track.",1,1,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"Selena Gomez , the delay for this album was too much, but when released , I thought, was worth the wait more months for another wonderful album, their conquitas does not stop here , you have much to go on with this album",1,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year My favorite album of this year",1,1,"Oct 12, 2015"
10,"Uma mudana radical no estilo musical da Gomez, algo que caracteriza uma Selena adulta, responsvel, forte, e confiante, com msicas sentimentais profundas, incentivadoras, e poderosas, sem dvidas, o melhor lbum do ano.",1,1,"Oct 12, 2015"
9,"Selena shows all her maturity in her new record. With an angelical voice, she proves that now is her moment (and nobody could stole her spotlight). Revival is a inspirational and personal song.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"(smarturl.it/SGRevival) This album is amazing, her best album hands down! Songs like Good For You are really fresh and Hands To Myself is easily the best pop song of 2015. Great job Selena!",1,1,"Oct 28, 2015"
10,"Selena's vocals, the sound, everything in this album is too good to be true!!! It's the first album of hers that i've bought. It's just really really really good!!!",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing. All songs have a meaning even if some could possible be forgettable. All of the songs are relaxing and mostly chill. Just the right amount of everything with Gomez's voice fitting every song. I would definitely recommend the deluxe edition which includes the amazing 'Nobody' (which is about God) and the perfect 'Perfect'. Besides those there are more outstanding songs as 'Sober'  and 'Camouflage'. 'Hands To Myself' definitely stands out as one of the best songs on the album, she just can't keep her hands to herself (I mean she could but, why would she want to?).The sultry 'Good For You' screams greatness as does 'Same Old Love' the perfect break-up song. 'Kill Em With Kindness' speaks for itself and an amazing song to listen to when you're not feeling too good about yourself. The most anticipated song 'Revival' has all different vibes put together which complements each and everything on there. Then we get to the more upbeat songs as the Latino-flavored 'Body Heat' and the boss 'Me & My Girls', which talks about Selena and well her 'girls' including a bit of Spanish lyrics. 'Me & The Rhythm' is easily most people's favorite as it has this irresistible disco-inspired beat which you can't help but to dance to. 'Rise' speaks about rising over everything when you're feeling down and feeling confident and it has this amazing gospel feel. Lastly, there's 'Survivors' which has a very mellow and soft vibe to it. Overall, this is her best album surpassing 'Stars Dance' 's killer dance tracks. This is all about what she has been feeling for the past two years and talks about many things. Very interesting album. 10/10",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
7,"Another 'real me' album, it's not the best but it's a good one . Good lyrics, good music. Nice one Sel.
Best 5 songs:
- Sober
- Camouflage
- Perfect
- Me & The Rhythm
- Hands To Myself.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2015"
10,"Vai se foder, lbum  otimo!!!!!!!!!!!  Pisou em atar dance (brincadeira) otimos vocais, tudo lindo toda top toda modelo!! Melhor album dela, e segundo melhor do ano! Me fode ate nao poder mais Selena",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Amei,Selena Gomez chegou com tudo e calou a boca de todos que falavam mau dela,Sober  perfeito,Super adulta e madura,este ano  dela sem duvidas! Parabns Selena.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOO MEU AMOR PISOU DEMAIS PISOU NOS HATERS PISOU NA _ _ _ _ EM TODO MUNDO!!!!!!! MERECIA 100 MAS FICOU COM 70 POR CULPA DA DEMO
MELHOR ALBUM VAI DEBUTAR COM 1KKK AINDA *-----* NAO POSSO ESTAR MAIS ORGULHOSA",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the album of the millennium, stepped in some fans of certain former friends of hers who doubted their ability, queen stepped without promise, note more than deserved.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of 2015 and the best album of the carrer of selena, she works so hard and give all the best she had, greatful album, greatful songs.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Queen same, it really was a revival and she returned with everything, a more mature album and unlike anything she did, showed her potential, both vocally and in their side songwriter, of 16 songs she participated in the composition of 11, we can see that this album was rather more of it, had more transparency about her and about your current level! I'm surprised! Proud to be her fan, she killed it",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Ive never heard a Selena Gomez album before, but a couple months ago i heard a single of hers 'Good For You', i was suprised by how much i liked it, it had a great melody coupled with her sultry vocals and brilliant instrumentation. I then heard this album. Revival the first track on this album is a great opener with brilliant instrumentation and a great chorus with great lyrics. Kill Em With Kindness is a chill track to overcome thd haters, and has a great whistle tune with more brilliant instrumentation. Then we have the Max Martin track which is hilariously cute and sexy, with her great delivery and fantasic beat. The rest if the album never really fails anywhere, every single songs is strong and i really predict some grammy noms here!",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"album incrivel, diferente de tudo que ela ja fez, espero que ela faa mais albuns assim!!
nota 10 album muito bom, mercece ser indicado ao grammy, otimo",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Sinceramente este  o melhor lbum dela, um lbum com vocais maravilhosos, a rainha surpreendeu mesmo. Batidas timas, letras timas, um lbum maduro, est sendo uma era maravilhosa para Selena Gomez.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Este  sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns de 2015. Selena melhorou muito no seu vocal e trouxe canes maravilhosas. As melhores msicas so Cologne, Sober e Survivors.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"MARAVILHOSA AMEI O ALBUM PISOU PISOU ARRASO NOSSA OTIMO SOBER MELHOR MUSIA A NAO A MELHOR  HANDS TO MYSELF AI NAO A MELHOR E REVIVAL AI SLA O ALBUM INTEIRO  OTIMO menos me & my girls credo mas vo da 10 arraso piso na",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is really amazing, this is her REVIVAL.Body heat,good for you,perfect and me and my girls are my fav.SELENA IS WORTH A GRAMMY. GOOD FOR YOU IS WORTH A GRAMMY. REVIVAL IS WORTH A GRAMMY.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"'Selena Gomez wills a new era of her career into existence within the first two minutes of her second solo album. 'Its my time to butterfly,' she sings on the self-care anthem 'Revival.' The Gomez of this relaxed, confident pop collection butterflies with such ease that it feels like shes revealing her true personality for the first time. Where some former child stars tack toward aggressive maturity when they reach their twenties, Gomez finds ways to transcend that cliche. Her brand of sexiness has a coy, subtle quality that never tries too hard, from the fun, flirty 'Hands to Myself' to the blissed-out 'Survivors' to the intoxicating 'Me & the Rhythm'  a riff on the classic theme of losing yourself on the dance floor ('Everybody wants to be touched/Everybody wants to get some') that nonetheless finds her sounding completely in control of her own euphoria.
Soaring past the harsh-though-catchy EDM beats of 2013s Stars Dance and the shallow angst of her previous work with the pop-rock project the Scene, the former Disney star finds a new comfort zone in this albums warm, tropical beach-pop sound. 'Body Heat' brings Latin fusion into Gomezs mix like never before and proves that she doesnt need Zedd (the German producer behind her recent dance chart-topper 'I Want You to Know') to make a genuine club banger.
Gomez doesnt have the vocal chops of her Disney compadres and sometime competitors Miley Cyrus and Demi Lovato, but she makes up for it here by finding a new malleability in her voice. She takes on a punk-soul Charli XCX inflection on 'Same Old Love,' a highlight cowritten by XCX, and elsewhere builds on the clipped, breathy indie-pop vocals that made lead single 'Good For You' a mold-breaking hit this summer. Revival is an audacious name for a 23-year-old singer's second album, but from start to finish, Gomez earns it. This is the sound of a newly empowered pop artist growing into her strengths like never before.' - Rolling Stone review",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is by far her best work to date.
Won't go too deep into the review, but if I'm to summarize it in a few words, those would be - Mature, Sonical and vocal improvement, New persona, artistic and sensible lyrics.
This album isn't perfect however it is clearly next to it and shows us a more vulnerable, yet confident side of Selena aswell.
Nearly all of the tracks standout but my personal favourites (only by a slight margin) would be: Perfect, Kill Em with Kindness, Hands to Myself and Body Heat.
Kudos to Selena for such a huge improvement and I hope the best for her future career.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Selena has improved tremendously with this record. It feels like this is the first cohesive album she delivered that also includes a message. It's her first album i can actually appreciate as an album and not just individual singles really. I do find it interesting however that the standard and the deluxe version include slightly different versions of the standard track 'Rise'. In my opinion 'Same Old Love', 'Sober' and 'Me & My Girls' are the standout tracks.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"what a masterpiece, this is the kind of music i was waiting for from selena she is a talented young woman who has a lot of power, game changing album highly recommended",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"It's the best album i've ever seen! shes growing up even more, and she tells everything to take care of our hearts! it's greatfull to listening to this album!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This is an amazing album by Ms. Gomez. Her best album yet, exeeds her poppy EDM 'Stars Dance' era by so much. This is truly her REVIVAL.    .",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Revival is the best album of 2015. No joke, it's so pure and fresh. It's a must have! So Great!! From 'Revival' to 'Perfect' (bonus track) it has such a great feel, i felt what she was going through!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I used to love Selena's catchy pop songs (Naturally, A Year Without Rain, Love You Like A Love Song, Who Says, and the others which didn't become singles), but this album is a masterpiece, pretty much different than everything she released before.
'Revival', 'Kill 'Em With Kindness', 'Hands To Myself', 'Good For You', 'Survivors', 'Rise', 'Perfect' and 'Cologne' are songs that nobody could ever imagine she would record for this new era. I believe that 'Sober', 'Same Old Love', 'Me & The Rhythm' and 'Outta My Hands' are more predictable when it comes to Selena's albums, but they also sound quite amazing - by the way, I'm claiming for Sober as her new single!
I'm head over hill with this album - it's one of my favorites from 2015.
As she said, she's been taking singing classes during the years, and she finally proved everyone that she's better than before, and finally found her sound!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Selena est na melhor fase da carreira dela. Esse lbum  perfeitamente adulto e maduro assim como ela, as msicas so uma melhor do que a outra e totalmente viciante. Selena rainha como sempre, proud to be a selenator!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
8,"This album is good but nothing that we've never heard! I think Selena finally find her tone and this album represents this!! My favorites are 'Me & The Rhythm' and 'Sober'!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I've always had faith in Selena's genuineness. I've always loved her music and appreciated her carefree and fun way of being the soundtrack to my adolescence so for her to have reached her REVIVAL, it's something very important to my own growth. The album (especially the title track) speaks to me spiritually.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"It has been transformed over time and showing what has come! 'Revival' is really the triumphant return of Selena Gomez. The songs are quite addictive and enthralling. 10 without a doubt!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"She didn't make an album for charts, she made for fans and for herself. We can feel her emotions, and her voice is better than never. The album has a great sound and a little bit of everything that Selena support, like God with 'Nobody', girl power with 'Me & My Girls' and the message in the lyrics of 'Kill 'Em With Kindness' that we have to stop the fight and be mature because 'no war in anger was ever won'... It is just beautiful the way that she inspire what she believes. And we have the fun part of the album with some fast songs like Me And The Rhythm, Body Heat, Loco, Hands to Myself... This songs make the album more fun and it doesn't let the album became boring. I'm really excited to see Selena Gomez telling her stories now that she is in control of her life more than never.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Is really a revival of Selena! Perfect! Creative! Emotional! Half Mexican! Wonderful! Selena are congratulations.. Cover beautiful.. and Rise is my favorite! Very Thanks Selena!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"So good! Selena has an amazing potential. Revival no doubt is a good album , it's a rebirth for Selena 's career. Selena gave a great evolved , my favorite tracks are Revival and Nobody. I loved!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"amazing album! It shows a different and truthful side of selena.  The album reflects over everything about life, the album deserves album of the year.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"'Paper Gods' is a great dance-pop album that sound modern and fresh, with an excellent set of songs, an excellent production and some very special guests. Even after all these years, Duran Duran never missed their ambition to move forward and change their sound and style, to write new music and not sitting comfortably to their past glories. The result is challenging and intriguing with an album that is better than most of the big dance-pop names of the today music industry! If 'Paper Gods' was an album by a young new group, critics would rave about it and it could have easily a place in the end of the years lists of 2015. So listen without prejudice and enjoy the ''guilty'' pleasures that DD can still offer us with their new release. My verdict 9/10.",3,3,"Oct 26, 2015"
10,"I'm not much into dance music anymore--but the production and melodies on this one are first rate. It SOUNDS really, really good.  Play it loud. Can guarantee you will be humming choruses from it the next day. Strong album.",2,2,"Sep 15, 2015"
10,"This is one of the top 3, most complete, yet adventurous albums in Duran Duran's career. They managed to seamlessly combine modern electro-pop sounds with the classic Duran Duran sound to make their best record since the Wedding Album. It is amazing that a band 30+ years into their career are still innovating at a high level and producing some of their best music ever. There are a variety of styles on here, from EDM to funk/mowtown to great guitar solos from John Frusciante. I highly recommend the Delux version, as the bonus tracks Planet Roaring with the Sex Pistols Steve Jones on guitar and Northern Lights with John Frusciante on guitar are two of the best tracks on the album.",2,2,"Sep 19, 2015"
9,"Competing with an 80s catalog as solid as Duran Durans has to be a chore, especially when you refuse to ride the nostalgia circuit. The case for latter day Duran Duran used to be pretty hard to make, but since Mark Ronson all but forced the band to revisit its Rio-era sound for All You Need Is Now in 2010-11, Duran Duran has built up enough insurance with fans to become experimental again. Paper Gods sounds almost nothing like the product of the same band that wrote Girls on Film or Hungry Like the Wolf. Guitars are used sparingly, save for some curated appearances by John Frusciante. The emphasis here is on synths and electronic beats, which is certainly not alien to Duran Duran fans, but the lack of a traditional, organic rhythm section is glaring, especially when you have a bass player of the caliber of John Taylor. Where this record succeeds is in its instantly catchy hooks, memorable melodies, and cutting-edge production. Vocalist Simon Le Bon has more than proven himself an astoundingly great front-man over the decades, but the fact that his voice is still so insanely powerful defies logic. The man belts out notes that most singers lose two decades before turning 57. Duran Duran hasnt sounded this confident since Wild Boys, ripping through brilliantly layered electronic anthems, ear-worm, Chic-style funk, and blatant disco dance-floor grooves with the swagger of a band 30 years younger. Sustaining momentum has been a problem for this band since its Live Aid performance in 1985, but Paper Gods reveals a band - already more than three decades in - determined to push its legacy well into the future. The songs are certainly there, albeit in a kaleidoscopically manic shifting of styles, but whether they can capture the zeitgeist just one more time is the challenge. The fact that this should be a huge record doesnt always fight through the noise.",1,1,"Sep 20, 2015"
10,"While other bands, evolving from the 80's, are repeating themselves constantly, Duran Duran is constantly looking for new dimensions within their reach. With this offering, named Paper Gods, they really produce a very mature and flowing album. Danceable songs like Danceophobia (featuring Lindsay Lohan), Last Night In The City (featuring Kiesza) and the current single Pressure Off (featuring Janelle Monae and Nile Rodgers) are fantastic. But also the more Duranish tracks as Face For Today, What Are The Chances and You Kill Me With Silence are great! Outstanding songs on this album are the title-track Paper Gods (featuring Mr. Hudson), Change The Skyline (featuring Jonas Bjerre), Butterfly Girl (featuring Anna Ross) and Sunset Garage. Universe Alone provides in the best ending song of a Duran Duran album since Rio's The Chauffeur.
Pop greatness!",1,1,"Sep 16, 2015"
9,"A great follow up to 80s smash hits from Seven and the Ragged Tiger, Rio, and more.  100x better than anything else they call pop nowadays.  While not perfection,  certain songs like 'What are the Chances'  make up for any shortcomings on other tracks.  80s greatness in their 60's?  I'm in. 9/10.",3,4,"Sep 11, 2015"
9,"I think largely the 'professional' critics haven't listened to many Duran albums. I have. Every one. Whereas All  You Need Is Now was a homage to Rio; Paper Gods takes it's influence from the best tracks from all of their albums, some of which were not singles. There are many stand out tracks: Pressure Off leans towards the sound of Medazzaland's Big Bang Generation. What Are The Chances, which for me is one of the best tracks on the album, could easily be a track on Big Thing and The Universe Alone has the huge wall of sound that was present on The Wedding Album. 9/10",3,4,"Sep 11, 2015"
1,"What happened? The last two albums were excellent (especially All You Need is Now), but Paper Gods is a steaming pile of dog doo-doo. If I wanted to hear this garbage I would simply buy a Janelle Mone or Kiesza album. There are a few decent enough tracks but even those are scraping the bottom of the Duran Duran barrel. Anyone who thinks this is a good Duran album must listen to an awful lot of terrible music.",0,3,"Sep 19, 2015"
8,"Its inventive, dance pop adventure into the non-habitual textures for a Duran Duran concept.
Its very joyful, its make me wanna dance. 8/10
Its inventive, dance pop adventure into the non-habitual textures for a Duran Duran concept.
Its very joyful, its make me wanna dance.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2015"
10,"Always a Duran Duran fan since the early days, I give a 10 to this album, but my prefered tracks are:
1-The Universe Alone
2-What are the Chances
3-Face for today
4-Butterfly girl
5-Danceophobia",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
7,"This often feels like an unfinished album. It's like Simon and Nick layed down the basic tracks and subbed in synths for drums, bass, and guitar, waiting for Roger, John and Dom (or whoever) to come in and do their bits. This leaves fans wanting more. Roger's drums, John's bass, and guitar are fundamental to the Duran Duran sound, and whenever any of those elements are missing, the song suffers. Paper Gods would be a 8/10 album otherwise.
Also: It would be 9/10 if they put Cinderalla Ride and Northern Lights into the standard album and released Butterfly Girl and Sunset Garage as bonus tracks. Also if they worked on the verses to Planet Roaring and included that in the main album, too.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"EP MARAVILHOSO, simplesmente amei, todas as musicas sao otimas, Seventeen uma das minhas faves, Alessia Cara merece muito sucesso,super talentosa, me lembra um pouco a Amy Winehouse",1,1,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"is so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
so powerful and wonderfulllllllllllllllllllllllllll
congrats
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",0,0,"Oct 28, 2015"
8,"One of the most interesting albums/EPs by a teenager, Four Pink Walls shows Cara's potential as an alternative artist. Highlights include 'Seventeen' and 'Here,' her debut hit.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2015"
9,"I am constantly amazed by new voices coming in with their original music, and this is no different with the debut EP by Alessia Cara. This is a very upbeat album with each song somewhat of a different sound than another. Some of the shining songs are her lead single 'Here' and another nice sound in 'I'm Yours'. 'Outlaws' starts off with an interesting sound effect, but leads in to a fun, catchy tune with matching lyrics. She seems to do this often in her songs by starting songs with a sound that will make you almost cringe, but the song ends up shocking you by being awesome sounding. With sounds almost similar to Katy Tiz, this EP is one to definitely buy with 5 amazing songs from the debut album 'Know-It-All'.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen's EMOTION is a LEAP forward for, not only Carly herself but also, pop music. Kiss was a GREAT underrated cleverly written and well produced pop record that didn't do well due to the general public losing interest, but EMOTION is past trying to chart and please the general public. EMOTION is a 17 track collection, handpicked out of over 200 tracks produced for this record. EMOTION is 80's pop GOLD, the production is filled with glittering and gleaming synths and beats, the writing is clever and matured, and (unlike with Kiss) it hits the point it was trying to reach perfectly. Highlights on the album include 'Run Away With Me', 'All That', 'Your Type', 'Let's Get Lost', 'Black Heart', and 'Love Again'. Well done Carly, you have a classic pop album under your belt! I'm very excited to see where you will go from here.",22,23,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"This is definitely a quality album. Very refreshing from the other pop girl albums. Phenomenal work on this album. The lyrics and music are amazing...",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"EMOTION  simplesmente perfeito do comeo ao fim, Carly conseguiu trazer tudo o que qualquer admirador de musica pop espera: vocais bons, composies boas e produes simplesmente fantsticas. Desde a primeira faixa ''Run Away with Me'' ate a ultima ''Love Again'' podemos enxergar a evoluo musical e o amadurecimento da cantora em comparao ao ultimo album ''Kiss''. Ela conseguiu construir um lbum pop maduro e com referencias oitentistas que superou qualquer lbum pop lanado nessa dcada. A Carly no  uma superstar mundialmente famosa, ou uma hitmarker com inmeros hits ou uma grande diva do pop mas ela conseguiu sem duvidas trazer um lbum to bom que qualquer artista pop gostaria de ter em sua carreira. Carly Rae Jepsen lanar um lbum pop to bom como o EMOTION no  surpresa nenhuma, a Carly apenas de Call Me Maybe como  conhecida por muitos lanar um lbum como o EMOTION  uma grande surpresa, talvez um dia ela possa ser reconhecida pelo seu trabalho com um excelente lbum como  o EMOTION, e no por uma musica pop chiclete como Call Me Maybe, talvez assim eu ainda tenha esperana na humanidade.
Melhores musicas do lbum: Run Away With Me, All That, EMOTION, Gimmie Love e Favourite Colour.",6,7,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best songs: Your Type, Run Away With Me, Gimmie Love, All That, Making The Most Of The Night & Let's Get Lost.
There are no bad songs on this album. 10/10",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Carly continues to be underestimated ever since Call Me Maybe was released a few years ago. This album is outstanding and shows that she is much more than a one hit wonder. She is a true artist who wrote each and every song on this album and spent three years working on it. This is pure pop candy, an album that rivals Taylor Swifts 1989 in both sophistication and catchiness. There is not one song on this album that I dont like. In fact, her current single Run Away With Me is a number one waiting to happen.
Theres something for everyone with this album - a perfect mix of slower songs and pop jams. Standout tracks: LA Hallucinations, I Didnt Just Come Here to Dance, Run Away With Me, Gimmie Love, and Favorite Color.
Do yourself a favor and give Carly a chance! This album is not to be missed. TIME magazine calls it the pop album of the year, and they are right on the money.",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Es excelente, realmente hizo un trabajo excepcional. Sent como escuchar grandes piezas de los 80's, pero hechas a un disco del nuevo siglol. El lbum pop del 2015 ha llegado. Indiscutiblemente, Carly demostr que puede ser una artista y dejar de ser un producto musical. Gracias por ste viaje emocional y deleite musical.",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best songs: Run Away With Me, EMOTION, I Really Like You, Gimmie Love,  All That, Your Type, Let's Get Lost & When I Needed You.
Worst song: LA Hallucinations",5,7,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen proved herself in every single way with this record. Been a fan since she released 'Kiss', but now with 'EMOTION' I see how she had room for improvement as an artist. I could not be more proud of her work! 'Run Away With Me' is truly amazing and a huge opener to a full set of colors and emotions that she brought to us. The album won't really do well commercially but I'm so satisfied critics recognized it.",2,3,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year so far! Really good pop music.
Best songs: Run Away with Me, Making The Most Of The Night, EMOTION, All That, Your Type.",2,3,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Not in a million years would I have ever thought Carly Rae Jepsen could release a perfect pop record. Unique, original & filler-free, EMOTION is the best pop record released in 2015. Stand outs include Run Away With Me, LA Hallucinations & I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance. The only problem I have is the fact that I Really Like You was released as the lead single as it's the worst song on the album. Chances are if you have ears you're going to love this album! And if you have a weave you are going to get snatched in a heartbeat!",2,3,"Aug 29, 2015"
9,"I'm not really a fan of Call Me Maybe. I found it kind of annoying and repetitive, another song from a one-hit wonder. E-MO-TION shows how very wrong I was. This is one of the best pop albums of the year, and it absolutely deserves the success of Call Me Maybe. It's much, much better.",2,3,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"EMOTION is a perfectly crafted masterpiece. From the stunning saxophone that opens the album on 'Run Away With Me' all the way to the ending of 'Favourite Colour' absolutely amazing.",2,3,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"This album is so underrated. Call Me Maybe has completely overshadowed this album. When I first heard Run Away With Me, I was blown away by how amazing it was. It is such a shame that it didn't even reach the charts! Honestly, this album deserves so much more recognition.",2,3,"Apr 10, 2016"
9,"She's doing '80s throwback better than some of the original pop ladies. Every track is unique and catchy, while also substantial. Highlights include: Boy Problems, Your Type, Making the Most of the Night.",3,5,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Honestly I was debating whether or not to listen to this album based on her previous work and lead single but she then released Run Away With Me and I instantly was full of excitement for this album.. I was counting down until 12 am to purchase it and when it finally came, IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT, Ladies and gentlemen this is one of the best pop albums of all time, it has the perfect mix of everything.. There is not one single bad song, Though I didn't care for the lead single I understand why it was released because of its catchiness but its not a bad song.",2,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"this is a MASTERPIECE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"I love all of the songs on this album especially Let's Get Lost and When I Needed You! Those two are my favorite songs from this great album. There are no bad songs on this album. Definitely best Pop Album of the Year!",1,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"We all knew that miss Carly Rae Jepsen would give us another pop masterpiece, but this, this is just something out of this world. From the second I heard I Really Like You, I knew she was coming for blood, and blood she came for. Every pre released track was flawless, and so is the rest of the album. It's no surprise critics are raving about this album because it really is a flawless album. Carly Rae Jepsen is back, and here to stay, despite if it reaches the top fo the charts or not. The album is a solid 10/10 and I wouldn't be surprised if she wins a Grammy for it. Job well done.",1,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best pop album so far in the year and third best album overall behind Bjork's Vulnicura and Kendrick's To Pimp a Butterfly. This is truly the best work by Carly Rae Jepsen ever, and it'll be hard to best this one.",1,2,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year soooooo far!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"This emotion (i feel it). That's the only way to describe this album. Carly Rae Jepsen is an underrated pop genius. Never Get To Hold You, Gimmie Love, Warm Blood, +the rest of the album are the best ones. This one, and 1989 are the best pop albums from the last 3/4 years.",1,2,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"By far the best pop album released in 2015 and also in recent years. Carly really proved herself with this album, transitioning from the generic pop of Kiss (while still enjoyable,) she moves on to a range of pop styles; from 80's inspired synthpop and disco with some modern pop. An all around strong album, hope she continues on this cycle of focusing more on quality than success!",1,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"Sin duda el mejor de pop que he escuchando en un largo tiempo. Cada cancin contiene algo que la hace imposible de ignorar. La voz de carly me impresiono mucho y me encanto. Felicitaciones en este album que llevo aos en realizacin. RUN AWAY WITH ME. una obra maestra del POP.",1,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"She don't need no masks. She don't need no pretension. That's exactly what she does: bubblegum pop music, and she's doing it BIG! She's really exposing some emotion in this album, I can perfectly feel her girl feelings about life, love and stuff. Congrants on Carly Rae Jepsen for making Teen Pop alive!",1,2,"Aug 25, 2015"
9,"Overall, this is a superb album. I can listen to the songs over and over and they don't get old. The whole album is so cohesive with a great sonic range. This is an amazing modern pop accomplishment.",1,2,"Aug 27, 2015"
10,"all the songs are wonderful, the sounds, the beat, Carly do it great with this album. This can be the most perfect pop album in 2 years. THIS IS GOLD!",1,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Pop music masterpiece of 2015 but, sadly, strongly underrated. 'Call Me Maybe' was definitely the biggest song of 2012 but unfortunately labelled Carly's career as a 'one hit wonder', after the subsequent singles released failed to trail 'Call Me Maybe' success and KISS was declared a commercial flop. And that definitely sucks when the artist, that the world lost interest in after 2012, decides to record and release the pop album of the year but doesn't receive much recognition. This album demonstrates that Carly has so much potential of so much more than the one song that captivated the world 3 years ago. EMOTION is a synth-pop gem and, without a doubt, a better pop album than KISS; which wasn't as impressive.
Some highlights would be: 'Runaway With Me', 'Gimmie Love', 'All That', 'Your Type' and 'Warm Blood'.",1,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"With this album Jepsen proves she is one of today's best pop artists. Written all by herself, EMOTION has deep lyrics with a fresh 80's sound that makes you want to sing along all the songs. Definitely one of the best albums of 2015, and in my opinion the best one in the Pop genre. It's a pity that, this album and her as an artist, are so underrated.",1,2,"Oct 26, 2015"
9,"The best pop album of 2015. Every single track is catchy as hell. Her character is relatable, fun and adorable. The production is surprisingly cohesive and pays homage to pop and dance music of the 80s and 90s.",1,2,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen has managed to accomplish something Taylor could not with '1989' - fantastic and consistent production.
Pop album of the year, no questions asked.",1,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
9,"Amo a Carly, porm esse lbum no d amiga, salvo trees ou quatro musicas, as outras escuta uma vez, vai pra outra e acabo achando que ja escutei, repetitivo, a voz dela parece chata na maioria das msicas, parece um albm de demos dispensadas pela selena na poca chata dela.",1,3,"Oct  4, 2015"
7,"Wow!! I don't like Carly but this is really good! Best songs are: Warm Blood, LA Hallucinations and the brilliant Gimmie Love! I really really really liked the album so much. Thanks Carly for not doing more 'Call Me Maybe'.",1,4,"Aug 25, 2015"
0,"Com vocais abusando de corretores digitais, e falta de originalidade, Carly Rae volta  cena atual para afundar ainda mais a qualidade do POP. Cheio de msicas genricas e sem nenhuma msica realmente boa, o E-MO-TION no transmite emoo alguma a seus ouvintes (que ironia, ein?). O cargo-chefe do lbum  deprimente, assim como as msicas que o compem, e talvez, isso possa explicar o fato do porqu de Rae Jepsen estar to fracassada nas paradas de hoje em dia. Quem em s conscincia vai ouvir isso? S desejo uma coisa para voc: ME-LHO-RAS.",2,35,"Oct 18, 2015"
1,"Lousy album, the only people who like this crap are girls whose ages range from 10-14. The only reason I didn't give it a zero is because Carly can sing, so if all you're looking for is an album by an artist with a good voice this is the one for you. If want to actually listen to real music, don't waste your time with this crap.",1,18,"Aug 26, 2015"
1,"If I Really Like You was not on this album it would be a zero for sure. I was bored, and the songs kind of sounded the same after listening to them all.",1,25,"Aug 25, 2015"
9,"This album is very beautiful! Overall, i still prefer Kiss, i think Kiss is a more catchy disco album, but Emotion is awesome too! Emotion shows more maturity in lyric content and voice, but there are just one or two songs that i really hate (Clack heart is ugly), that's why i prefer Kiss",0,3,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"This album is good and organized. Best songs: Run Away With Me, Emotion, Boy Problems and Making the Most of The Night. 'I Really Like You' was a mistake.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"The album is light, fun, coesco, above all, intelligent, perfectly recreates the 80s, but not to say that the sound is presented barada and forgettable copy. All tracks are good to the bonus fiaxas !!",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
5,"Emotion gives a nostalgic 80's vibe with unique beats and bright vocals it lacks in conveying a clear and unified message. Songs such as Run Away with Me, and Warm Blood gives a light tone with catchy beats. The song with the album title 'Emotion' is lyrically unique in form and mellow in beat. The songs Making The Most of the Night and Your Type' highlight the beauty and brightness of this pop album. Ceratianly better than Kiss (her last album) but songs such as Black Heart and LA hallucinations fail to be consistent with this bubblegum pop explosion.  Still it is one of the Better pop albums in recent years.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Perfecto, mejor album del ao, en mi opinion, cada cancin que conforma este disco son especiales y haran que te pierdas en su msica. Retomare lo que akguna vez akguien dijo, 'Este album es lo que Taulor Swift no pudo hacer con 1989'.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"I love this particular one!!! The best one yet from Carly!!! My fav. tracks are Run Away With Me, I Really Like You, Gimme Love, Your Type, Making the Most of the Night, Warm Blood... My personal fav. BONUS TRACK is Never Get To Hold You!!!!",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Very promising. It starts great with Run Away With Me. Best songs in this album include:
1. Let's Get Lost
2. Warm Blood
3. Gimmie Love
4. When I Needed You
5. LA Hallucinations",0,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"The second best pop album of the year. If it wasn't for LA Hallucinations, the album would be flawless.
Best songs: Warm Blood, Run Away With Me, Emotion, All That, Gimmie Love.
Worst and only bad song: LA Hallucinations.",0,1,"Aug 26, 2015"
10,"Without competition yet, EMOTION is the best album of the year by far, with its amazing production and Carly's outstanding vocal abilities, this album is pop perfection. Clever, catchy, it blows you away.",0,1,"Oct  3, 2015"
8,"I loved the album because she used many faces and rythms of pop so catchy and fun, my favourite of couse is 'Run Away With Me' because makes me wanna fly",0,1,"Aug 30, 2015"
9,"An amazingly solid pop album full of super catchy songs!!! Carly managed to top her previous album, without just recreating the same thing! With a big track list of 17 songs, each one manages to be different yet cohesive, as Carly works her magic onto them all!",0,1,"Aug 30, 2015"
8,"Even though Taylor Swift 1989's profitability has not waned off, the pop music market has to keep on the moving. Carly Rae Jepsen's EMOTION seems to be its next natural step forward, as it is an album that exploits perfectly a well established formula that everyone enjoys: a glittering synthpop with a mix of eighties' italo disco to notch things a little bit up. Former Canadian Idol star, Miss Jepsen delivers the goods quite effectively and coherently, specially in the joyfully opening track, 'Run Away with Me', and the subsequent 'EMOTION'; a little bit down the road in the catchy, Sia Furler co-written track 'Boy Problems', and towards the end in 'Warm Blood', a somewhat more serious song produced by Vampire Weekend's Rostam Batmanglij. Lyrically, the songs are not brainy: shallow verses that allude to romance, relationships and breakups, problems that teenagers the audience of choice, but not necessarily dwell on. But despite the superficiality, the record deserves attention: Carly Rae Jepsen and the production team she surrounded herself with accomplished something good here.",0,1,"Aug 31, 2015"
9,"This effort by Rae Jepsen is definitely making us firmly believe in her as an artist, more than we ever did. E-Mo-Tion is a combination of great and accessible lyrics, great production,and ,as it implies, a lot of emotion. I dare to say it is one of the best POP records of the year and utterly, the most underrated.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
8,"This album is so much fun.  It's like a blast from the past drawing on the 80's dance scene while still staying true to today's pop sound.  Such an improvement over her last album, that it shines a new light on Jepsen and makes me hope that there will be more great albums from her in the future.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2015"
9,"The best pop album of 2015.There is not much to say.All of the songs are good.With this album she  proves that she is not an one hit wonder artist.It's sweet,catchy and .definitely fun.",0,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
6,"As a whole, the album offers a decent enough package; it's generic pop at it's simplest, and while it packs some excellent songs ('Run Away With Me' and 'Gimmie Love') it also proves to have a fair number of dud's ('Let's Get Lost' and 'Black Heart' as well as the title track) yet as an album it's something which I would happily listen to, albeit skipping a couple of tracks.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
6,"Realmente su msica es buen, hay que admitir eso. Los que pasa es que, no logro que su voz me guste del todo. Fuera de eso, el album es muy bueno, con algunas buenas canciones y algunas otras que dejan que desear.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
9,"I don't think anyone saw an album like this coming from Carly Rae Jepsen. Call Me Maybe was an instant hit, but the rest of Kiss (written in a mere three months) seemed like she would just be a one hit wonder. With E-MO-TION, Carly Rae took her time, even delaying the release by over a year, and it definitely paid off. The 80s production is immediately familiar and engaging, and while this album is certainly not inventive or ground-breaking, it does what it does quite well, and that's really all anyone hopes for from a pop album. There are no bad songs on this album, just pure pop bliss from start to finish. I can't say I had very high expectations for Carly Rae before this album, but I'll definitely be paying attention to where she goes from here.
Standout tracks: Run Away With Me (best pop song I've heard in a long time actually), I Really Like You, Let's Get Lost, I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance",0,1,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"I must admit, I didn't have high hopes for her next album. But it surprised me! It's actually really good and really fun. It's well written and well produced. I love the 80s style here as well.
My personal favourites are Run Away With Me, Emotion and Your Type",0,1,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"GENTE DO CU, ESSE ALBUM  UMA OBRA DE ARTE, SIMPLESMENTE O MELHOR ALBUM DE 2015.
ESPERO QUE A BANCADO DO GRAMMY PERCEBA O QUANTO ELE E DIVINO E DE O TO MERECIDO AOY PRA ELE PQ OLHA.... ELE MERECE VIU. CARLYZINHA GANHOU MUITOS PONTOS COMIGO. EMOTION  SIMPLESMENTE FANTASTICO!",0,1,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of the year contracted all the sounds of the 80 its sounds his choruses his magical voice , every song is sophisticatedly made with heart and soul, His best songs allucinations , Gimmie love , love again , Let' s gets lost , Run away with me as the most outstanding song for me",0,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Amazing album. She really impressed me a lot... and that's to say the least. 'All that' is for me one of the very best songs of the year... How come she's been so low profile with an album this good? I don't get it...",0,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
9,"Judged by its cover or its artist, this album might seem like the generic pop album that its lead single was setting it up to be, but it isn't. Emotion is a special record because of its outstanding crew of producers (Vampire Weekend, Devonte Hynes, Ariel Rechtshaid) and its sugar sweet lyricism that matches pitch perfectly with Carly's vocals. This is the best pop album to come out of 2015, and one of the best albums of the year.
Go buy this album. Whether you are a fan of pop or not, there is a moment in this album that'll make you blush, swoon or reminisce about fond memories. BUY IT.",0,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"E-MO-TION  um lbum incrvel. Como uma sonoridade oitentista maravilhosa, canes meigas e um conceito fielmente seguido (desde o inicio do lbum at o fim).  um dos melhores lanamentos de 2015 e merecedor de um Grammy. A Carly est de parabns",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"I love Carly since she released her smash hit 'Call Me Maybe', I saw this girl future, in 2012 she released her album entitled 'Kiss', a commercial album but quality, but nothing to call me so much attention
So this year, she released this masterpiece of pop music, a mix of 'Whitney' with 'Baby One More Time', do not get me wrong, it's like Britney, had released 'Baby One More Time,' with a touch of maturity",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"O que posso dizer sobre EMOTION?  o melhor lbum de 2015, apenas! Todas as msicas tm tima composio e produo, e com os timos vocais da Carly, elas transmitem muita felicidade e positividade. Comparado ao Kiss, podemos ver que tanto as letras como o som da cantora evoluram muito, e ela continuar a melhorar assim. As melhores faixas, para mim, so: Run Away With Me, Boy Problems, Making Most of the Night e Your Type, s para dizer algumas.",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen's E-MO-TION is really the album of the year! This album is a big improvement for Jepsen since Kiss. It really incorporated the retro vibe! And I liked all the songs! Props for Jepsen on creating this album!",0,1,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Que album, que voz, que talento! Merece muito mais reconhecimento... As msicas muito bem feitas, com uma sonoridade meio anos 80/90. Bem retr esse lbum. Parabns Carly.",0,1,"Nov  5, 2015"
10,"Only phenomenal production alone makes it a 5 star worthy! Quantum mechanics was applied to reach such particle-level perfection, I think! Catchy as super hell.",0,1,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"This album is great , it makes me back the 80and 90'. Carly has done a great job with this great album. Maybe he has not had the success that was to have but with this album we know that not yet lost the pop touch that is disappearing lately. The songs are great as in the case of Run Away With Me and Your Type they are beautiful songs of the album, and that talk of Didn't Just Come Here To Dance like a song produced by the same Kylie Minogue. This album minimum should be nominated for Grammy awards. The best pop album of the year and even gave that talk.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Simplesmente o melhor lbum pop do ano, com uma profunda base em Synthpop e clima Oitentista, Pode se observar o um amadurecimento vocal de Carly Rae Jepsen, um lbum simptico que te conquista nas primeiras faixas. Faixas Recomendadas: Run Away With Me, Your Type, All That, I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance, Gimme Love. Boy Problems. Faixas Enjoativas: I Realy Like You, Lets Get Lost, Warm Blood",0,1,"Nov 26, 2015"
10,"The best pop album of 2015. Amazing. Deserves a 100. it's amazing how great this is. Pop music done good. It's a shame it hasn't gotten an actual hit because it's amazing.",0,1,"Dec  1, 2015"
10,"What an incredible album. With many influences including 80s pop, Carly Rae makes a huge leap into the right direction. It's extremely well written, produced, and contrived to leave the listener wanting more and more. There is no bad song on this record, and is in my opinion, a strong contender for Album of The Year. Although not commercially successful, the album is completely genius. 'Run Away With Me' is by far the best pop record this decade.
BEST: Run Away With Me, LA Hallucinations, Warm Blood, Making The Most Of The Night, and Your Type.
10/10",0,1,"Dec  4, 2015"
10,"Having the same production as some biggest pop hits of 2015, Jepsen's album is a masterpiece in pop music, having some inspirations in the 80's and 90's pop music, but failing to be a commercial success and getting a few recognition from critics and public as well.",0,1,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"E-MO-TION, es un lbum fresco, emocional como su propio nombre lo dice. Carly dentro de este nos transporta a un nuevo mundo y exploramos muchas cosas dentro de l. Amor (Your Type, Run Away With Me) Locura (LA Hallucinations, Warm Blood) Amistad (Boy Problems) y mucho ms, en fin es una cspide de emociones y aventuras.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2015"
10,"Pure pop perfection it is. Listening to the whole album is like eating a cotton candy - sweet, young & flossy!
My faves (in order): LA Hallucinations, Making The Most of The Night, Gimmie Love, Warm Blood & Black Heart",0,1,"Jan 13, 2016"
10,"Best pop album of 2015. Making the most of the night, Run Away with me and LA Hallucinations are the best songs in the album. the lyrics are great....",0,1,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"Oh wow this one snatched me from the root!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop
Yes It flopped so hard that even Kiss makes this one look garbage but hey I love garbage! but that's none of my business Period!",0,2,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"Aussi surprenant que cela puisse l'tre, Carly Rae Jepsen a propos un des meilleurs albums de 2015. Avec son ct rtro, cet album nous transporte dans les annes 80 d'une manire absolument bluffante.
Coup de cur vident pour Your Type et I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
9,"one of the most joyous pop albums in a long time, EMOTION is to be taken seriously and defies genre standards while being so fun and cleverly crafted it's hard to resist playing it again and again",0,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
10,"best pop album released in 2015!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Mar 24, 2016"
9,"De longe um dos melhores lbuns de 2015. Carly consegue reunir batidas oitentistas que conseguem soar bem atuais e cativam com letras geniais e maravilhosas. Realmente ela acertou em cheio dessa vez, merece o reconhecimento! #JusticeForEmotion",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Este lbum esta incrvel, a naturalidade dele  um ponto a ser observado, todas as musicas parecem continuas e mantem o mesmo clima, surpreendendo ao longo das faixas, realmente  um lbum pra se ouvir varias vezes.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
8,"This album definitely puts Call Me Maybe to the grave. Truly an exceptional pop masterpiece that is worth being contemplated during it's creative process.
Standout tracks: Run Away With Me, I Really Like You, All That, Making the Most of the Night, Your Type, I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance and When I Needed You.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2016"
10,"To be quite honest, I was vey sceptical towards Carly and this album. I assumed she was yet another one hit wonder, but this album surprised me in every way possible. It's catchy, fun and creative. From start to finish filled with such joy and originality. It's been playing non-stop for weeks and I have a new-found respect for her. It's great to see these new pop-artists evolve and make their own music with such results.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"One of THE best albums of this decade! It is incomparable to any other record, including Carly Rae Jepsen's first album. The beats, lyrics and vocals are on point. This is a good, good, GOOD album that you should buy.
The best songs are La Hallucinations, Run Away With Me, Let's Get Lost, When I Needed You and Making the Most Of The Night.",0,0,"May  4, 2016"
10,"In an era consisting of ininteresting albums and artists only interested in making hits, EMOTION stands out and is probably the best pop album of 2015.
Catchy, great production, great writing, great vocals, everything is here. Carly Rae Jepsen proves herself to be more than the annoying Call Me Maybe singer with this 80s sounding album.
This underrated album by this underrated artist is pure pop genius and anyone who claims to like pop music should give it a listen, and quickly become addicted to its catchyness.
Best songs: Run Away With Me, EMOTION, All That, I Didn(t Just Come Here to Dance, Favourite Color, Let's Get Lost.",0,0,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Vicious poderia ser o titulo do lbum, por ser viciante e que evoluo ela teve do Kiss meio chatinho pra essa maravilha feita.
Perfect Singles: Run Away With Me, All That, Emotion, LA Hallucinations e Your Tipe.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
10,"Best pop album of the year by far. Cohesive and consistent, I can't formulate a list of 'the best songs' on the album because they're all so great. Almost a year later and it's still as fun as the first time.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2016"
7,"7.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"inegvel a sensao gostosa de surpresa que a gente tem ao ouvir o novo disco da canadense, famosa pelo hit ''Call Me Maybe''. Talvez seja por isso que ela tenha sido colocado de forma to subestimada, a menina que aqui era colocada at ento como sombra de um grande hit, surpreende e o saldo ao ouvir o 'Emotion'  somente positivo.
Fica difcil no fazer comparaes ao ''1989'' da Taylor Swift, que tambm resgata a base nas temticas oitentistas. Carly, que nos ltimos meses antes de lanar o 'Emotion', escreveu dezenas de composies, inspiradas em grandes artistas dos anos 80 e em contemporneos como Robyn e La Roux consegue nos deixar em cada faixa, uma sensao de uma poca diferente e nostlgica de uma dcada dominada por gigantes como Madonna, Michael Jackson, Prince e Cyndi Lauper.
A aposta certeira da ex-canadian idol se deu na renovao quase que completa dos produtores do seu disco passado, ''Kiss'', e aqui ela apostou em artistas novos e que esto despontando entre os crticos e adoradores de boa msica como Devont Hynes e Ariel Rechtshaid.
A sensao ao terminar o disco  de como as faixas conseguem serem diferentes, criativas, mas sempre conectadas e sem perder o foco e a linha de raciocnio que inspira todo o conceito do lbum.
Um dos melhores discos em essncia pop da dcada, 'Emotion'  sem sombra de dvidas, inspirador e uma grande evoluo pra artista Carly Rae Jepsen, que agora respira em novos ares.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2016"
10,"EMOTION is easily (along with Florence's How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful) the best album of 2015. Carly Rae Jepsen really worked so hard on this record, and the result of this hard work is apparent in each and every track. Not one song feels out-of-place; not one song is a filler track. Jepsen sings about different subjects, in different perspectives, with lyrics that flow through, and a production so slick, it actually hurts. 'Run Away With Me' is easily my song- my anthem- of summer 2015.
Hands down, Carly Rae, your sophomore album was very-much anticipated, and it really was worth it.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"There is something so perfect about this album it's hard to place exactly what makes it stunning. The songs flow easily into one another with an infectious beat or soaring vocals to make every single one memorable. Even the weaker entries are enjoyable and the strongest entries are incredible.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
10,"This is easily Sparks best work to date. In the 6 year hiatus she seems to have found her place in music and womanhood. With a few corrections and fine tuning she could be a real force. Great body of work!",2,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Jordin has found her sound! This album is easily her best work to date. 11:11, Tell Him That I Love Him, Silhouette and Unhappy are among the best R&B songs of the year.",1,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
0,"Get Selena Gomez album instead of this....that one is way better and proper pop music but if u dont mind the different island pop genre then u can get this...but Selena Gomez is just better",0,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
6,"I have to say this album is not the best album but also not the worst album. It is very listenable and the beat it good. Vocals are good and production also is good.
My score:
1.Work from home 9/10
2. 1000 7/10
3. Right here right now 9/10
4. Double tap 6/10
5. Boyz in the hood 7/10
6. Silhouette 7/10
7. They don't give 5/10
8. Left.. Right 7/10
9. Casual love 6/10
10. Unhappy 7/10
11. Tell him that i love him 8/10
12. 11:11 7/10
13. 100 years 6/10
14. It ain't you 6/10
overall:69.2",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"A really great album, one of the best of him!
It mixes Latino's sound , Pop , Reggae and R&B. Very great songs as 'Back It Up' 'Paris on a Sunny Day' and 'Double Vision', these ones are the best of the album!!! Certainly an album who you like to listen all the tracks.",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
5,"I am a big fan / defender of MS MR's first album and I feel like a lot of the criticism towards it isn't justified. Their second album, however, is underwhelming in almost every way. I read a lot of reviews that said that this album sounds too much like 'Secondhand Rapture' which I completely disagree with. Actually, I would have loved for it to sound like their debut. Instead, most of these songs sound like b-sides or tracks that you would give away for free in exchange for subscribing to an e-mail newsletter. I love 'Painted' and 'Criminals', but everything else ranges from boring to pretty decent.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2015"
8,"This a great collection of connected songs not only about work day life, but also metaphors representing human relationships. Little Boots is not afraid of showing vulnerability in the lyrics. 'No Pressure' and 'Heroine' definetely worth a listen. If I were the boss of this working girl I'd promote her.",5,5,"Jul 12, 2015"
9,"Her EP 'Business Pleasure' was slightly boring and unexpected by the same artist known for dance-pop hits like Remedy & co. Luckily, the unedited tracks balance perfectly the musical equilibrium of the overall album, creating a unique, magnetic charm thanks to the masterful combination of suggestiveness between lyrics and used synth.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2015"
5,"Little Boots have come a long way since 'Remedy' and 'New in town', however the change in her style was quite drastic from her first album to 'Nocturnes' - I liked the second album a lot and it was different and there was still some flashy stuff on there, however 'Working girl' just fell flat for me, there is nothing exciting about this album and I listened to it once compared to her previous work which I killed by the way, unfortunately this album does nothing for me and will put it away for a rainy day. Maybe.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"A welcome improvement from her previous effort, Nocturnes, taking her back to her glorious 2009 days, with slick production and catchy hooks, the album proves to be intriguing and original. Highlights include the title track 'Working Girl' and 'Get Things Done'",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
6,"A decent, if a bit out of place, release from Adam Young as Owl City.  Young continues to thrive on charm and kid-like wit, but at times the fun and games come up a bit tiresome and rough (see the album opener with Aloe Blacc, a cut that sounds awkward given that Young and Blacc are not vocally compatible).  Some collaborations work incredible, especially 'Back Home' that brings in country singer Jake Owens.  Collabs or not, Young has talent to be a star but it seems like he's a bit lost in his attempt to grow and blossom as Owl City.  Still, there's a chance he rights the ship entirely and blows us away with more of the stuff Fireflies came from.",2,2,"Jul 25, 2015"
0,"It all went wrong with Midsummer Station. After I had listened to the whole album, my jaw dropped. 'Was this really made by Adam Young?' was my reaction. I was expecting more of the unique and hard to pin down lyrics that I knew Owl City for. I wanted to hear more electronica style music from him. It made me feel as though someone grabbed hold of him and forced him to make anything but the music he was known for.
Ultraviolet seemed slightly hopeful, maybe Owl City got the message and was regrouping for a better album? I guess not, because then the Mobile Orchestra train wreck appeared. I want to remain hopeful that Adam can someday make another Ocean Eyes-like album, but I'm not holding my breath.
Mobile Orchestra has to be the most confused album I've ever heard from Owl City. There's hardly any consistency in style from song to song, and the lyrics are bland and understandable. Owl City lyrics are not supposed to be like that. If you are a classical Owl City fan, don't bother with Mobile Orchestra, it will disappoint.
There's fine line between chaos and clarity; Owl City used to be able to find that golden line and produced fantastic songs! Perhaps someday Adam will make a comeback after rediscovering that sweet spot? I certainly know he can, but it all boils down to if he wants to.",1,1,"Aug  2, 2015"
3,"As a huge Owl City fan, I'm disappointed with this new album in so many ways I can't even put it into words. I honestly never thought I would ever say this but I could barely listen to all of the songs from beginning to end. I literally had to skip every song, and I couldn't help but hope that the next one would be amazing so I wouldn't feel so bad.
Before Mobile Orchestra I would never say anything like that, there was no 'Oh wow I don't like this song at all' while I was listening to any of his songs, and I mean all of them, including the ones from his other projects. I'm so confused and upset because Adam Young is so talented, I truly can't understand what happened.
To be honest, not all of the songs were actually bad. The gospel ones were the best, but the lyrics. -and before I say anything else: I respect that Adam is a religious person, even though I'm not. I have no interest in any religion, and I'm not the type of person who would say bad things about any religion or judge Adam or anyone for their beliefs - I just couldn't relate to the lyrics and It actually annoyed me, so unfortunately I couldn't listen to those songs either.
I completely understand and accept that people change and that Adam Young has changed a lot. As an artist he will inevitably change his music all the time, just like he has done before. From Ocean Eyes to The Midsummer Station every track was different, but each one was still great you know?
With all being said, what I feel about this album couldn't change what I feel about Adam Young at all, I still love him and admire him with all my heart. I honestly can't believe I've said all of this and I feel so bad, I'm literally gonna listen to Ocean Eyes now for 3 days straight, excuse me",3,4,"Jul 15, 2015"
3,"Just point me at the moment when Adam stopped making fairytales for ears and started to do typical pop-food for 16-years girls. I need to travel back in that time to stop him.",2,3,"Jul 24, 2015"
10,"Adam Young= PURE AWESOME SYNTHPOP. I loved every track especially This Isn't The End and Back Home. His collaborations are the best! This is a must-listen!",2,4,"Jul 12, 2015"
9,"Owl City as come so far and matured. His last few albums felt a bit stale, so Mobile Orchestra is just the right mix of strong lyrics and awesome instrumentals that I've been waiting for",2,4,"Jul 14, 2015"
6,"On his 5th full length (overall, not including EP's sprinkled in between.), Adam Young, the voice and the mind behind Owl City seems to have lost his way, but is determined to find it again.  More than a few publications have referenced the 'twee pop' that he traffics in.  Moreover, they have pointed to the fact that his 2012 effort 'The Midsummer Station' pushed that style to the breaking point.  This is where I diverge from that thought.  That disc did traffic in some of the wispy sentimental gestures that are Young's bread and butter, but it traded the balance between just enough growth and forward looking music, combined with some of that 'twee pop' innocence.  On 'Mobile Orchestra' that trade is gone, and Young is trying too hard to push further ahead, and at times it works, but more often than not he feels uncomfortable in the new shoes he wears, and the strain is painfully obvious.
Mobile Orchestra opens with a sung-to-the-rafters blast of EDM sugar as only Owl City (with help from Aloe Blacc) can do it.  A made-for-graduation-party track, it is a bit overly simplistic, but gets by on that effervescent charm that makes you not care how simplistic it is because you're nodding your head anyways.   The aforementioned troubles start not long after the thumps of the first track end.  'I Found Love' feels torn between 2 purposes.  Is it meant as a worship track?  (As others we'll discuss here clearly are.)  Or is it a love struck paean to a current or former romantic muse?  It seems to tread a limbo between those 2 extremes and never really embraces either, which makes an otherwise well constructed track seem a bit directionless.  'Thunderstruck' is equally stuck in this limbo, as it seems to be not in 2, but 3 separate positions - torn between the romantic muse, the worship track, and the twee pop of his past.  'My Everything' steers the proceedings back into a more grounded position.  On this track, Young blends the classic elements of a garden variety worship track with synthpop touches that are distinctly within his wheelhouse.  It can come across a bit sappy at times, but if we're being honest about most of Owl City's output, some of his best work is dripping in sap.  Not many can make a song sound good when that is the first thought the song inspires.  Nevermind pulling it off when that musical style is fused to a worship song.
Young's Christian faith is more proudly on display on this album, including later on with 'You're Not Alone.'  When all his talk of fireflies and rainbows and candy coated fantasy lands get to be too much, or too tired, this is a neat and tidy place for him to go.  It is something that is meaningful to him, and that clearly informs his passions as a person and as a musician, which results in much more genuine music coming out of that thought.  Certainly more so than the Hanson featuring 'Unbelievable' - which, to borrow another publication's riff on it, sounds like a buzzfeed list of the 90's set to music.  It could play like a fun trip down memory lane, perhaps, but is too obvious and easy, and doesn't really feel like a track where much effort was put into it.
Adam Young pulls off a more profound growth spurt with the album's uncharacteristically dark closer.  'This Isn't The End' appeared earlier as a piece of the 4-track EP 'Ultraviolet.'  Presented here, coming as it does at the back end of a set of largely upbeat tunes, it can come across a bit jarring.  That said, it shows growth that is absent elsewhere.  As Young quietly spins the story of a young girl coming to terms with her father's suicide, there is no doubt left - the twee songsmith who warbled about 'Fireflies' just a few years back - that man has grown, and is willing to go deeper with his music's subject matter than he once did.  How much of a gut punch it will be depends on the person, but it is to his credit that he is trying to stretch beyond his roots.  While still a worthy album, the scattershot first half of this disc is enough to make the listener hope that he finds his balance again by the time album 6 rolls around.",1,2,"Jul 27, 2015"
2,"Ive never been the biggest Owl City fanhe is to me of the same kind as, for example, Passion Pit. Both have a few really strong tracks, but honestly, I cant listen to an entire album of the sugary synthpop they produce, I feel like Im going to get diabetes from it rather than enjoyment. Sitting through an Owl City album or a Passion Pit album to me is a few good tracks and then more of the same, and more, and more, and even more. This is not the case with every single synthpop act (I really like Magic Man, they do something right) but definitely with many of them. The new Prides album which came out a few days ago is similarIm not going to review it, but my thoughts on it in one sentence: the last track is the best one but the rest is just so poppy I cant really sit through it without getting bored and feeling an overwhelming urge to turn it off. Ive also always found Adam Youngs Christian mentality to be a little too obvious in the musicI have nothing against Christian-themed music per se, I really like twenty one pilots new album, but its often so incredibly noticeable that it starts getting in the way.
Owl Citys new album is something different, however. Its a change stylisticallyfrom synthpop with pop rock elements to something closer to the currently popular hybrid of EDM and dance-pop with some other things thrown in. Now lets ask the most important question: does it hold up? Well
NO.
I was not a huge fan of The Midsummer Station, but then again many of the tracks on there were forgettable rather than plainly atrocious. However, one minute in and I was already convinced that this is the worst Owl City release to date. Many of these songs are either boring or even not something I can keep listening to for its whole length of four minutes or less. Ill just go ahead and say that the 30-second title track prelude thing the album starts with is the best track on this record, and that should say clearly enough what a disappointment this album is.
The thing starts off properly with Verge, the lead single (Hey, welcome to the album! Lets start off with the lead single because its accessible!) and a blatant EDM song featuring Aloe Blacc. First of all, the only reason Aloe Blacc is on here is for his name. He contributes absolutely nothing to the song and his vocal lines really remind me of what he does in Wake Me Up by Avicii, only in a much less entertaining way, it even feels like trying to capture some of Wake Me Ups success again at which they absolutely failed if that was the case. And honestly, the rest of the album is that same recipe repeated to death. This Isnt The End is probably the best proper song on here and that track was already released on his 2014 Ultraviolet EP. That is just laziness. In fact, three tracks on here have been on earlier releases, and his last proper album is from 2012. You have so much time and then you just come up with this!? Sorry, but this album just isnt good at all. Ill forget that this exists and hope that Adam Young returns to his roots a little and makes an album that is at least listenable.",0,2,"Jul 12, 2015"
3,"As much I like Owl City, this album is just horribly produced. Like The Midsummer Station, the whole album lacks originality and fails in an attempt to create a commercial pop album, which even the collaborations couldn't save. I am not against gospels, but it would've been better if he made a separate gospel album. The gospels clashed dismally with the pop tracks, creating a cacophony when the album is taken as a whole. Even the lyrics on some tracks, especially those with featured artists, are lazily written, not up to par with Young's usual work. The only element that saved the whole album is Young's heavenly voice, but that fails to cover up the horrid flaws evident in this poorly constructed album.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
9,"I liked his wide range of collaborations with different artists
of different genre in MO. Clearly, his taste of music in this
album was completely new and magical though it lacked in
some areas. Overall, Verge was an eye opening track to
look out for, Back Home delivered us his love for country
songs, Thunderstruck was an excellent EDM, Unbelievable
wasn't good enough but still lyrically superb, Bird with a
broken wing exhilarated me with the uptown pop-funk and
Cant Live Without You was another good EDM. Overall, MO
unleashes a new feel of music, something that Owl City had
never done before. This album may well be the opening of a
new era for Owl City",0,0,"Aug 15, 2015"
6,"A very entertaining album, it still lacks the creativity of Owl City's earlier releases and falls flat in the same ways that its predecessor, the Midsummer Station, fell flat. Following the spectacular release of the Ultraviolet EP, it was definitely a little disappointing.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2016"
4,"This album took everything away that i loved about Owl City. Midsummer Station was still really good in my opinion, it was dreamy, it was still kinda alternative most of the time. But this one kiled it. There are some nice cuts on this thing like I Found Love and Bird With A Broken Wing. They still bring somewhat of a Owl City vibe. The rest is either completely boring or has a sound that carries a 100% commercial purpose. I really dont know why. All Thing Bright And Beautiful is such a great record, Ocean Eyes was great as well. How do you jump from that sound to a such bland and commercial release. Big dissapointment, especially for me, but the album overall is nothing but a  soulless pop album. Its still Owl City but that saves not much.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
7,"Cheesy songs but not bad album. The songs like 'Verge', 'Thunderstruck and 'Unbelievable' and 'I Can't Live Without You' is really energizing. It was kinda a bit disappointing because some of the songs are disappointing but good album.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Adam Lambert has never been shy as a performer.  His first 2 albums 'For Your Entertainment' and 'Trespassing' practically bled glitter right out of the speakers.  But he has come a long way since then.  'For Your Entertainment' was catchy, but felt a bit calculated and all over the place - clearly rushed out to capitalize on the notoriety he'd gained from American Idol.  'Trespassing' had a similar schizophrenic feel, where attempts to keep the variety going made a mess of things in the process, and lead to a less than perfect album.
On 'The Original High' Lambert sounds more at home in his own skin as a pop singer than he has before.  Pulling in Max Martin & Shellback to exec produce helps a great deal as the overall sound feels more cohesive front to back.  This is apparent from the get-go, with the plaintive electric guitar that opens up 'Ghost Town' that later bleeds into a full on synth-pop rave up that is pure un-cut Lambert glitz pouring out of the speakers.  One could also argue that having spent the time he has singing with the surviving members of Queen, that some of their experience has rubbed off on him.  Freddie Mercury was every bit as over the top as Lambert is - the difference was that when he and Queen were at the height of their powers, they knew how to channel that over the top energy into what became some of their biggest hits ever.  Lambert has clearly picked up a few helpful hints from that playbook on this album.  At times, it is simply a learned subtlety he was lacking on previous songs.  Where Trespassing boasted the mawkish and too-forward 'Underneath' - this time around, he offers up a confessional-but-not-really ballad in the form of 'Things I Didn't Say.'  Speaking of Queen, Brian May shows up to add a welcome layer of crunch to the proceedings on 'Lucy.'  It is for all intents and purposes a classic 'girl gone bad' ballad, but having May along to sharpen things up keeps it from turning into just another producer-centric track that would otherwise be quite forgettable.  This is another area where the album shines - Shellback & Max Martin are well known for the pop stars they have worked with before, but here they sound reinvigorated, not as if they are simply copying their past musical soundscapes and just layering Lambert's vocals on top.  Whether that comes from Lambert pushing them with his own talent or just sheer dumb luck, it hardly matters when the end result is so well put together.  This album also features an unexpected thing - the phrase 'haterade' being used in a song and not sounding totally ridiculous (on the Tove Lo featuring 'Rumors')  And while 'Evil In The Night' hails from much the same wheelhouse as 'Ghost Town' - that doesn't make it any less catchy and addictive as a slice of pure pop heaven.  On these songs, Lambert sounds more comfortable in his own skin than he has before.  Between his more intuitive knowledge on how best to use his vocals - be they reserved or switched into skyscraping grandiosity + working with apt pop producers who are able to wrap those vocals in an appealing package, all the sweet spots are hit here with ease.
On The Original High, Lambert is still mining the same territory of love lost, love found, and all the pitfalls and joyous moments in between, but this time he is filtering it with just the right amount of restraint to filter out any mawkishness or awkward moments.  It just flat out works, beginning to end.",3,3,"Jun 19, 2015"
10,"Excellent overall concept, musically and lyrically. Excellent vocal interpretation of the lyrics.  I really don't think any other pop singer comes near Adam's musicality.  Lots of original ideas and surprises for the ear.  Amazing emotion and coherence in each song.  Ghost Town, Lucy, Another Lonely Night, These Boys - not a weak song among them.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2015"
10,"This is a great album, very cohesive. Adam Lambert's vocal ability is beyond amazing, in this album he proves that he can do R&B, Deep House, Rock, folk and anything else. The falsetto in the title track is to die for.",1,1,"Jun 21, 2015"
9,"This album has a lot of great tunes to listen to jam out to and a couple nice ballads.  I like that Adam showed his falsetto and softer tone on many of these songs, although we all know his power is what sets him apart from the rest.  There were a few below average/bad songs like Heavy Fire and These Boys, but as a whole this album is great.",1,1,"Jun 22, 2015"
10,"This is easily Adam Lambert's most cohesive album to date, and a formidable achievement vocally, artistically and sonically. Ignore the (mostly undeserved) critical carping about its lyrics, and revel in the versatility displayed here by one of the finest male voices in Pop today. The title track is especially noteworthy, and should in time become Lambert's signature song.",1,1,"Jun 23, 2015"
10,"Good job, Adam ! Heavy Fire, The Original High and Ghost Town  Arrasooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooou",1,1,"Jun 27, 2015"
10,"Once again, this highly underrated album proves that Adam Lambert is an artist to watch. Truthfully, the album strives when it's in beast mode, unleashing wickedly catchy EDM tunes. The dark tone of the entire record and its theme of loneliness is what makes it so endearing. Lambert is less theatrical, vocally and personally, but this subtlety is in his favour as it makes him more approachable. Unfortunately, one of the best songs of 2015, The Light, situated at the end of the album, will not get 'the light' it deserves. The track along with the rest of this record will sadly remain in the dark as their generic-pop counterparts continue to dominate the charts.",1,1,"Oct 21, 2015"
10,"While there are a few missteps--Mr. Lambert doesnt have the R&B sultriness required for Underground, and Rumors bizarrely cribs the jaunty synth pattern from Lil Waynes Lollipop--there are almost no extravagances. After years of spectacle, Mr. Lambert may have been saved by modesty. - The New York Times",1,1,"Nov  8, 2015"
10,"'The Original High' is a truly fine album - musically, lyrically and vocally superb - Lambert has the finest male voice in the biz today and there is nothing on radio today like this - a winner in every respect -",4,5,"Jun 16, 2015"
6,"I like the Adam Lambert this way, little toned down, but overall this album is not GRAMMY material, lazy lyrics. Favorite tracks: There I Said It, Shame, Evil in the Night.",2,5,"Jun 17, 2015"
4,"Considering Adam Lambert is possibly the best male vocalist of the last decade, I have high standards for his work. The taste he has in his own music creation just doesnt do his own talent justice. The Original High is a downgrade compared to the first two albums. Not one song on the album will have life for longer than a year. I just heard the song 'what do you want from me' on the radio a couple of weeks ago. No chance any songs off the Original High album will have that sort of life which is a shame. With Adam's vocal ability, he could easily own a song that lasts a decade if he didnt insist on campy dance beats where they done belong (title track), and creative freedom. Adam and his fans would scoff at this notion, but Adam Lambert is simply an incredibly talented and versatile vocalist, but a horrible musician. His studio covers from American Idol outdo any of his original songs by miles. If he really wanted to make a game changing album, he would have to surrender all creative freedom, hence why his first album is his best so far.",1,3,"Jun 24, 2015"
6,"Lambert has personality and a great voice, but the songs in The Original High play very safe and not very exploit their lyrics and the singer's voice. None of the songs are bad, but none of them are really good too.",0,2,"Jun 20, 2015"
9,"When the last Adam Lambert record, Trespassing, was released, I would have counted Adam among those artists. I did listen with an open mind though and was blown away by the record. I ended up becoming somewhat of a fan. I, in no way, would call myself a Glambert, but I do have a much better respect for his music than before.
With that said, Adam is ready to release his new record, The Original High. I find myself once again sitting here listening with an open mind wondering if he will be able to top the last record. Lets take a musical journey through this record, song by song.
1) Ghost Town: this was the first song released. Upon first hearing it, I absolutely LOVED the opening but HATED the sort of techno style breakdown in the chorus. Upon a few more listens though, it sort of grew on me and I dont hate it now. Not the direction I would have went, but I can respect it for what it is. The lyrics are great though and Adams voice is in fine form.
2) The Original High: The title track. This song immediately grabs you with a sort of funky, electro-rock vibe wrapped in an almost Disco style bounce. Great vocal delivery here that is catchy as hell. The beat really wins for me though. This is infectious.
3) Another Lonely Night: The first of the slower tunes. Restrained vocals to open that launch into a nice subtle beat. The song moves along nicely and is pretty catchy, as well. This would make a great late night cruising tune.
4) Underground: A slower jam that really grabs with a fine vocal performance. A bit more laid back but still very emotional in depth. I dig the more laid back style of this one.
5) There I Said It: wow! What a hammer of a tune! My favorite so far. The emotional depth of his voice and lyrics on this is off the freaking scales! Same kind of impact that Runnin had from the last record. This is the kind of song that future singers will be singing in auditions. Worth the price of the record alone.
6) Rumors: This song features the first of two features on the record. This one features Tove Lo singing along side Adam. This is a fun song that is a middle finger to the haters that spread rumors. Their voices work perfectly together and Adam really lets it fly here without sounding all gospel-ish. A great song that I can see getting airplay on R & B radio.
7) Evil In The Night: This tune is another with winner written all over it. An almost Mark Ronson style funky jam with some monster Adam vocals laid over it. The chorus of this one just works as well. Id love to see a remix of this one featuring Adam and Bruno Mars.
8) Lucy: The second of the feature songs, this one with Brian May of Queen. I dig this, it has an almost Dirt Diana sort of thing going on without copying it in any way. Some pretty big vocals here as well. Brian turns in a big, fat guitar solo as well that puts the song on that next level. A great change of pace for the record.
9) Things I Didnt Say: A nice electro rocker that comes across as kind of bland in comparison to the earlier songs. Not a bad song, mind you. Im sure some people will like it, just doesnt have that same impact the other songs have had so far.
10) The Light: A decent dance style tune that should get people on the floor to dance. Has a good beat and good vocals.
11) Heavy Fire: A good song to end the record on. Nice restrained style vocals with a heavy beat to drive the song home. It has a great fade out as well.
So, what are my finals thoughts?
This is Adam doing what Adam does. The vocals are all over the place but NOT in a bad way. He uses his range and experience to really take you on a roller coaster ride through these songs. He hits all the emotional checkpoints along the way to really make you feel what youre listening to.
After such a monumental last record, I wasnt sure he could top it. I think in a lot of ways, he might not ofbut again, not in a bad way. This one doesnt have quite the instant feel that the last one had. This one has a bit more depth, both lyrically and musically. It has a monster mix to it that really is great. It sounds like a million bucks on surround sound speakers while having some beautiful, crisp highs and lows in the mix.
I also feel that this one has plenty of room to grow as well. While theres a couple of the songs toward the end that didnt blow me away, they werent bad songs either. Maybe theyll grow on me like the first one did. I do know that the trio of the Title track, There I Said It, and Rumors are worth the price alone that youll spend on this. All three should be smash hits for Adam and deservedly so.
So, final score. Lets give this one a 9 out of 10. Things I Didnt Say and The Light didnt blow me away but the early songs MORE than make up for that. The mix is crystal clear and sounds really big. Great length for your money without being overly long. This should go a long way to making Adam an even bigger star than he already is.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2015"
10,"From to the multi-platinium hit Ghost Town and it's 'little brother' Another Lonely Night to the three b-tracks After Hours, Shame and These Boys, this album goes exactly like a big box of your favorite candy.you got all for yourself. It's uplifting, dance-friendly and full of real emotion. It's not hard to see that Adam is super passionate about the album and his listeners. It added up, 10/10. You go, Adam!",0,0,"Dec 22, 2015"
10,"His best lbum, it's so solid and his vocals are in the point. Is without of questions one of the best male vocalist of this generation. The singles are amazing.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2015"
8,"Adam Lambert is the future of pop music. He's got the voice and the attitude. This album is here to prove this. At times (in the song 'Shame') he sounds like Michael Jackson. He rocks!
Favourite tracks - Ghost Town, Shame, There I Said It, Lucy
Jewel of the album - Ghost Town",0,0,"Jun 19, 2016"
8,"After the wild success of 'Some Nights' Ruess follows up with this. A fun ride from start to finish but it feels very similar to Fun.  'Grand Romantic' feels like it's missing something, namely Antonoff and Dost.",2,2,"Jul  9, 2015"
9,"Nate Ruess's debut solo album 'Grand Romantic' is ever so beautiful and lovely divine as the title describes it as xD! One of the best things done right in this album is the extremely lovely atmosphere Nate has created in this album here it has a divinely beautiful feel but at times kind be heartwarmingly sad and melancholy. But the thing that stands out the most is the lyrics and melodies within these 12 lovely crafted songs. Songs like 'AhHa' remind me of a true Fun. song and other songs like 'You Light my Fire' is an uptempo fun song to dance to and jam. Songs I thought that really gave pure emotion were 'Great Big Storm' and 'Grand Romantic' and 'Brightside'. In the end there's really not much to negate or say bad about this album honestly it nails every key point in being a great album. Final verdict: 'Grand Romantic' doesn't feel like another Fun. album and Ik Nate Ruess didn't intend it to be cause it's something more honestly, it's him being himself and telling an amazingly divine story within this beautiful colorful creative and lovely one of a kind album here that deserves attention. After listing to this album you will truly find the 'Grand Romantic' in you :) 9.6/10",1,1,"Jun 21, 2015"
10,"We all know the songs that fit the norm, and we know the ones that challenge it. Nate Ruess does a fantastic job in this album generating an authentic and catchy sound that oddly does not always sound pleasing to the ear. Some songs like 'AhHa' upon its first listen come off as a bit abrasive, but after only a few additional listens it sounds like a brilliant derivative of his old band's masterpiece 'Some Nights'. If you liked fun you will like this. I always find it humorous to browse through negative reviews put in by people who never liked his style in the first place. I have no doubt Nate Ruess and his powerful voice is one of the greatest of the Alternative Rock genre today. The album probably deserves a 9 or 8 but I decided to give it a 10 to combat the negative scores.",1,1,"Jul 12, 2015"
5,"This is not a bad album by any means, but it's not very memorable, the lyrics are fairly boring and the style gets repetitive when you're through. Aside from the absolutely atrocious opener 'AhHa' (seriously, I can't stand that laugh) everything else here is just a fine enough bunch of indie pop love songs, but nothing I've never heard before, and then there's the track with Beck, which I actually really like. I don't think I'll remember this album in a month, but it's not terrible, just not in any way does it reach a real peak that grabs my attention except for the track with Beck.",1,4,"Jun 16, 2015"
2,"Oh no! I loved Nate Ruess back in Fun. and I still admire his voice but this album really had no 'oomph' like 'Some Nights' did. Really disappointing. I certainly hated the Fun. undertones and sampling that are like a constant 'remember me, I was in Fun. Support me!'.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"I loved Lungs and Ceremonials so much. F+TM are one of my favorite bands ever so I was super amped up for How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful with the 4 year wait and boy did Florence and Co. deliver. This album is instantly my favorite of the year so far and maybe one of my favorites all time. They found a perfect balance between Lungs and Ceremonials best parts with new elements added in. My favorites are Ship To Wreck, What Kind Of Man, How Big How Blue How Beautiful, Queen Of Peace, Various Storms & Saints, Long & Lost, St. Jude, Which Witch, basically the entire album is fantastic.",16,27,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"I think all her albums have had a great progression and this one course has the deep lyrics we come to expect from Florence while still being something new. I'm still listening to the album, I like to really listen, and the ones that have least caught my attention are Storms & Saints, Caught, Long & Lost. But normally I come back to songs after I've really listened to my favorites (on repeat lol). I am shocked that people think St. Jude is boring, its a very beautiful song. The line 'Maybe I've always been more comfortable in chaos' just grabs you! It reminds me of 'Only If For A Night' I really love it. I guess to each their own. There is less cosmic-ness and is somewhat softer, but overall it has a great mix of instrumentals and vocals. I am actually happy its not too much like Ceremonials. For me Cosmic Love, Shake It Out, and now - What Kind of Man are masterpieces but I love so many songs almost just as much, so hard... I think Third Eye is super adorable and Delilah is awesome. I am glad to add this to my collection and hope she has a concert in my area.",4,4,"Jun 22, 2015"
10,"I have anticipated this album for far too long! First of all, the album cover is beautiful. Simple, geometric and clean. Moving from that, of course the actual review.
To be fair, when I first heard songs like 'Ship to Wreck' and 'What Kind of Man', it occurred to me that it was very different from Lungs or Ceremonials. I felt sort of weird and unsettled because of this newness that was presented to me. It is not the kind of album that I love immediately, but it grows on you. I started humming melodies and remember lyrics out of no where.
Her vocals have obviously toned down relative to Ceremonials and though I prefer the intensity and sheer power her voice delivered in Ceremonials, lyrically it was dark, yet beautiful and personal. To an extent, a story was narrated through their songs and words. I really appreciate this album, the amount of time and effort put into it.
Once again, bravo Florence + The Machine",3,3,"Jun 22, 2015"
8,"After Lungs came Ceremonials, which although very grand in scale with some brilliant high points, had plenty of meandering lows. Thankfully, this is not the case with Florence's new offering.
It marks an extremely reassured and well implemented change in direction in her sound. The orchestra is still there, but has faded away a little into the background. In it's place are thumping drums, rhythmn and a new soul themed sound. The opener ''Ship to Wreck'' is perhaps an example of the old Florence; more of the ceremonials sound, but carried off with confidence. ''What kind of man'' sets the tone for most of the album; a big, clappy, guitary shout of a song. ''Queen of Peace'' is a beautifully constructed song, completed with brass section in the background and drums and electric guitar wailing away in the foreground. The albums slower songs also work remarkably well, and are among the most noteable on the album. Florence seems to have found a new subtlety to her voice, which wails less and seems more rich than before. This is especially in evidence on the beautiful ''Various storms and lovers'' and ''St Jude'', the latter of which seems so good that it has been around in our subconscious for years.
The album falters a little when Florence tries to hard, noteably closing instrumental section of the title track (which is basically just a bit too arty farty, thank you) and perhaps on the closer, ''Mother''. By and large though, this is impressive stuff carried out with real maturity and confidence.",2,2,"Jul  6, 2015"
10,"esse album  um hinario de deus, como deus  lindo cantando gente, cd maravilhoso cheio de hinos! e a Florence tem uma voz incrivel, hinario que mereceu +100 verde tour",1,1,"Sep  4, 2015"
10,"A stunning, beautifully crafted album which ties together so many themes - life, love, self-destruction, longing, creation, connection to something bigger, transcendence, nature, duality. Her voice has never been more powerful and more free.
Be sure not to miss out on the glorious deluxe tracks.
You need to hear this record.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2015"
9,"Oh dear, where to begin? I love her ability to give goosebumps and shed my tears in her sadder songs on this track (absolutely spectacular) and the ability to suddenly make me get up and dance to 'What Kind of Man' or 'Delilah'. And my favorite is either 'Delilah' or 'Queen of Peace', I can't decide. I love the bonus tracks too! Weakest one...'As Far As I Could Get'",1,1,"Jun 16, 2015"
7,"Florence really is still one of the best songwriters of our time and on this album we can see all its profound beauty and giant!
Clearly, this isn't their best album, but still remains increasingly surprising on vocals, the way to engage the listener and take over the job beautifully.
'How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful' is a simple and common album, without much juggling with 'Cerimonials' 's style. They sought to keep the essence of what is Florence + the Machine, of what the band is made. They showed how great, deep and attractive they may be.
Songs like 'Ship to Wreck', 'What Kind of Man', 'Queen of Place,' 'Delilah' and 'Third Eyes' make the album reach their peak of perfection, but not everything is a sea of flowers, so the album also has songs that makes him get a little boring and tiring, as 'Long & Lost', 'Caught', 'St Jude' and 'Hiding'. There aren't bad songs, just went weak compared to the others songs of the album.
Finally, we can say that the band continues following full quality without losing its roots, now coming simplistic and formal, rather than risk the explosions and power of the others two albums 'Lungs' and 'Ceremonials'. Very good!",13,17,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"Although I still personally think the harp should have been included in much of the songs as they cry for them, this album (including all extra tracks in any edition) boast a balanced sound with the instruments being used in place accordingly. The flow of the moods from high to low, still go hand in hand. The use of brass is magnificent in its own kind. Despite what people say, this is still Florence with all the power she had, just in another form.",3,4,"Jun  6, 2015"
7,"Although the album represents a confirmation of the fact that the band has a remarkable capacity for expression in their music, in addition to their talent in composing and songwriting, 'How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful' confuses the listener in different moments. Besides due to lyrical reasons, also because if compared to their previous works, it appears to be more sperimental and infected of several genres. If nothing else, it tries in every way to not be boring, but deep and, obviously, full of feelings and intriguing metonymies.",6,9,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"Florence + The Machine learnt a great deal when she performed at London's Prince Albert Hall in 2012.  Florence learned that you do not have to wail at full throttle to be entertaining, sometimes less is better.  HB, HB, HB brings much of that performance at Prince Albert performance to this album, the restrained vocals, the french horns, a deliberate and crafted musicality - it is simply sublime.  It is an album that has to be performed live and I can't wait to see it come to life.
F + TM are once again very sharp and prove that they are more than ample support to the amazing vocals of Florence Welch.  Lyrically the songs are lesser focused on epic metaphor and more focused on expressing heartfelt meaning.  In this regard, the album feels more genuine, more real than Ceremonials and Lungs.
There are no fillers on this album, there are a diversity of styles and sounds which makes Florence fearless because she conquers all of them.
Each time I listen to HB, HB, HB (five times this morning) I have a new favorite.  Right now it is 'Caught' but the tracks that I keep going back to are 'Queen of Peace', the psychedelic sounding 'Mother' and the very punchy 'Ship to Wreck'.",4,6,"Jun  5, 2015"
10,"Florence has hit the jackpot with this beautiful cd of lost love songs.Immerse in it...so perfect and vocally crisp.A must-buy.Warm and cohesive listen.",4,6,"Jun  8, 2015"
8,"Another good album from Florence + the Machine. Her vocals sound great as ever and these songs will be amazing live. Definitely worth a listen and a few replays..",3,5,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"A stunning album with songs that initially sound 'smaller' than those on Ceremonials, but in fact warm to one's heart and puts it back together after ripping it apart. Absolutely mind-blowing. Lovely.
Highlights - 'Caught', 'Queen of Peace'",4,7,"Jun  4, 2015"
8,"I haven't been a huge fan of Florence + the Machine, but she's won me over with this album. Lungs was alright, but it lacked cohesion and was sort of a mixed bag. Ceremonials was better and had some great songs, but it was a little exhausting since it felt like every song was trying to be a showstopper. With HBHBHB, Florence has found the right balance between the two and has crafted an album that explores different styles while still managing to have a great flow. There are some grand moments that are very typical Florence (such as the title track with the brass instrumentals), but there are also moments of restraint that make it a very interesting and ultimately pleasing listen.
The only song I skip over is St. Jude. The rest of the album (including the deluxe edition) is good though, and the standout tracks for me are Ship To Wreck, Queen of Peace, Third Eye, and Hiding.",3,6,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"Florence + The Machine sleep and wake up with all the amazing things how they ever do, it is a little of rock-dance, so special, lovely, big, blue and beautiful.
One more time they show us that we can wait a long time for a new record !",3,6,"Jun  5, 2015"
8,"Less eclectic than 'Lungs,' less bombastic than 'Ceremonials,' Florence + The Machine's latest album is more focused on introspection than those previous efforts, which sound more like escape attempts. 'How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful' shines with some of Florence's best, most unflinching lyrics, though the shift in style might leave some fans pining for a bit more of the old bombast.",2,4,"Jun  7, 2015"
7,"It's been a while since the last time we had a new Florence album. Don't get me wrong, I respect an artist that needs more than a year to record a masterpiece. But I'm talking about 'Ceremonials'. I can understand that you cannot always deliver the best of you and, above all, you're just human, for God's sake. I was partly misguided by the charms of the 'What Kind Of Man' first single and its video, cause I thought 'You bloody British soulful b***h, you outdid yourself once again'. But when I actually listened to the new album more than five times, it came to me: 'her emotions have surpassed her musical expectations'.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/05/florence-machine-how-big-how-blue-how.html",3,7,"Jun  2, 2015"
8,"This album is really good. 'Florence + The Machine' 'How Big How Blue How Beautiful' is the band best album. A very great pop album with outstanding vocals and lyrics from Florence Welch.",2,5,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"In terms of greatness, How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful picks up where Ceremonials last left off, 4 years ago. Florence and her machine are back stronger than ever, but as the same time, more vulnerable than ever. The record doesn't contain the big orchestral sounds featured on the band's second effort, however the stripped-down sound really matched them. After Florence's break-up with her boyfriend, this pack of songs sound like the most personal thing she has ever done. The best songs on the album are Queen of Peace and Ship to Wreck, while other standouts include Various Storms & Saints, Third Eye and Delilah (and all of the rest of the album actually). Fans will be very pleased, and people who not know her will love her. The record sounds great. Great vocal performance, sharp lyrics, sweeping production. Everything you look for in a Florence record is there. Buy it! 10/10.",5,13,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"Florence + the machine  uma das maiores e mais diferentes bandas oriundas do UK que alcanou grandes conquistas e criticas positivas de diversos lugares do mundo com o seu lbum debut ''Lungs'' contendo uma singularidade e um som mais organico, diferente da singularidade do segundo album de estudio da banda ''ceremonials'' com sons mais obscuros, melancolicos e composies bastantes profundas como ''What The Water Gave Me'' e a grandiosa ''Shake It Out''. O Terceiro album de estudio, lanado essa semana (02/06/2015) em todo o mundo trs mais uma singularidade e reinveno no s da sonoridade e composio mas tambem todo o estilo da vocalista Florence Welch, que utiliza vocais mais potentes e algumas tcnicas nunca usadas em seus albuns anteriores, mostrando a grande evoluo sofrida. Esse  um album de contedo bastante interessante, acompanhado de singles com ligaes audiovisuais, composies que em alguns momentos retratam desde  depresso e sentimentos verdadeiros durante um romance  sentimentos de superao e conquistas. Na minha opinio de f esse album vai estar sempre presente em minhas playlists e j  um dos meus favoritos, e se for para listar minhas favoritas  quase impossivel pois cada faixa  um conto, um sentimento, um momento, e eu creio que vai figurar em muitas listas de ''Melhores do Ano 2015''.",3,8,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"Best album yet from F+TM. Lyrically it's amazing. Production is good, but not amazing.
Best Song: Third Eye
Standouts: Ship To Wreck, What Kind of Man, HBHBHB, Which Witch, Queen of Peace
Worst Song: None.",3,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"Developed, intruiging stilistically, excellent vocals and a tremendous display of variety. I'm aware that a solid 10 is a ridiculous score, but despite my thorough disliking of some of the songs (mother, caught, delilah), this album might be her finest creation yet (hard to say as they are all pretty good)
best songs: long and lost, various storms and saints, queen of peace, what kind of man",3,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"I waited almost 4 years for this album and i'm so happy with the result. How big, How blue, How beautiful is instantly my favorite of the year. F+TM are one of the best bands of our time. I'm just in love",4,11,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"If the purpose of Florence was to prove that it remains a songwriter and artist **** even when it decides to confront demons not fictitious, but her own, she could. 'HBHBHB' exception to all previously clichs taxes, starting with the title, which is not this time a single word, and the still ethereal air, but not as fanciful as well new video clips. I still think the Victorian goth last more pleasant and attractive album, but if there's one thing we can ascertain all this bleak black-and-white Odyssey is: the only way to combat your fears and weaknesses is, well, assuming them, Florence Welch and this makes an unprecedented mastery and elegance.
We're cheering for Various Storms & Saints, Delilah and Third Eye being singles.",2,6,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"Amazing Album! Florence just doesn't dare to disappoint. I loved the sweet and sad Various Storms and Saints and Long & Lost, the powerful rhytm and lyrics of Queen of Peace and Delilah. She is just as vocally powerful as ever",3,12,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"Such an emotional and heartwrenching album. It's my Album of the Year so far, behind it would be Vulnicura, another break-up album. These kind of albums understand how it feels like to have your heart spit out like bubblegum, and so they hit harder than records by Katy Perrys or Taylor Swifts.",2,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"It's jarring if you're a hardcore Flo fan at first but after a few listens it is brilliant. You have to get your head around the difference of this album and her others before however when you appreciate the album in its glory then it is perfect and very enjoyable.",2,8,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"This is incredibly personal and beautiful album by Florence + The Machine while still maintaining some of the upbeatness from Lungs and the darkness from Ceremonials",2,9,"Jun  2, 2015"
0,"I love Florence + the Machine, but I cound not get this one... I don't know. I expected sooooo much, but now I'm desappointed, frustrated and disconsolate. I'll still listen What Kind of Man, Delilah and Ship To Wreck, because they are amazing musics, but the rest of the album... I pass, I'm so sorry... :(",11,52,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"THE MOST AMAZING ALBUM I'VE LISTENED IN A WHILE.The lyrical content, the instrumentals and the voice, everything form this record is diamond!!!From the first time listening to What Kind Of Man I knew this album was going to be excellent, this is my general thought, you might find another reviews that say the album is regular and only the singles are the worthy ones or maybe they'll say that Ceremonials was better.This album has a brand new different sound and if you are a indie rock/pop lover you'll love it,I'm sure of that :D 10/10",2,10,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"How Big, How Blue How Beautiful is a top level album and will stay in the history of music as
one of the most heartfelt albums ever recorded.
Florence managed to capture the raw emotion of her heart with this album and being honest with herself is just what we (the fans) needed to hear in the band's new album. The opening tracks are just a little treat compared to the rest of the album. Both ''What Kind Of Man'' and ''Ship To Wreck'' are two different sounds, two different stories from Florence's destructive personality. Treat yourself with those alternative gems.
Songs like ''Various Storms and Saints'' and ''St Jude'' can tell us how bad was her mental break down last year. ''The patron saint of the lost causes'', ''And the air is full of various storms and saints'' -
the pain is felt in the songs so strong that bites into your skin and leave you helpless.
Despite the happy tune of ''Delilah'' the song is metaphorical written. It tells us another destructive moment from Florence's life experience.
''Caught'' and ''Long & Lost'' mit an ethereal melancholy that embraces you and departeth you from all your problems. Slow tunes which need time.
The title song and ''Queen Of Peace'' are probably one of the best songs made by FATM. Telling us
fairy stories, these songs send you  in a mystical world of magic and freedom. The composition is on top level here.
''Third Eye'' and ''Mother'' are two completely different tunes. While the psychodelic sound of ''Mother'' could make you goose bumps, ''Third Eye'' speaks directly in your face- '' You don't have to be a ghost here amongst the living. You are flesh and blood''.
The band sought to keep the essence of their magic. FATM gave us their next big thing. More honest than ''Ceremonials'' and bigger than ''Lungs''. HBHBHB is ready to take the throne.",2,10,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"The almost whole album have some 'Shake it Out' and 'Spectrum' (songs of the 2011 previous album, 'Ceremonials') beats. Songs like 'Third Eye', 'Caught' and 'Hiding' remind us the first album of the band, 'Lungs'. But, in general, all the sound experience of Florence's potent voice, combined with the incredible instrumental stuff of 'The Machine', is grateful as hell.",2,10,"Jun  2, 2015"
4,"Not nearly as solid and coherent as Ceremonials  and the main songs are not at the level of Lungs singles, this is such a disappointment specially with songs like HBHBHB",0,1,"Jun 14, 2015"
8,"What a wonderful masterpiece. This is the first Florence + the Machine album I hear and I really liked it, specially the songs 'What Kind Of Man', 'Caught', 'Storms & Saints' and 'Ship To Wreck'. Florence's voice is pretty good. Let's go hear Ceremonials!",0,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
10,"'How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful' without a doubt is the second best Florence disc after Ceremonials. Without losing its essence, Florence bet more on alternative rock and nailed it. One of the best works of the year so far, Florence + The Machine deserves all the recognition in the world.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
9,"Florence has delivered a raw, introspective album after her grandiose sophomore album 'Ceremonials' and has once again delivered, with many lyrical gems hidden throughout the songs.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2015"
9,"Much better than Ceremonials and Lungs!
simply Loved...................
Best songs '' Ship To Wreck '' '' What Kind of a Man '' '' How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful '' and Which Witch",0,0,"Jun 14, 2015"
7,"It is clear that F+TM would never make another album better than LUNGS. But HBHBHB could still be considered a satisfying one. The arrangements are kind disappointing without harps.
Recommended: Hiding; Caught; Third Eye.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2015"
10,"Ship To Wreck: 10/10 - What Kind of Man: 10/10 - How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful: 10/10 - Queen of Peace: 10/10 - Various Storms & Saints: 10/10 - Delilah: 10/10 - Long & Lost: 9/10 - Caught: 6/10 - Third Eye: 10/10 - St Jude: 9/10 - Mother: 10/10 -D.LX.(Bonus Tracks) - Hiding: 8/10 - Make Up Your Mind: 10/10 - Which Witch (Demo): 10/10.
Honestly, this album was pretty amazing. My favorite. Better than Ceremonials which was my previously favorite.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2015"
7,"The Intensely beautiful sound of Florence Mary Leontine Welch does not disappoint in this new album... though I think the album starts off stronger than it ends, I am inevitably left feeling moved with the album as a whole. I especially think 'Ship To Wreck' and the album's title song are particularly moving.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2015"
10,"Although the first songs that came out sound less orchestral that typical FATM, the whole album doesn't disappoint at all. What surprised me the most is that some of the most intense songs are bonus tracks.
Personal favorite: Which Witch (and it's wind arrangements).",0,0,"Jul 21, 2015"
6,"No boundries are pushed here.  Welch sounds the same as she did on the over produced 'Ceremonials' which is a shame because I find her voice to be annoying and redundant now.  'Third Eye' is the best song on the whole album, but even that one song coulden't save this ship from sinking.  The biggest disappointemnt of 2015 by far.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"A perfect contribution by Florence + the Machine to the music. This album is a big jump in Florence's career because of the composition and lyrics that contains. The songs are amazing and the sounds of every one is such an hypnotic thing that you can't stop hearing. Very recommended. The best songs for me are 'Ship to Wreck', 'What Kind of Man', 'Queen of Peace' and 'Third Eye'.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
5,"How Big, How Blue, How....Boring?
Ignore the blind devotees who would give Flo sitting on a keyboard, 10/10. This album is not like the others.
Shouty and by-the-numbers, 'HBHBHB' really lacks the  thrilling tunes of her previous two releases. I adore those albums. I saw her live in Sydney a couple of years ago. So I'm a pretty big fan. But there's no 'Shake it Out' here.
Lead singles 'Ship To Wreck' and 'What Kind of Man' fall so flat melodically, that it leaves our Flo sounding more like a foghorn blaring over the sea.
The only spark akin to her previous work, is 'Queen of Peace' - complimented by a beautiful string section, it is memorable, sweeping and epic (check out the video too). The rest though, fluctuates between OK and mediocre.
Not every album can be a classic though. So I will continue to ride the waves with her, to see where she goes next.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
9,"I was waiting a long for this and I'm not disappointed, this is great, I'm in love with Third Eye. I still don't know which is my F+TM favorite album because they are all great!!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful is the band's best record yet, as they create even grander musical statements but with less musical instruments. This album also contains a brass section in its third track which is the second best musical moment of the entire year, second only to Kendrick's 'U' in To Pimp a Butterfly.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2015"
8,"This record returns to the sound of Lungs in a lot of ways, abandoning some of the heavy electronic sounds in Ceremonials.
It doesn't have as quick an impact as either of her previous records. Some songs feel like filler, but it grows on you over time.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2015"
10,"This album is for gods... I love every single song in it, Florence + The Machine has done a great job. For a moment I thought that I was listening to Angels to sing and play their harps.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
10,"We waited so much time for this! And it delivers! Its so different from the 2 other albums, yet its so Florence! I bet this album is gonna be nominated for best album at the Grammys next year, its one of the only ones that receives praise by both critics & fans!",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
10,"My favourite band of all time! Wonderfully emotional, with contrasting loud indie rock anthems (What Kind of Man, Delilah) and soft pop/soulful ballads (St. Jude, Various Storms & Saints). Definitely their most commercial album yet with songs like Ship to Wreck, I guess created to appeal to a wider audience. I really cannot fault it.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful tem msicas fortes que te levam ao extremo com What Kind of Man, Queen of Peace, Delilah e Ship To Wreck e serenas que acalmam a alma como Long & Lost, St Jude.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Couldn't stop playing this album when it came out. I adore Florence, she's a very talented music with an amazing discography. I would say it didn't top Lungs and Ceremonials for me, but that's just me. My personal favorite is Various Storms & Saint - which is now in my top 3 Florence songs.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2016"
10,"Florence and the Machine, thank you for great job! 'HBHBHB' - best album of 2015! I love this song! It's best album F+tM! Good luck om Grammy, Flo! XXX",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork Pisou na Bjork",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"To profundo  o seu contexto ,HB  um lbum que envolve mais do que letras com intuito de fazer sucesso mas sim , toda a filosofia de Florence dentro de suas msicas  e isso faz com que seus trabalho seja to lindo e inigualvel",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
10,"HB , sem dvidas, um dos cinco melhores lbuns que eu j escutei. Cada msica  nica e cada segundo desse lbum  mgico e encantador. Florence encarou vrios desafios para fazer esse lbum, desde deixar que no colocassem nenhum efeito em sua voz (que est mais deslumbrante do que nunca) at deixar de beber para terminar a composio das canes. 'Which Witch', 'Delilah', 'Queen Of Peace', 'Caught' e 'Third Eye' so as melhores, mas afirmo, todas so maravilhosas.",0,0,"May 23, 2016"
10,"the fact that they did a film for the album it's fantastic, i think that 'How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful' it's really over 'Lungs' and 'Ceremonials', why?, well, the production of songs like 'Ship To Wreck' or 'What Kind Of Man' are really great, they combine a lot of instruments as the album goes on, it's a travel to an odissey, as the film's name. Really Good Album and their best so far!",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
2,"Lyrically foreseeable and foreseeably stupid.
Badly produced.
This is why his albums always sell a lot less of his singles.
A method to avoid this? Put in it some famous artists:
K. Michelle? She tries to make it better.
Meghan Trainor? Hell no.
Steve Wonder and Keith Urban? Useless.
Jennifer Lopez? She actually sounds a bit more fresh than usual.
Julia Michaels, who is probably the less know featured artist in 'Everything is 4', gave the most appreciable contribute.
The worst songs are 'Pull Up' and 'X2CU' (even if the end is OK). The other are slightly less despicable.
Is it catchy? Yes, it is. Has he a nice ass? Yes, he has. Is this album worth it to listen? No, unless you are a bored dumb blonde girl.
The thing that baffles me the most are the 16 producers. The production sounds remedied and disappointingly mediocre. Since when Danja produces so cheesy?",7,8,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"'Everything Is 4' has everything to be one of the albums of the year. Jason left the 'gum songs' that made 'Talk Dirty' and 'Wiggle' to take us to the 80s with songs synthpop like 'Want To Want Me' and 'Chayenne'",1,3,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"The 25-year-old already has already built an enviable string of hits, but usually through the sexual innuendo of 'Talk Dirty' and 'Wiggle' or gimmicks like the massive sample in 'Whatcha Say' and trying to sing his own name as often as possible. He was a star who was trying a little too hard.
On his fourth album 'Everything Is 4' (Warner Bros.), though, Derulo has hit his stride, easing back on all the sexy talk while still piling on the pop hooks.
Most popular
Caitlyn Jenner's E! reality series titled 'I Am Cait'
Caitlyn Jenner: Leibovitz photos are 'great'
Kelly on Duggar interview: 'Nothing is off limits'
Bravo reality show to star LI women
Meet the LIers of Bravo's 'Secrets and Wives'
Derulo has also expanded his musical palette on 'Everything Is 4,' especially brushing off his Michael Jackson-inspired falsetto on the unstoppable 'Love Me Down' and its 'Off the Wall'-inspired funk guitar. The likable 'Want to Want Me' is a breezy summertime jam that leans more pop than R&B, an earworm that embeds immediately. On 'X2CU,' Derulo cozies up to 'Delirious'-era Prince, while he cleverly coins a new kind of date, the 'I just want my ex to see you' kind.
Derulo's artistic growth has also helped him land some impressive new collaborators. On 'Broke,' where he decides that Biggie was right about 'Mo' money, mo' problems,' Derulo lands Stevie Wonder to sing background vocals and play harmonica, while Keith Urban delivers some acoustic blues guitar riffs. On 'Try Me,' he teams with Jennifer Lopez for a cool mix of an old-school pop duet and of-the-moment, Latin-tinged production, while 'Painkiller,' his duet with Meghan Trainor, is another winner.
But it's the slow-burning ballad 'Trade Hearts,' where he lets newcomer Julia Michaels shine, where Derulo truly shows off his new skills, offering restraint and a surprising depth of emotion.
'Everything Is 4' is a grand new start to the next, even bigger phase of Derulo's career, one where he can just let his music speak for itself.",1,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"It's so amazing and naturally !
Derulo can make your 'Talk Dirty' with a lot of style, maybe it's her record most luxurious. Never underestimate someone who can make your better, like Derulo's do.",0,2,"Jun  5, 2015"
5,"I have always liked Jason's music, I have always liked all songs on his albums, however this album is not to my liking, I only like 3 songs on this album 'Want you to want me', 'X2CU' and 'Trade Hearts', the rest all felt like album fillers just thrown in there to make up an album, really hoping his next project impresses me!",0,0,"Aug 11, 2015"
5,"Delusion, i'm always kind voting him because i always hope in a improvement, but this time he do a step back from his previous album. The best songs of the album are 'Want to Want Me' and 'Love Me Down' are f*cking identical, they're good disco songs. Another good track is 'Cheyenne', it's original for his electro-funk beats. the rest of the album is badly produced and boring. I am good with you to give 5 to this album, but the next time if you fail i'll give you 0",0,0,"Jan  7, 2016"
9,"This is definitely the most diverse album yet from Twenty One Pilots. It's very hard to put these guys into just one genre, but if I had to it'd be pop. They have catchy hooks, and pretty good production.
1. Heavydirtysoul is a great, fast-paced opener. (8/10)
2. Stressed Out is a fun song. The best of all the singles. (9/10)
3. Ride has one of the best hooks on this album. (9/10)
4. Fairly Local is ok. I thought tracks 2, 3, or 7 could've been the lead single. (7/10)
5. Tear In My Heart is a very catchy song. (8/10)
6. Lane Boy is a standout. It addresses their musical style lyrically and I thought it was very catchy. (9/10)
7. The Judge is w/o a doubt the best song . It has been stuck in my head for the past 15 days. (10/10)
8. Doubt is a very trappy track and it's fun. (8/10)
9. Polarize is very catchy. Awesome hook. (9/10)
10. WDBWOTV is my least favorite. Idk it just hasn't stuck with me. (6/10)
11. Message Man is very Imagine Dragons-esque and I don't really like it (6/10)
12. Hometown is such a dance song and I love it. I can hear this on any radio station. (9/10)
13. Not Today is fun. (8/10)
14. Goner originally came out in 2012 and was very short. I prefer the new version; however I wish the 'noose' tying noise was still in this new version. The outro is chilling. It's just a great way to end this amazing album.  (10/10)
Mathematically (based off my reviews) this album is an 8.2 but the overall package deserves a 9. Definitely recommend this album to anybody who likes: Pop, EDM, Alternative, (and maybe rap or trip-hop?)",1,1,"Jun  3, 2015"
8,"one of the best album that i ever heard in my life to date. All of the songs are great and the lyrics are well written thanks to this album i become such a huge fan and i could not be more proud.
my score:
1. Heavydirtysoul 9/10
2. Stressed out 10/10
3. Ride 9/10
4. Fairly local 8/10
5. Tear in my heart 9/10
6. Lane boy 10/10
7. The judge 7/10
8. Doubt 7/10
9. Polarize 9/10
10. we don't believe what's on TV 7/10
11. Message man 7/10
12. Home town 10/10
13. Not today 8/10
14. Goner 9/10
overall: 85",1,1,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"There aren't too many albums that hit you like a sledgehammer on first listen. Blurryface is one of those records, but it's a complex game trying to put your finger on exactly why.
This is the fourth album from the Ohio natives, but this is the first time they've come across my radar.
The duo treat genre barriers with contempt, criss-crossing from radio-friendly pop-rock to emo, reggae and hip-hop with a fair smattering of hard electronica, both within the album and even within songs.
It's an intriguing mix, bolstered by strong songwriting, from uber-catchy opener Heavydirtysoul to the jingly-jangly We Don't Believe What's On TV with lyrics such as 'I don't care what's in your hair, I just want to know what's on your mind', and the reggae-rap of Lane Boy, on which they seem to address their genre switching: 'They say stay in your lane, boy, but we go where we want to.'
Blurryface is a mind-blower - check it out.",10,14,"May 30, 2015"
9,"The music and beats completely kick butt, however what separates Blurryface from other pop/hiphop albums are the lyrics. They aren't about money and drugs, but instead hardships, trials, and victories. Even the most fun of their songs are intelligently written and filled with relatable stories. Aside from the fact that each track is amazing, the album itself seems to flow like no other album of the genre. It starts a bit grittier with 'Heavydirtysoul' and ends with one of the most beautiful and tragic songs ever to be put on Disc...'Goner'. This album is a must buy.",2,3,"Jul 18, 2015"
10,"It's an album that pretty much reveals Tyler Joseph's alter ego, Blurryface (It can be heard on Stressed Out on the line 'My name's Blurryface and I care what you think' and during the last few seconds) and puts the duo to a next level of rap rock. People can learn something from what he is saying (or rapping) on the album, which is what makes this album a great breakthrough. Long live schizo-pop. Do not listen to the two negative reviews already posted here, listen to the album and decide for yourself.
Update: I was going to give this an 8, but because of the negative reviews, I decided to bump it to a 10.",5,10,"Jun 11, 2015"
0,"This was by far the worst album of 2015. Twenty one pilots is a group that is marketed towards adolescent girls that are trying to be edgy. The lyrics are whiny, the production is all over the place, and the vocals are not exactly outstanding. 0/10",4,8,"Mar  7, 2016"
6,"Vessel was better I was expecting more. I don't get the hype for this album. It has a great couple of songs (Tear in My Heart, Heavydirtysoul, and Polarize). I can't really list it any higher.",1,2,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"There is no weak song in this album, compiling rock, pop, rap, reggae, dance and a little dubstep for an amazing compilation of Tyler's struggle with his alter-ego, Blurryface. He talks about his wife killing Blurryface in 'Tear in my Heart' and shows it in the music video. They especially hit it spot on with the teen angst and emo genres as well as being able to resonate with almost everyone with at least a couple songs. There is no song on this album that you want to skip, every second is worth listening to.",1,3,"Sep  3, 2015"
10,"I'm in love with this album, Twenty one pilots are my favorite male artists. About the album, all the songs are stuck on my head, and my favorites are Heavydirtysoul, Fairly Local, Message Man, Hometown.. all!",1,3,"Oct  4, 2015"
2,"Pretentious in every sense of the word. The raps were incredibly underwhelming, and the instrumentals which skipped around too many genres (reggae, pop, alt-rock, and hip-hop wouldn't sound very well together) were equally as underwhelming. I heard a lot of good things about this band but there wasn't nearly enough to back up the enormous praise it's been getting.",1,4,"Jan 28, 2016"
3,"On twenty one pilots's second major(ish) label album, they continue making the same style of warm, angsty pop present on all of their previous records. However, blurryface marks a distinct change for the duo, as they attempt to explore different genres within their sound. However, this proves pointless as even though they experiment in multiple ways (reggae influenced melody, pitched-down vocals in a very southern rap style), they constantly return to the SAME EXACT POP FORMULA. No songs on the album are distinguishable for experimentation with song structure, timing, vocal styles (even the track with VOCAL EFFECTS is nearly identical) or lyrical content, something else lacking on the album. Very rare are both the incredibly impactful lines that cause great emotion or introspection, as well as the very abstract metaphors/similes/sensory lines that cause ANY form of thought. The entire album is the same faux-nonchalant angst with no variation, leading to an album that interests for around 15 minutes, then becomes as interesting as watching paint dry. Scratch that, actually, because paint drying isn't obnoxious. In reality, it's as interesting as watching paint dry while listening to Pulse Demon on full volume. Save your money/time for something interesting like Neon Indian or pretty much anything else. 3/10",1,7,"Dec  2, 2015"
2,"'Tear in My Heart' is a good song. The rest of the album rips off rap, is produced like pop, and markets itself as alternative music. Some enjoyable moments, but for the most part it's just weird and annoying.",1,15,"May 28, 2015"
7,"Twenty One Pilots seem to represent pop music in all its essence in 2015/2016. A fusion of hip hop and alternative pop, 'Blurryface' seems to have been just what the general public wanted at the time of its release. With its massive commercial success and with its many hit singles having so much airtime, I now find it  hard to want to bang on the album. The radio has given me Twenty One Pilots fatigue. The album itself is very well written musically but I wonder about how future proof the production of it will be, especially some of the synth sounds used.  Lyrically, its got some interesting themes but I'm left unconvinced by the delivery at times. 'Blurryface' is decent without ever being fantastic.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2016"
8,"(To start of - 21 Pilots doesn't air on Radio in Czech Republic, so keep that in mind) First i randomly found the 'Stressed out' song, which got me interested. At first - i didn't like the whole album, but over time i started to like most of the album... Some songs are good for it's lyrics and some are not, but on the other hand they offer interesting genre mixture, which present fresh experience. Person has to give BlurryFace a shot to let it get under ones skin. Personal Favourites: Stressed Out > Lane Boy > The Judge > Tear in My Heart > Polarize > Ride",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
8,"I don't usually listen to this kind of music, but songs like 'Stressed Out' really caught my attention, partially due to my friend constantly blasting the same song over and over again! Anyways, thought I'd give this album a try, and... it's pretty good!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2015"
8,"This album is great and highlights all of the insecurities that one could face in the music industry. It's great to see how much this band has evolved.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
9,"A good mix between mainstream sounding song writing and very individualistic and sometimes avante garde song writing. The lyricism here is as good as ever, albeit the occasional pandering to a more mainstream audience, Twenty One Pilots still manages to pull of a solid record whilst becoming more accessible.",0,0,"May 31, 2015"
10,"Twenty One Pilots Blurryface is surprisingly a step up from the successful Vessel album and features even more similar songs with a ton of hits. Blurryface is an album strong and solid enough to have enough powerful songs and lyrics to keep fans listening to album for a very long time. (A)",0,0,"Sep  5, 2015"
9,"With catchy upbeat music along with poetic lyrics that has a deeper meaning, Blurryface has shown that Twenty One Pilots  can tell a consistent story about depression and insecurity through music.
Rating: 9/10
Pros:
+Upbeat music
+The lyrics written by Tyler Joseph are poetic, honest and relatable that has a deeper meaning if we can try to analyze the lyrics more.
+The not so subtle lyrics about God and his faith on his religion doesnt feel preachy at all.
+The concept album has a very consistent story about depression and insecurity.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2015"
9,"Twenty One Pilots' fourth studio album is strange, genre-bending and consistently entertaining. There's no weak track on the album. The songwriting is top-notch with some great memorable lyrics like 'My taste in music is your face' and 'I don't care what's in your hair/ I just want to know what's on your mind.' The duo crosses multiple genres with ease and originality while also keeping a steady tone.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
10,"the best album of the year, very good excelent lyrics and melodies, too simply, is an album that is heard from beginning to end without skipping any tracks, the best is 'ride'.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2016"
9,"Favorite album of the year so far! Even though the album is still a little of a mess and it still has it's awkward moments, the album has improvements from every angle. Very satisfying album since it is perfectly in between their sound evolving while it still doesn't sound too different from their previous work. There's not one song I don't like on this album, despite some songs being more memorable than others. I can't wait to see what Tyler and Josh come up with next.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
8,"A crtica deu a nota certa para o Blurryface (deveria ser um 89, mas enfim). Blurryface  um lbum conceitual, com letras difceis de entender e recheado de msicas fascinantes.
Pontos Altos: Doubt, Hometown, We Don't Believe In TV
Pontos Baixos: Message Man, Not Today, Polarize",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
9,"Such a candid album! I never thought I could have enjoyed Alternative Hip Hop (or Hip Hop at all) but this album speaks to my inner teenage angst and sorrows and embraces inner awkwardness.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
5,"Coming from a huge fan of Vessel, this album is, at best... Very disappointing.
Starting with Heavydirtysoul, you can tell they were kind of going for the same sound of the opener on Vessel, Ode to Sleep. With both of these songs there is a very poppy, catchy chorus with a darker, heavier sounding transition during the verses. However, Heavydirtysoul combines a Prodigy-esque verse with a nonsensical, repetitive chorus that quickly wears on the nerves.
It goes through the motions a few times before opening into the first single from the album, Stressed Out, which is by far one of the best songs on the album, and my second favorite. At first when I heard this song I didn't like it either, but this song shows some of their strongest songwriting on the album, and is very reminiscent of the material on Vessel.
Ride is a reggae/dub song that isn't too bad, although the processed vocals on this track just detract from the atmosphere of the track. The singer sounds like he's crooning through a speaker with slight water damage for most of the song, hold the chorus and a bridge toward the end, with another very annoying repeating lyrical cadence. There seems to be a trend on the album where the singer uses as few words possible during choruses, and stretches words out with strange pronunciation and eccentric vocal choices. This heavily detracts from the overall semi-serious tones they're going for with the themes on this album.
Fairly Local opens up with what sounds like a small town local bragging about it like it gives them street cred, followed by a very annoying 'ooh-ooh-ooh' cadence and short bursts of lyrics from the singer, leading to a very disorienting listen, and one that doesn't have much traction.
Tear In My Heart is another song on the album that I don't mind too much, but it is again, at most, decent. While I did like the pop sensibilities on Vessel, they were sprinkled throughout with moderation and taste for the overall product, and songs like Tear In My Heart go to show that they're going for a more straightforward approach with their influences, which can be good, but just isn't here. And even this song slows down quite considerably after the first minute, trading witty lyrics and clear vocals for intertwined, short bursts of words and repetition again.
Lane Boy is another reggae/dub ode over some terribly processed vocals from the singer. This has the most interesting beat on the album I think, but the rather bland bass line and, again, the vocal processing, just don't allow me to enjoy it as much as I want to.
The Judge is very surprising on first listen, just because it's so drastically different from everything else on the album, but in a good way. It opens in a way that may remind you of House of Gold, but quickly opens into a very catchy chorus, followed by some of my favorite verses that the singer raps on this album. It switches from sounding slightly menacing to very upbeat and happy between the verse and chorus, but achieves this more successfully than any other song on the album, and some of the lines he raps in this song will definitely remind you of Vessel, although this song doesn't seem like it belongs on Vessel (which is a good thing, again.) Definitely my favorite on the album.
Doubt opens up to a pretty promising beat, but quickly becomes a repetitive mess. Not too much to say here.
Polarize is, well, a pretty polarizing listen. Not sure if it's intentional or not but it's pretty difficult to follow. However this is one of the better songs on the album.
We Don't Believe What's on TV opens with a ukulele riff that is very reminiscent of House of Gold before launching into a very upbeat song backed by a country-esque drum beat in the back. This song is great, and has some of my favorite lyrics on the album. Probably my second favorite.
Message man opens up decently, but as soon as the vocals come in I can't listen anymore. It gets even worse during the chorus when they slow down the tempo and put in reggae guitar and slow raps, before getting back into the intro (which I guess is the chorus, too). Decent, but really not great.
Hometown isn't horrible but isn't good. There isn't much to say here, besides that it's the least memorable track on the album.
Not Today opens up again with disjointed raps and nonsencial lyrics, but gets a bit better as it goes on. The chorus is okay, the bridge is okay, but that's about it.
Goner, the album closer, is a terribly mellow and kind of sad song. Not really what I was expecting to end this album of mostly upbeat music at all, and it really feels out of place, especially here at the end of the CD. If this wasn't the closer I think it would fit more.
This album isn't terrible, but it really isn't that good either. If I was forced to listen to this album without being able to skip songs it would probably getting a 3, but there are a few redeeming songs on this album that do make it worth while, especially for fans of their older stuff.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
6,"Blurryface is less than the sum of its parts. Genre mixing is encouraged as long the experience remains cohesive - it is not here evidently. A confused mess that could have been great with a more focus",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"Genre-blending and introspective lyricism can be found from start to finish on twenty one pilots' fourth LP. The concept of Blurryface helps create a cohesion to what could have been a genre hopping disaster. Instead, listeners are treated to one of the most well put together albums of 2015.
Favorite Tracks: Heavydirtysoul, Ride, Tear In My Heart, The Judge, Doubt, Polarize, We Don't Believe What's On TV, Message Man, Hometown, and Not Today.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2016"
7,"Most of it sounds good but there's some unnecessary cheesy, over-the-top pop **** that do nothing to help the album. The lyrics are extremely overrated and tell stories I do not care for. The jokingly pointless/ random lyrics that I guess are meant to compliment the darker themes are just cringe-worthy and unneeded. I've tried to understand what they mean but even with a deeper meaning they just sound childish. The change in style throughout the album is refreshing as many tracks sound similar and if ordered one after the other, they could become repetitive. Many credit the band for writing music about 'relatable' issues and although this may be accurate, it's annoying that because of the band's up beat, pop, hip-hop sound, it could deter listeners from other pieces with similar lyrical meanings as many of these other musicians and acts pair darker topics with darker sounds. Despite this, some may appreciate their ability to pair dark themes and lyrics with up beat music but I couldn't help throughout thinking that the lyrics are extremely pretentious. From a casual listening view (the way it seems this album was meant to be listened to) the album is actually quite good, the music itself on most tracks makes for pleasant listening but because of the mismatch of the lyrics and sound, the album is a 6 to a 7.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2016"
9,"This is an awesome album! Guys keep up their consistent theme of thoughtful/philosophical poetry based lyrics. The sound of the music itself is kind of a passionate and genre-bridging mix of rap, rock, indie pop, hip hop, emo, electronic and reggae music (which varies depending on the song). Plus the singer both raps and sings in most songs.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"I have recently read other comment and feel that I should join the conversation. Many people are in love with twenty-one pilots like I am, but there were also some, not a lot, negative comments. Everyone has their own opinion and mine is that they are great. This is a band of two who make a living off of music. These two put feeling and truth behind their lyrics. In this world they are putting simplistic words into complex rythem and tune as they try to spread a message of living life to be happy. Tyler has been through a lot and just wants others to know that your not alone because when he was younger there was no one for him. I personally believe that this is a great album, and it may even be one of their better ones as this album has much happier and upbeat song such as, stressed out, lane boy, not today, fairly local, etc..",0,0,"Mar 14, 2016"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Sep  3, 2016"
9,"Blurryface pode at ter seus pontos baixos, mas o lbum em si  maravilhoso. O conceito, embora parea confuso, muito bem colocado no lbum e a dupla mostra que sabe fazer um trabalho digno. As faixas que se destacam das outras so 'Doubt', 'Hometown', 'Heavydirtysoul' e 'Ride'.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
9,"This album definitely isn't for everybody. I understand the people that think this is a pretentious in cohesive mess of an album. I on the other hand, really liked the production. It carries a lot more depth than the production on Vessel. Tyler has always been an excellent songwriter. And while the Blurryface concept is kind of phony and generic, there is not one bad song on this album.
Heavydirtysoul: Best song on the album. Tyler's rapping has never been better. Josh has never been more exciting on the drums. (10/10)
Stressed Out: (7.5/10)
Ride: Verses are a bit top heavy (7/10)
Fairly Local: Strings n bass (8.5/10)
Tear In My Heart: Those synths make the song. (9.5/10)
Lane Boy: Love the record label bashing. (7/10)
The Judge: Wish the tempo change didn't exist. (7.5/10)
Doubt: This type of song shouldn't work but it does. (7.5/10)
Polarize: Awesome beat. (9/10)
We Don't Believe What's On TV: CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED! (9.5/10)
Message Man: Worst Song here. It's kind of a mess. (5/10)
Hometown: So nostalgic. (9/10)
Not Today: Just really fun. (9/10)
Goner: Lacking a little until that huge drop at the end. (9/10)",0,0,"Jul  7, 2016"
7,"One common theme in reviews of Blurryface is variety of genres used throughout the album. The variety in the individual tracks makes it an incredibly radio friendly album (i.e. the heavy airplay of Ride and Stressed Out). However, this variety makes the album as a whole feel very awkward and disjointed. Twenty One Pilots try to make the album more cohesive by having much of it revolve around certain themes but the uncertainty in genres reduces any cohesiveness. Overall, the individual tracks work well on their own, but feel awkward when listened to as an album.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"One of the best Albums of 2015.
Ride, Stressed Out, The Judge, Heavydirtysoul, Fairly Local, and Polarize are my favorite songs from the album.
You should really listen!",0,0,"Sep  1, 2016"
8,"A good mix between mainstream sounding song writing and very individualistic and sometimes avante garde song writing. The lyricism here is as good as ever, albeit the occasional pandering to a more mainstream audience, the band still manages to pull of a solid record whilst becoming more accessible.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
8,"As much as I want to give Ciara a 10, I have to acknowledge that this is not her best work. That honor belong to Ciara's Self-Titled. However this album is special in that it continues to broadcast Ciara's evolution as an artist. Be warned, listeners may be turned off at first but several of these songs are growers, meaning they seem a lot better after a few listens. Initially, I did not enjoy most of the album despite being a major Ciara's fan but after a week I came to appreciate the work put into it. Fans may be put off when they find that this album is a break-up album or completely relating to her mother. Nevertheless, Ciara turns to pop music to provide her upbeat music. Jackie (B.M.F.), One Woman Army (and Intro), and I Bet (R3HAB remix) will get the blood pumping. I Bet (and the Joe Jonas remix), Only One, I Got You, and Lullaby will leave you emotional. Dance Like We're Making Love, is a definite hit. Sadly I am disappointed in one song, This is How I'm Feeling. I always loved the team of Missy and Ciara but this song does not do their previous songs together justice, even with an aid from Pitbull.
Overall a fairly above average album with decent to great songs.",3,3,"May  8, 2015"
9,"That's a very good album. Although I always though her strongest was her R&B songs, she proves that she can deliver a pop record like nobody else. The album has a some great jams.",2,2,"May  9, 2015"
10,"An improvement over Ciara (2013), the album Jackie features more dance-pop-RNB songs and more ballads. How odd to not find or see an Parental Advisory notification on appearing on this record. Also, I notice her vocal and singing abilities appear to be in excellent condition on this record. Standout tracks on this album are 'All Good' 'I Bet', 'Dance Like Were Making Love', and 'Give Me Love'.",2,2,"May 10, 2015"
7,"Ciara brings us a nice LP filled with some fairly catchy music and some songs that I would consider adding to my usual playlist. However, the album does not make me feel the need to keep playing it. There are some songs on the album that are definitely highlights, such as 'I Bet', 'I Got You', 'Jackie (B.M.F.)', 'Lullaby', etc. However, there are other songs that don't necessarily live up to them, such as 'That's How I'm Feelin', 'All Good' and 'Give Me Love'. I understand that Ciara may be trying to produce some pop hits to get Billboard recognition and mainstream airplay but her R&B tracks are usually a lot better than her pop efforts. People have been deeming this as Ciara's best album but it does not live up to the standard of her self-titled album where every song stood out and it had mass replay appeal.",1,1,"Jul 15, 2015"
10,"This is ciara's best album. The songs are a masterpiece, the production and composition is excellent and her vocals are stronger than her previous albums. I have a feeling this is ciara best album and will perform well on the charts. this album is worth a listen and buying. Best songs on the album are: That's how i'm feelin, dance like we making love, Fly, i bet, i bet remix ft joe jonas, one woman army, give me love, i got you and only one",3,4,"May  6, 2015"
8,"Probably this is the best album of Ciara I've ever heard in her discography. The album goes beyond just be limited to 'dance' and 'animate', it has more feelings and life than the others albums. Here we see a sentimental Ciara, mother, mature woman and, above all, she loves what she does. She placed great vocal in highly developed compositions and that's enough to prove that Cici's back with her best of all.",8,11,"May  7, 2015"
10,"This is one of its most solid projects so far, and the stability of a mother as well as the strength of a warrior, are reflected in the 14 tracks on the disc. Ciara is finally a complete and self-sufficient woman. I just hope that everyone can see it in time.",2,3,"May  8, 2015"
10,"This album brought a great-sounding, referring to what has already been heard in the 2000s has strong elements such as vocals and have a chance to fill in what the industry needs.",2,3,"May  8, 2015"
10,"For me this album is great. The songs are on point, her singing skills have improved and the whole record shows how she is evolving in a more consistent artist. Some people seems to hate without any reason but she keeps getting stronger and getting more confident despite that. Just give this album a try, you are not going to regret it.",3,5,"May  6, 2015"
10,"Ciara at her best, her most delicious and adventurous album with so many highlights that shows she's more in control than ever. Solid, appealing and radio-friendly, it deserves to be a smash!",1,2,"May 16, 2015"
10,"This album is so... INCREDIBLE... a mixture of pop and R&B and was where Ciara relmente showed all his strength ... INCREDIBLE!
And there's much more to show!",0,0,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"The Jackie album was a real surprise for me I really thought that the album was going to be an angst filled collection of songs but instead Jackie delivers a really strong message of survival, letting go and moving on. I loved Only One, Kiss and Tell, Lullaby, DLWML, Fly and I Bet and I have a special place in my heart for the song Ciara dedicated to her baby boy. The lyrics are expressive and uplifting and the music videos are cutting edge and will definitely inspire imitation.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2016"
9,"The bubblegum beats are incredible, A.G Cook is the best DJ of UK, the production of this album is very simple but beats are awesome, is the best album of 2015.",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"Hannah Diamond and GFOTY are the best couple, PC Music is the best bubblegum label of all the time, in 2014 PC Music was so loaded with beats kinda cutes and very well, you have to listen this!",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"PC's bubblegum beats are so cutes and very goods, A.G Cook and SOPHIE are the best DJ's.........................................................................",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
9,"It's a delight to return to Nellie McKay, after having personally lost sight of her since her national debut Get Away from Me, over which I've been scratching my head since I first heard it - only having rented it once from the library years ago - . Nellie commences here, nicely I might add, with some murky yet alluring 60s songs that are interesting if for nothing more than their wrenching honesty and compelling political postures. From Itchycoo Park to Martha Lorraine, Nellie opens up the field to some more accessible but equally trenchant pop tunes from that turbulent decade. Her Beatles homage 'If I Fell' is a glorious production, and is most likely the most successful Beatles cover I've ever had the pleasure, and honor, to hear. She nicely covers a product of Paul Simon's early genius, and after another nostalgic gem once seemingly lost to time, takes on Frank Zappa with the zest and aplomb one would expect from 'that girl!' who debuted with her raucous Get Away from Me. She concludes this lovely tender effort with the haunting Wooden Ships, which has probably gotten rave reviews from those iconic sea navigators The Decemberists. Whoa, Nellie? No. Keep going, Nellie.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
1,"Please do your research prior to paying money to see this performer. We recently saw Nellie McKay at a concert do her apparent normal litany of protest songs. She seems to be doing a cheap imitation of Bob Dylan with some vulgar and down right offensive shock lyrics. Her songs included covers of anti war Vietnam songs with updated lyrics like '...next stop is in Iran..' (not Vietnam) and references to'...killing towel heads...' and the most disgusting line taunting mothers to '...be the first mom on your block to have your son sent home in a box...' and lecturing the audience about the slave owning oligarchy rigging the system to oppress minorities and women. This pathetic immature self righteous creep doesn't have any idea what stands between evil and innocent, weak people like her unable to protect themselves. She's quite an accomplished pianist when not singing. JUST SHUT UP AND PLAY!",0,0,"Aug  2, 2016"
6,"Don't let the lavish and vast collaborations and nicely harmonic tuned sounds blur your view: this is by no means a fantastic -or even good- record. 6.1/10",0,1,"Jul 25, 2015"
7,"It's a cute album, but sometimes gets a bit tedious to have similar beats. Kat's voice is extremely beautiful and sounds like a woman in maturing.
The album lyricism is by far good, but falls short in exploiting more than love vs hate. It may even be a piece of Dahlia's life garden but it missed explore the reasons and failed to explain why.
But it's still pretty good for a debut album. Kat deserves recognition, that's all.",6,8,"Jan 22, 2015"
8,"This voice, this album and this woman !!! All amazing. I'm really impressed with the development of Kat over time ... A very good album indeed. Failed in some respects, as the bands settings and instrumental. But still good.",0,1,"Jan 22, 2015"
10,"Awesome album , Kat is very talented , his voice is lovely , its melody is perfect , every day I'm more addicted to this extraordinary singer , I hope you do too much success.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2015"
10,"This is a smart record that has a lot to say and gives listener a reason to hear it. In contrast with her previous records, fans may surprised by what they find. She experimentally plays a different style and direction lead to diversity of this album. Every single one of the tracks sounds promising and good that this plays like a 'Greatest Hits' package.
The best of the best is Pills n Potions, a slow piano ballad which proved her credibility in delivery both pop and hip hop. Her writing successfully portrayed her true expression, emotion and turn this song into a work of art. Besides, Anaconda, her novelty smash brings genius lyrics with irresistible beats that will be quoted for years to come.
There are some classic tracks here including I Lied and All Thing Go that we got to hear them at their best. Overall, this will be her best work to date but there's a lot of rooms to explore in producing a very cohesive and solid album. To sum up, the album is a notch away from what the fans expect but it's a step towards the singer attracting new fans and without a doubt she made it successfully.",25,38,"Dec 15, 2014"
1,"I do not see how anyone with respect for music, or anyone with respect for themselves for that matter, can like such an awful monstrosity such as Nicki Minaj. Literally all she raps/sings/whatever the vocals are called..well, lets just call it 'rapping', but the only thing she 'raps' about is sex and drugs. 'Anaconda' is the worst song on the album (although it has become the creator of a few jokes that are quite funny).",4,4,"Oct 29, 2015"
1,"Disappointed. This album is gross and sexist. Very vulgar. The song anaconda is the worst. Objectifying men, really???? and yet you want to win awards for this? i dont know anymore.",3,3,"Dec 15, 2015"
3,"The same method used in Pink Friday: Roman Reload. In one half of the album, she is a **** in another she's the Pop/Rap's Princess. It's obvious that I like the track 'All Things Go' opening the work and the other songs like 'Pills and Potions' and 'Bed of Lies'. 'Get on your Knees' and 'Feeling Myself' let me down. And I hated the masturbation wheel in 'Truffle Butter'.",4,5,"Mar 13, 2015"
5,"Hmm to be honest I was a little confused by the perfect reviews some users gave. i would imagine those are the die-hard Nicki fans or Barbies :/. This album gives me mixed feelings. While I like some of the tracks (especially at the beginning and end) I absolutely hate the pure hip-hop tracks. The hip-hop tracks are non-innovative and simply draw back the potential this album could have. mind you i am a hip-hop fan but the hip-hop offerings on her previous albums were much better and unique than those she has on this. Even some of the slower, melodic tracks are not as well-written as they could be. bed of Lies sounds very uninspired and most of the collaborations sound forced (Those with ariana, beyonce, etc). There are some innovative sounding cuts on the album but they are overshadowed by those awful hip-hop tracks she included which are probably there to try to prove she is hip-hop to the hip-hop world. Overall, I am in the middle for this album.",3,4,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Without a doubt, her best album to date. On this album, Nicki perfectly bends the genre of Hip-Hop and R&B, while still managing to keep her pop sound. One of the best rap albums of 2014. Poor Igloo Australia.",6,9,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Amazing body of work. Perfect balance of Nicki's vulnerable and personal side with her hard bars and playful lyrics. Definitely topped Pink Friday even though I was skeptical she could when she said she will. Her flow, lyricism, vocals, metaphors, everything is just perfect from start to end.",7,11,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Wow. This album really shows how much Nicki has improved as an artist. Each song is so different and there's just so many different genres, that the album connects. This will be the best female rap album of the decade, and maybe even of all time. This CD is the best rap album to come out in 2014. Congratulations Nicki, you completely derserve it.",7,11,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"About two years ago, Nicki Minaj promised not only to his followers, but the world that she would return to its origins that have been forgotten by time.
The Pinkprint is clearly an allusion to mark that it will leave the Hip-Hop scene. We begin to taste the R & B ballad 'All Things Go' where Nicki puts out with elegance all their feelings, something that is quite rare, coming from the same, which usually show Nicki always be the boss **** We can also note that Onika, had a breakthrough in its flow in its lyrical singing and especially in their letters that have developed and begun to address really serious matters. When it comes to 'shade' no one can go up against Nicki, the delicious 'Want Some More' and 'Win Again' is a full plate for the vultures that are surrounding the poor nicki.
In a summary, The Pinkprint is an album that will probably always be an inspiration for the next rappers in the game.",10,16,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Lyrically, its her best album to date. The production, her flow, her raps, her honesty, she got rid of of all her alter-egos and let Onika shine from the beginning to end. Nicki holds her own, even throughout the tracks with features, she's still in-charge. It makes you think, who other female MC is really on her level? The answer is, no one is.",11,18,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"This album is genius! It tells Nicki's story and it reveals her dark side which I love. This is almost like the Beyonc 2013 album in terms of tone because it's slow-paced, dark and different to what she previously released which is why this is my favorite Nicki album to date!",11,18,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"If you're not a fan of Nicki, you will be after this.
The album is her most revealing to date, opening the album with personal battles and moving slowly into concepts and themes that overall show her ownership of her sexuality and her presence in the music industry, bringing the concept of concealing her pop elements in gritty Hop-Hop beats Nicki shows she can do it all. The album is a creative battle of her personal and media influenced situations where she shows she's on top of them all.
By far her best body of work and by far the greatest insight to who Nicki Minaj is, who she can be and what she's capable of. This album is the emancipation of what you can become. A very strong + positive album with such a refreshing wholesome feel, quality album from Nicki Minaj.",6,10,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Bora falar portugus porque sei que tem BR aqui, achei incrvel, musicas bem diferentes do que costumamos ver de Nicki Mina, Grand Piano diz claramente que Minaj sabe cantar e tem controle sobre sua voz.",3,5,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Her most cohesive album to date. The lyrics are very personal and honest, the beats are very hard hitting and grimy. This is creative Nicki at her best.",11,19,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Onika really knows how to do a rap , she showed this after two years .The songs has many meanings  , each song complete the other. The lyrics are very personal. The album is the best of the last 2 albums that she did",8,14,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Nicki Minaj again shows his talent as a rapper, with a certain power of versatility already shown before, but never with so much power, proved to be a talented rapper and goals of having a solid career, a very cohesive album, keep 22 quality of tracks is not an easy task.
Nicki deserves recognition as a rapper, as a singer and as an artist.
Faced with this work we can only give play and enjoy.",5,9,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"A really SOLID album, I was PLEASANTLY surprised by Miss Minaj;s ability to entice the pop and hip hop audience. The album provided a much needed bridge, like The Blueprint did, between Rap and Pop. Her vocals in songs like Grand Piano and The Crying Game with Jesse Ware are among the best, it bests Pop stars vocals (Like Katy Perry for example) It deserves the praise its receiving.",8,15,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"I'm so proud! Nicki proves why she is the BEST female rapper in the game. Her flow, productions, lyrics. It's all on point. The Pinkprint is amazing, her best album by far.",6,12,"Dec 15, 2014"
8,"When Nicki Minaj first started the promotional effort for The Pinkprint back with her soundcloud releases (like 'Yasss Bish!!!' and 'Boss Ass **** (remix)'), she set the record straight that she would come back to her hip-hop rap roots. When the album was released, as a first listen, there is no song rapped as strong as 'Come on a Cone' or her 'Monster' verse, but, when not compared to other stuff she's done, Nicki's new effort sounds like the most creative thing she's ever done. Track-by-Track:
1. All Things Go: this song is the most personal thing Nicki has ever done, and it is so lyrically strong, that it feels like she poured her diary into it. Opens up the album on a very likeable tone and prepares for what is to come. (9/10)
2. I Lied: Sounds like 'Fire Burn' from Roman Reloaded, yet so much stronger lyrically. Nicki deals with her heartbreak so steadily over a charming Mike-Will-Made-It beat. Love it! (8/10)
3. The Crying Game: One of the stand out tracks on the album. The beat is sizzling, Nicki's rap is as good as ever, and Jessie Ware's contribution is dazzling. Strongly recommended. (10/10)
4. Get On Your Knees: This song is really good but I think what's wrong with it is that Ariana outshines Nicki a bit, which isn't supposed to happen. Still, very catchy and very well executed. (7/10)
5. Feeling Myself: the anticipated Beyonc-assisted song is also a stand out. What I like to note is that Nicki's rap here is ***flawless. Wow. (9/10)
6. Only: Nicki appears only for one minute during this track.. I don't know why this was a single, or why it wasn't on the deluxe edition. Sorry, this one's a miss. Oh and never mind Lil Wayne. He's just like that. (5/10)
7. Want Some More: ahhh, the old mixtape days. This song is so fierce and so unapologetic. Slay'em, Nic. I mean, 'who had Eminem on their first album'? ;) (8/10)
8. Four Door Aventador: The chorus is impressive, but what shines here the most is Minaj's rap. Very good song. (8/10)
9. Favorite: the Jeremih-assisted song is not a favourite, unfortunately. It's good, just not as good as the rest, with a monotone beat and Jeremih asking his lover to be her favorite. (7/10)
10. Buy a Heart: another stand out. Seems like this album is full of them. Both Meek Mill and Nicki do a great job on this song. Very emotional. Very fearless. I think these two should make a concept album together. (9/10)
11. Trini Dem Girls: a good party feel good song. Lunchmoney Lewisbis irritating. Nicki is confident. Good one. (7/10)
12. Anaconda: okay this song is way too much awesomeness. I mean it didn't achieve all that success for nothing. Very memorable, very fun, and very beautifully-produced. (10/10)
13. Pills n Potions: This song gives a strong preview of the album. It best represents the Pinkprint. In the terms of this break-up confessional album, this track shines so bright. (9/10)
14. The Night is Still Young: Nicki should know that her dance cuts are her weak point. The track is good, but it sounds a bit out of place on here. (7/10)
15. Bed of Lies: This. Track. Is. Sick. Nicki's vulnerable dark side is showcased, and the hook brought in by Skylar Grey is undeniably the most catchy thing you'll ever hear. (9/10)
16. Grand Piano: rap-free and very emotional, this piano ballad closes the album on a very beautiful tune. It closes the album that shows thay Nicki Minaj ia doing things like they haven't been done before. (8/10)
All in all, the album has a score of 8 and shows that Nicki still has a long beautiful career ahead of her. Go get'em, Nic.",5,10,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Nicki really has put out her best body of work to date. The album is so cohesive it's unreal. The lyricism of the album is astonishing as well as her infectious flow. Her natural vocals are also present outshining her previous efforts. The production on the songs on the album is another highlight with songs such as Win Again proving why she is one of the best rappers of all time period. Anyone who tries to fault The Pinkprint is biased or delusional. The Pinkprint is flawless and is important to Hip-Hop.",4,8,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"There is so much substance to this album. Nicki really delivered. She opened up, revealing details about her 12 year relationship which sadly came to an end this year. She uses her incredible flow to delivery slick lyrics as well as her powerhouse vocals. Nicki Minaj is an example of sheer, diverse talent. She is such an amazing artist, her discography and accolades support this - now The Pinkprint can be a staple for music in Hip-Hop with the statement of true emotion being shown without compromising the genre with the catering to her Pop and R&B fans.",3,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
9,"Perfect. Everything i need right now. Every emotion anyone has ever felt has been recorded in this album. People giving low scores on this masterpiece are just haters of Nicki Minaj, i bet you any money they haven't even heard it for themselves. BUY THIS MASTERPIECE. I promise you it will be everything to you too",3,6,"Dec 16, 2014"
0,"This album isn't rap, it's pop-rap/trap. I still can't understand the Minaj's fanbase, this album it's horrible, please, stop saying that she do good music, she's just like fetty wap, a trash idol. This album is full of bad songs, the 'pop side' of the album have 'Pills N Potions', a boring horrible song, 'Bed of Lies', an other electropop song without a original style, 'Grand Piano', the best song of the album, a medium pop song where the Minaj have a good voice, but  the song it's pretty boring, 'Feeling Myself', a pop-rap song with maybe the worst flow of the history (comparable with Souja boy's songs) and 'The Night Is Still Young', the worst songs in the album, simply horrible, the 'trap side' of the album have 'Anaconda', a pure trash song, 'Only' maybe one of the best songs of the album, but it's still a horrible song, will be better without Drake and Lil Wayne, and 'Truffle Butter', the same horrible sh*t. I hope that one day Nicki Minaj will stop to do this annoying noises.",3,6,"Jan  5, 2016"
10,"Nicki's best since Pink Friday. She pours herself into this album, taking listeners on an emotional roller-coaster. The first part of the album contains some of the most emotional and personal songs we've ever had from Nicki, the second part contains some excellent features and bangers, Four Door Aventador is a wonderful throwback to 90s hip-hop. The next part contains the party songs, from Carribean dancehall banger Trini Dem Girls, the hit Anaconda, and the wonderful feel-good cruiser The Night Is Still YOung that is sure to be a hit. The album ends on the emotional side again, with the last song being Grand Piano, something unlike we've ever heard from Nicki Minaj, and it is excellent.",2,4,"Jan  5, 2015"
8,"Good rap album showing a matured (but still depraved) Nicki Minaj in an ecletic and more personal album if compared to her previous records. It's not exactly monochromatic, but certainly not insane like Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. Instrumentals aren't overproduced, giving value to the Minaj voice both in rap and melodic moments.
Featured artists gave their best too!
Best song: Get On Your Knees
Best lyric: All Things Go",2,4,"Feb 22, 2015"
10,"The best album of minaj surely we can hear each musisca without having to skip one, all to the beat or the perfect sound, voice nicki surprises in the ' Grand Piano' but this was the best 2014 album",1,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This is the best album by Nicki Minaj. The feelings and emotions that she put on this album make me want to listen to it everyday.  Glad to see that nicki still got her rap roots and that she is running the game.",1,2,"May 15, 2016"
10,"The Pinkprint is definitely her best body of work !!She has some tracks like Want Some More ,Shangai,Four Door Aventador ,Shangai and Win again which  go back to her rap roots but the album has also some really really good songs like Grand Piano ,I Lied ,The Crying Game,Pills n' Potions e.t.c!",1,2,"May 18, 2016"
10,"This is her best album, more personal, she's a genius! I Lied is the best song on the album, more mature and focused content compared to everything she has ever done. Congrats to Nicki Minaj!",5,11,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"'THIS IS THE PINKPRINT' says Minaj in her most emotional song ever written which opens the album, and from that song the perfection continues. The production of the album is amazing. The album shows so much growth from it's aesthetics to the lyricism. Minaj continues to reign and prove which she is one of the best rappers of all time. From start to finish the album can't be faulted.",5,11,"Dec 15, 2014"
2,"I like Nicki, the world was overdue for a female rap artist, and she came out fighting with Pink Friday and Roman Reloaded. The Pinkprint however is a truly awful body of work. EVERY single track bar All Things Go, The Crying Game and Bed of Lies are dire, drab and mind-numbingly boring. The lyrics have improved, but it's as if she's openly choosing to ignore her own strengths and give us an albums worth of weakness. A Hip Hop/Rap forgettable failure.",5,11,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This is a really masterpiece! Nicki always surprises me, but this time it was for real. This work really has its own identity and has wonderful lyrics, a great and authentic rap album. It brings the power of a fierce female rapper to light and at the same time , expresses innocence, sensuality and true feelings.",4,9,"Dec 15, 2014"
9,"Some songs are unnecessary, however, The Pinkprint is an excellent album and deserves recognition, I am proud because Nicki Minaj has managed to grow professionally and the songs of this album have events that occurred in your life.",4,9,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"The Album in general is a piece of art, we had never had a Female Rapper to being this great in every sense of the world. This albums it is truly amazing. who else than the Queen of rap to made an album this great. Nicki Minaj is the REAL Queen of Rap. Everyone should listen to this album and notice how well she appeal to pop and rap.",3,7,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Nicki effortlessly manages to satisfy her diverse vanbase with hard hitting, beautiful well composed songs. She did go back to her Hip-Hop roots with the beats and lyrics as she said she would but she also catered to those who love the soft, singing side of Minaj. She put together a fantastic album. It's hard to find a fault. It features amazing artists such as Beyonce, Ariana Grande and Meek Mill. The chemistry between Nicki and the featured artists is apparent. From The Crying Game, Feeling Myself to Buy A Heart the album flows beautifully. It really deserves all the acclaim it can get.",3,7,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Nicki manages to combine their emotions and teach one of his most emotional parts, making it one of the best rap albums of this 2014. She experience different sounds putting her ability to rap, making songs that can be simply hits and insurance will mark the history of rap.",3,7,"Dec 15, 2014"
7,"A good album, a good vibe and good lyrics... Nicki still doing her best in all her albums. 'The Pinkprint' is great, but why the hell it has songs with 'same' beats? It did me bored. And Ariana Grand should not be in this album... And the album should stops on 'Grand Piano', just 16 tracks and not 22.
But it still be a great album. Favorites tracks: 'Grand Piano', 'Pills n Potions', 'Favorite' & 'Trini Dem Girls'.",4,10,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Conseguiu trazer um lbum quase 100% de hip hop, assim agradando a muitos que talvez tenham se decepcionado com seu antecessor. O lbum  definitivamente o mais cativante da rapper e o melhor  que traz essncia dela antes de qualquer um de seus LP's",2,5,"Dec 15, 2014"
9,"Cannot believe I'm giving Nicki Minaj a 9 right now... I remember seeing this on the coming soon list and couldn't wait to listen and see how crappy it was after being letdown with 'Anaconda' but man! I couldn't have been more wrong! Sure the singles released were nothing to write home about but listen to the other songs of this album and you will be moved! There are many ballads and songs about her personal life.. And best of all: NICKI CAN SING! And her voice is awesome! I never knew this. Check out 'Grand Piano' and 'The Crying Game.' You can thank me later. Also, I believe Nicki Minaj should do more music like this.",2,5,"Dec 21, 2014"
10,"This album includes songs that are sure to please a wide range of musical tastes, from the heartfelt 'All Things Go', to the upbeat 'Trini Dem Girls', and from the resounding ballad 'Grand Piano' to the fierce feel-good anthem 'Feelin' Myself', featuring Beyonce. Even for those who do not consider themselves Nicki Minaj fan, this album is sure to please.",2,5,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"TPP is easily Ms. Minaj's best album to date. It perfectly combines high, up-tempo club songs, with sensitive heart-felt ballads, & ratchet bops. A++.",2,5,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"She's back with her best! With the most personal album, talking about life, love. With the best collabs ever: Beyonc, Ariana Grande, Skylar Grey, and the classic tem: Wayne, Drake and Chris Brown!",2,5,"Dec 16, 2014"
1,"good musics, but it is not the best album her, for me is the WORST,  'The Night Is Still Young' is the best music, pop/hip-hop, but she keeps looking like a prostitute. I like her, but, Nicki needs change",2,5,"Mar 29, 2015"
10,"Uma nova forma de arte e conceitos, The Pink Print  um album para se inspirar. Hoje em dia  dificil achar coisas assim de qualidade, e  isso que no falta no album",3,8,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Perfect album, managed to balance all elements of the album many while showing a more sensitive and personal side of herself as an artist, very different from her other albums.",3,8,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Brilliant.. So much of her was put into this record. it's like she took a piece of her heart and spread it all over this record like a blanket. VERY true to her. & even though it's very versatile it's very true true to hip-hop You do it again MS. mINAJ.",3,8,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Heartbreaking record displaying how much Nicki Minaj has grown as an artist. It has highs and lows and is a beautifully crafted journey. Everyone needs to at least listen.",3,8,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Since the day Nicki announced she'd be going full hip hop/ rap on her album i knew i'd not love her next album since my personnel favorites of hers include the Super Bass and Starships type 'pop' songs. That is exactly what happened after listening to The Pink Print. I like it but i don't love it, definitely not as good as her previous albums. Lyrically, yes its her best but the songs are just not as catchy which left me a little disappointed. I like the old Nicki way better. I did not enjoy Buy A Heart, Want Some More, Shanghai, Mona Lisa, Big Daddy and Truffle Butter at all...so not my type. The first half of the album is definitely much better than the second half but considering the fact that there are 22 tracks on the album, i'd still give it a solid 8. The Ariana collab, The Night Is Still Young, Pills N Potions and Four Dour Aventador are the clear highlights of the album. The Jeremih and Beyonce collabs are definitely repetitive but still highly enjoyable. Another one of my favorites is The Crying Game simply because of Jessie Ware's vocals. Trini Dem Girls is certainly a weird track but i still happened to like it. Win Again and All Things Go are pretty good too while Grand Piano and Bed Of Lies are the two standout slow ballad-y type songs on the album. Only is just an OK track though and not much can be said about Anaconda lol. All in all i'd definitely recommend you give this album a listen.",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"'The Pinkprint' is undoubtedly one of the best albums of Nicki Minaj. An emotional album, personal and interesting. Some of the most anticipated albums of 2014 and undoubtedly one of the best :)",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"This is an amazing Album that everyone will enjoy it. Nicki Minaj shows so many sides of her especially her most vulnerable side, by talking about her love life, and personal problems with her family and other music starts.",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"This is honestly one of the best albums ever, ignore the negative reviews some people don't even listen to the album and come to give it a low score just because of the artist but album wise this album just blew me away great rapping and great vocals Nicki",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"From her last album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded, Minaj has finally blessed the world with the highly anticipated 3rd album, The Pinkprint. Although she still subtly caters to all fans with her girly/pop 'The Night is Still Young' track and soft ballads such as 'Grand Piano' and 'I Lied', she has hit us with more rap & rnb tracks talking about real life problems she has went through, and the public will definitely be able to relate. Her vocals have improved majorly and she comes hard on tracks like 'Big Daddy' 'Shanghai' and 'Four Door Aventador'. The Pinkprint is Nicki's best project to date, from bars, to overall production, and I wish Nicki all the success this era!",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Ultimately, The Pinkprint is a lyrical masterpiece & the most personal album out of Nickis career so far. Compared to all of Nickis albums (Pink Friday, Roman Reloaded & the Re-Up), Nicki has grown the confidence since her last album to stand her ground, clarifying to all that she is no longer subjected as a mockery by the public eye.
Throughout the whole album, Nicki further showcases her well-preserved vocals & her inarguable ability of rapping, combining and infusing them both together effectively to create meaningful & relevant content. Collaborations include the musical stylings of Beyonc & Ariana Grande, aswell as rap icons Meek Mill, Lil Wayne & Drake. Altogether, the collaborations, along with Nicki skills & abilities, further gives an immense, yet compelling experience which doesnt shine away from the albums subliminal messaging.
Vocally, Nicki emphasis her turbulent relationships, family life & lifestyle as a successful rapper/businesswoman for all listening to fathom. Tracks that stand out prominently are Grand Piano & I Lied, which are both Nickis most memorable & ground-breaking power ballads to date. Overall, the Pinkprint is a must-listen & is jam-packed filled with memorable anthems.",2,6,"Dec 15, 2014"
8,"Surely this is the best rap album of the year, Nicki showed all his feelings in this album a nice way to hear, is not the female version of The BluePrint Jay-Z because it is even better. I do not consider that the best Roman Reloaded but is the second best of the singer, and they continue on this path to overcome each day more, for sure this album is worthy of grammy.
Highlights: Bed Of Lies and The Night Is Still Young
Lows: Mona Lisa and The Crying Game",2,6,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Coming from a hardcore Eminem and Kendrick fan, I'm not really a fan of Nicki's music. But honestly, this album isn't bad, it's not bad at all. It's actually good. Best songs are Grand Piano and Bed of Lies in my opinion.",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"O melhor trabalho da Minaj. All Things Go  a melhor cano, seguida de Grand Piano que mostra uma linda voz. Fico feliz dela ter largado aquele visual de palhaa e aquelas msicas lixo (Starships, Whip It) e ter focado no que ela realmente  boa: rap pesado.",1,3,"Feb  6, 2015"
8,"This is the truest album from Nicki,We can hear the realest Nicki Minaj,this is a very good album,not every songs in this album is awesome,but I do enjoy it.",1,3,"Jan  2, 2015"
10,"Sinceramente esse lbum  muito bom , sonoridade tima e etc... merecia uma nota muito melhor The Pinkprint lbum do ano NOTA 10 espero que essa nota suba muito mais !!!",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This is Minaj's best album to date. She incorporates her fierce and edgy flow into a classic album that will be the Blueprint for future female rappers to come. Her twist on hip hop is as dominant as it has ever been with stellar songs like 'Four Door Aventador' and 'Win Again.' In 'Feeling Myself' with Beyonce both of their distinct innovative styles to clash to create a sure Top 5 (if not number 1) hit. Nicki Minaj has proved with this album that she is someone who lives just the same as the rest of us through her touching stories of untrust and heartbreak. This is album is worth the buy and definitely worth the wait. Nicki Minaj has proved that she IS the Queen of Hip Hop.",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Great album, Nicki don't did a eletropop but your music of this album, are so inspirated and Im amazing with so love and Graceful how she write this songs.",1,3,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"I think that's her best album. Minaj finally could make that 'old' rap, real sing, pop sing, and rap in so many different styles. I can't stop listening to it, I'm pretty sure I'll buy it soon, and I recommend it to everyone. Best musics: Get on Your Knees, Shanghai, Grand Piano, The Night is Still Young, Buy a Heart and The Crying Game.",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This is a smart record that has a lot to say and gives listener a reason to hear it. In contrast with her previous records, fans may surprised by what they find. She experimentally plays a different style and direction lead to diversity of this album. Every single one of the tracks sounds promising and good that this plays like a 'Greatest Hits' package.
The best of the best is Pills n Potions, a slow piano ballad which proved her credibility in delivery both pop and hip hop. Her writing successfully portrayed her true expression, emotion and turn this song into a work of art. Besides, Anaconda, her novelty smash brings genius lyrics with irresistible beats that will be quoted for years to come.
There are some classic tracks here including I Lied and All Thing Go that we got to hear them at their best. Overall, this will be her best work to date but there's a lot of rooms to explore in producing a very cohesive and solid album. To sum up, the album is a notch away from what the fans expect but it's a step towards the singer attracting new fans and without a doubt she made it successfully",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"perfeito!!!!!!!!!!!! minha diva melhor de todas rainha. acabanado com carreiras. diva. diva. melhor lbum. arrasando e divando. diva forever diva diva diva diva diva",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Nicki Minaj deixou o eletropop para se dedicar ao hip hop maduro. Fazendo The PinkPrint o seu melhor e mais aclamado album. Um album com uma sonoridade gostosa e doce. Valorizando sua linda voz. Faz de The PinkPrint o seu melhor album de estudio",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"With this album Nicki shows us another side of herself , and through poignant songs with strong lyrics and vocals demonstrates that rap music is not only vulgar songs. Nicki shows with The Pinkprint she is and has always been the Queen of Rap",1,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"definitivamente um dos melhores lbuns de 2014. Nicki misturou o Rap com R&B/Pop perfeitamente. Grandes nomes, grandes msicas e timos arranjos. Com toda a certeza  o melhor lbum de sua carreira.",1,3,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"This album takes nicki minaj back to her hip hop roots. This album shows great diversity between songs. this is a prime example of why nicki minaj is the queen of rap and the most successful female rapper of all time.",1,3,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"This is perfect. Nicki Minaj is queen. Album is very, very good. I like Grand Piano, Get On Your Kness, Only, Pills N Potions, Feeling Myself and Anaconda",1,3,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Great album, This songs make me cry, Grand Piano is a classic, need be a single, I lied is so emotional, I need this song how a single. Nicki make the Best Hip hop album of year. I love you girl. xoxo",1,3,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"Onika did as he said his words promising something more to the side of its origin even not being 100% rap grung she thought of giving her fans the right pinches for this excluviso luxury Grand Piano purest and genuine band came to show that Maraj in spades is not a mounted thing, made by the label to be 'hit' say, we agree that there is no one worthy to be compared with it even if there are pseudo rappers trying to get to some kind of list is missing ugly feeling that charts is the only way, the right direction is the fans because independent critics WHAT same valley is the opnion of loyal fans SAID AND DONE Onika tHE ONLY QUEEN OF RAP!",1,3,"Dec 21, 2014"
10,"I absolutely loved this album, that's art. You can cry, dance and think about your live earing this one. Nicki was smart when recorded this, I really loved.",1,3,"Dec 22, 2014"
9,"Gotta give credits to Minaj for trying out something different. Unlike her previous albums, this one is a bit dark and slow-paced. Highlights are 'The Crying Game', 'Shanghai', 'Bed of Lies' and 'Pills N Potions'. She's growing as an artist and she's proving it.",1,3,"Dec 29, 2014"
10,"Awesome album, Nicki Minaj put her soul in this album, the best work of her. I love it, there are songs more pop and songs more rap. she shows her voice is beautiful and her great flow.",1,3,"Jan  7, 2015"
8,"I do not consider myself a fan of rap or hip-hop at all, but I thorougly enjoyed this album. Not many artists can pull off an album with 19 songs (on the deluxe edition) that is enjoyable from start to finish, so props to NIcki for doing so. Some songs stand out more than others of course (All Things Go, The Crying Go, Trini Dem Girls, Anaconda), but there aren't any songs on here that I want to skip over.
Nicki's rapping is on point throughout, the production is lush, and lyrically she brings a much needed female perspective to the genre.",1,3,"Jan 12, 2015"
10,"The most I listen to this record the more I love it, it's been on repeat for the last week.  Almost every song is enjoyable, and all of them have at least one irresistible verse. I had respect for Nicki before this record, and after hearing her really pour her heart into these songs, letting us in on things she had kept out of her lyrics for years, I respect her even more for her bravery. Every feature on this album is perfect, Beyonce on Feelin' Myself is a dream come true, Drake on Only is hilarious, Ariana Grande on Get on Your Knees is fierce, and Skylar Grey on Bed of Lies is a feature I didn't know I needed. Although I already published my 'best of 2014' lists, The Pinkprint is making its way to the top (displacing the likes of St. Vincent, Bombay Bicycle Club)",1,3,"Jan 16, 2015"
10,"you can not explain how this album was amazing, deserved to be universally acclaimed because nicki worked very well in it , and who saw the story of the album know what I mean , after all, he was very good for all",1,3,"Feb 28, 2015"
8,"Nicki Minaj's best album. Here, Nicki combines her rapping talent with her lyricism and great production to create a solid album. Yes, there's no denying there are some weak spots but I still think this album is great and should be looked back on as near the best hip hop albums of 2014. This album gets a borderline B+ and A-. Highlights: 'Feeling Myself', 'All Things Go', 'Anaconda', 'Want Some More'. Worst songs: 'Trini Dem Girls', 'Four Door Aventador'",1,3,"Apr  3, 2015"
0,"Boring. Heard this a million times! A couple good songs and one wasn't even her own flow. Seriously, she is okayish lyrically but her beats were trash.",5,16,"Dec 16, 2014"
0,"The album is good, because it returns to its roots of hip hop. But the songs lack some spark, are too boring and repetitive. I think a good album but not the best. Expected to do an album like Azealia Banks, Broke With Expensive Taste, which is perfect and innovative, something is missing in The Pinkprint.
The best songs: Pills N Potions, Anaconda and Feeling Myself.",8,27,"Dec 15, 2014"
0,"Nicki Minaj at his worst, worst album
nothing commercial, all surface to appear to be a rapper she is not
nothing commercial, talking vulgar or futile things to sell as it did when I was crazy outfits and wigs roses
trying to be Katy Perry or Lady Gaga
nicki, on your next album will make you an alter ego or will turn white as iggy? so you can get a number one on the billboard
boring",6,24,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This is Nicki Minaj's best album to date! The album is very personal with some great gems like: Grand Piano, I lied, and shanghai. This album is worth buying everyone",1,4,"Apr  7, 2015"
6,"It was better than I expected and my expectations were very low since she released Anaconda (and that was garbage).
There were some good songs (like The Night Is Still Young and Grand Piano), but a lot of the songs fell short because they were WAY too boring and repetitive.
Yet again mainstream music proves itself to be just as mediocre as you would expect.",3,15,"Dec 15, 2014"
0,"every song on this album is horrible do not buy this horrible album. anaconda is the worst song of 2014 next to wiggle Nicki Minaj is one of the worst singers ever.",3,15,"Apr 25, 2015"
10,"Primeiro porque a bicha fecha. Fez um album espetacular, que me fez pensar na vida, chorar, tentar acompanhar o rap dela. Minaj amadureceu muito desde seu primeiro disco. Sim, ela conseguiu deixar a marca dela",1,5,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Amazing album. Nicki really manages to pour her soul in to her music. A return to hip-hop, great blends of R&B music too. 10 years from now this album will be a classic.",1,5,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Sorry, but the PinkPrint, is really killin' that, you listen other albuns of female rappers (like Iggy) you just listen rap with eletro beats, and Nicki kill with a mix of old school, pop , and New Rap , thats amazing, and she really demonstrate her voice, she kill on Grand Piano, and other musics... but Mona Lisa, is really borinng",1,5,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"It's good to see a Female Rapper arriving at that level, the best Female Rap album a Female Blue Print, Congrats Nicki! Very good your work, When I heard that his Grand Piano Voice sweeter, was one of the best things.",1,5,"Dec 18, 2014"
1,"overall it is really a sad depressing record. Where all the love appearing is toxic, where the raping game doesnt brings her anymore fun.
it's funny that a woman that has acceded the social status she owns, get her life entangled, with such a  morose issues as, the size of her ass (man! what it's gonna be past 40), the size of her man's ... ego and the mood of her relatives. **** please... breathe. as for the last track, 'i win again'... when did she wrote that sh*t? in her schoolyard years?!?!",5,29,"Dec 15, 2014"
5,"There's no doubt about it, This IS Nicki's best work to date.It also has some pretty good cuts like 'Anaconda' 'Bed of Lies' 'Only' and 'Feeling Myself'. but half of the album is pretty much a dissapointment. 'Pills n Potions'? seriously? c'mon Nicki, you can do better. like, a lot better.",1,8,"Dec 15, 2014"
0,"This is album is a pop album, not a hip hop album. If it is considered hip hop, then this album is garbage. I don't know what route she wanted to take but it's a total fail. This album is an easy skip or ignore for the year.",4,42,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Star Power. Every body in it but nobody stole the show from Nicki Minaj. From heartbroken singing to straight rapping,she make it reasonable,and also she both did it great.",0,1,"Dec 19, 2014"
6,"Undoubtedly Nicki Minajs best album to date, this album is a classic example of an album with highs and lows, as without horrible tracks like Trini Dem Girls and Anaconda, as well as suspect tracks such as Only and Four Door Aventador, this one could be truly something to behold, which was not at all what I expected. As her last album may have been one of my least favorite releases of 2012, I obviously had extremely low expectations for this one, but Nicki showed her skills her on many occasions, in large part thanks to her being willing to get emotional. Tracks such as All Things Go, I Lied, The Crying Game, Pills n Potions, and Bed of Lies, are all very good songs that honestly helped to reshape my opinion of Nicki and elevated this album above her more stereotypical and sexed up tracks. In addition, the song Grand Piano just really, really touched my heart and is far and away the best track on this album and one that will be on replay for me for a while. Without some of the bottom feeding tracks aimed at the lowest common denominator, this album could have been something to truly behold, but sadly, it is not. I hope that for her next album, she sticks with the emotional side of things where she can truly flex her vocal skills, her rapping skills, and strike a chord rather than just try to sell her body to thirsty dudes.",0,1,"Dec 21, 2014"
7,"If Pink Friday established her as a voice with versatility and Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded established her as a voice with commercial impact, The Pinkprint at last establishes her as a voice altogether. Its her most accomplished album to date. Especially its first half, where Nicki Minajno, not Roman Zolanski or Barbie, but Onika Maraj herselfhighlights her vulnerability on All Things Go, a record referencing the murder of her cousin and an abortion she had when she was a teenager, and I Lied, one of Mike Will Made Its darkest productions to date that could or could not lyrically trace back to Minajs longtime relationship with Safaree Samuels, which allegedly ended in 2014 and is seemingly Pinkprints primary go-to inspiration. And then theres her continuously maturing sexual confidence on the Dr. Luke produced Get On Your Kneesco-written by Katy Perry, features Ariana Grande, but couldnt come close to being deemed radio-friendlyand Only, which has Minajs most memorable verse on the entirety of the album.
Minaj has a lot of collaborators on The Pinkprint, but mostly lets everyone know whos running this show. And when shes not, its her holding herself back. Unfortunately, where Pinkprint stumbles, its when Minaj tries to throw the ball to everyone on the court, usually fresher faces. Its an exemplification of how obvious it is that they were tacked on post-production by her record label. Even Queen B makes an underwhelming appearance on Feeling Myself, which is less Pinkprint and more of a blueprint appropriately scheduled after their previous diva dominating collaboration on the remix of Beyoncs ***Flawless.
Though not all collaborations are a misfortune on an overall solid record, Minajs intent on reviving the more urban oriented sounds of her pre-Pink Friday mixtapes means Pinkprints singlesobviously meant to compensate for any financial loss in case nobody buys into serious Nickiare underwhelming as well: Pills N Potions is gimmicky, hollowly produced, and is pushed to the second half after her much, much more vulnerable offerings on the first three tracks; Anaconda is conceptually well-intentioned and fun, but the second-half is just a compilation of Minajs gurgling, wannabe Weezy laughs, and skinny-shaming lines that turn on the singles initial theme; and Bed of Lies, which is just dull and a rehash of everything that topped the R&B charts in the last three years.
But once you quit scoffing at the overabundance of filler collaborations and more of Minajs attempt at recreating the success of Super Bass, The Pinkprint is her most accomplished album to date. Her singing still isnt as versatile as her rapping skills, but theres definitive enough talent there to make sappy power ballads like album closer Grand Piano convincing enough to make us feel for her heartbreak over whats-his-name. Its not a foreseeable classic like the Jay-Z album it replicates by title, but its anotherif not largerstep-forward into the legacy that is Nicki Minaj.
Overall rating: 7.2",0,1,"Jan  2, 2015"
10,"One hundred percent Nicki's best album yet. The album is flowing with creativity as well as R&B with rap and pop influences. The Crying Game, Trini Dem Girls and Get on Your Knees are the best songs.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
10,"best album of 2014, nicki minaj finalized this year giving us this album, she has all we need mixtape sound and also her pop sound that have opened doors to her in the industry, indisputably the Queen of Rap.",0,1,"Dec 15, 2014"
8,"It's a great album, though it didn't quite live up to my expectations. For example, Get on Your Knees sounds odd at some times, and something about the song doesn't seem really right. Some tracks, like Anaconda, are questionable, but other amazing tracks, like All Things Go, make up for it. Her rapping and vocals are flawless as usual. It's a very mature step forward from Roman Reloaded and Pink Friday.",0,1,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Clearly this album shows how much Nicki has grown as an artist. There's no doubt that she's a lyrical force to be reckoned with, relying on her what she raps rather than the hooks. With the ballads 'I Lied' and 'Grand Piano' Nicki shows she's more than just a rapper but that she's an artist who performs from the soul.  The Pinkprint is her deepest and most emotional album to date, speaking upon Heart break, lost of a family member and her relevance and experience on the throne. There's even a few fun tracks where she continues to show her humor. The title of the album 'The Pinkprint' is just the start of what the album is and will be. So far this is her best album because its personal and each line from each song comes from within her. For being original and sticking true to herself and to the genre of Hip Hop in which she promised this album would be, i give it a 10.",0,1,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Best album by a female rapper,nicki minaj shows its full potential with this wonderful album with beautiful melodies and big hits! showing because it is considered the queen of rap.",0,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
6,"The production on this album shows somewhat of an improvement of Nicki Minaj as an artist, I think that the features on the album overpowered her as I want to see her with less features and needs to showcase that she doesn't need a Drake or Lil Wayne on her album.",0,1,"Jan 16, 2015"
1,"not many good songs. only a few actually sound good. not sure why a lot of artists cant make an album with  more songs to enjoy instead of a few. oh well.",0,1,"Apr 28, 2016"
4,"A rather disappointing effort from Take That. Whilst some of the tracks have a different feel and a more modern style to them than previous material, incorporating a more electronic style; it seems as though the mentality of 'ballard writing' has gone to Gary Barlow's head a bit too much. The majority of these songs are written in an attempt to be ballads, but are some distance from pulling it off. The track 'Flaws' sums this album up perfectly for me. Flaws just about everywhere you look.",1,1,"Apr  6, 2015"
3,"These backstreet boy wannabees must be taking bribes from the band chk chk chk, or atleast enough to have stolen their album cover concept.
While they look like them and sound like them. They are impostors into the dance band genre.",2,4,"Dec 23, 2014"
9,"Although it seems like a retrospective from his past albums don't lose the amazingness, full with stadium-ready songs and big chorus the almost half of take that manage to make a fun and uplifting album.
Maybe some will call it the Gary B show, but Gary can't pull it alone and he knows it.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2015"
5,"(a quick point to note about Go_Logic's review; whilst Take That may seem like a copy of Backstreet Boys, Take That were actually founded 3 years before BSB. It's very much impossible to be an impostor with something founded after then)
Now, onto the actual album; there's very little there is to say. It's a typical boyband album. A tired genre and a tired sound which, in the end, turns out to sound very much like its self.",0,2,"Dec 24, 2014"
8,"...................................................................................................A Good time listening................................The new songs are beautiful with excessions",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
8,".....................................................................................................................................................................................Great album",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
4,"Saudades David Guetta do lbum Nothing But The Beat, esse lbum est horrvel, poucas se salvam
Pontos altos: S.T.O.P. e Bad
Pontos baixos: Rise e Goodbye Friend",2,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
5,"There is an inherent problem with David Guetta's Listen - the lyrics are all sad and downbeat (coming off the break up of his marriage) and yet he insists on employing his usual uplifting EDM music to the tunes. So many of these songs would have benefited from being kept stripped back and simple. Instead Guetta tries to add his signature pounding dance beats to them. The result is a misfire.",1,1,"Jan 19, 2015"
0,"Agreed completely with the negative reviews. One of the biggest letdowns this year in the genre of electronic dance music. At least Motion was slightly better than this.",3,5,"Nov 26, 2014"
1,"OMG where do i start. this has to be the most boring and worst album made as far as EDm/pop is concerned. There is literally nothing in this album that hasn't been heard before. All the songs follow the same formula and are literally all the same thing with the same drops and the same sound. What makes this worse for me is the fact that David Guetta had the guts to say he focused more on songwriting and was coming out with a new sound. **** please. this is the same boring EDM formula every so-called DJ uses. At least Calvin Harris had the decency to not hype his album knowing he was making some more formulaic crap. This album deserves a nice zero for wasting my time and everyone else's but I'll give it a one just because i actually liked one of the songs.
NB: This album is literally the first album in which Sia has a song I don't like. You went and broke Sia's perfect streak with this horsecrap. Well done.",7,12,"Nov 24, 2014"
0,"After huge disappointment of Motion by Calvin Harris, another highly anticipated album by famous French DJ David Guetta made a debut. Lead by single Dangerous featuring Sam Smith, the album failed to impress audience unlike his previous works. There is nothing special to enjoy every single beat of the tracks and the whole album just go wrong. A very bad year for EDM albums.",4,8,"Nov 26, 2014"
10,"This is definitely my favorite upbeat, dance music cd this year.  I plan to wear it out, while exercising and during my morning commute to energize me and put me in a positive mood to start the day.  Every track is high energy and so much fun.",2,6,"Nov 26, 2014"
9,"A great new album of the french DJ David Guetta. The songs are great. After a long time waiting of new songs finally we got it. For me was it a great comeback because the competition is big so i start listen other DJs but now with this amazing album i start listen again. His old music he made was different but despite that i think it is great because that it is one of the best albums i have ever listen.",3,11,"Nov 25, 2014"
7,"No entiendo las notas, su ltimo lbum en mi opinin tena canciones mucho menos pegadizas, este en general me parece bastante animado, algunas canciones estn bastante bien.
No seis tan amargados, no merece un suspenso!",0,7,"Nov 26, 2014"
7,"A nice move from Guetta, a mature and more elaborated album. Not only the usual EDM songs, but some well produced non-electronic sounds like in 'I'll Keep Loving You'. The French DJ combines his sound with british singers Emeli Sand and Birdy, the band The Script, Australian songwriter Sia, rapper Nicki Minaj, OneRepublic's front-man Ryan Tedder, brilliant singer Skylar Grey and others. The Highlights are 'What I Did For Love', 'No Money No Love', 'Goodbye Friend' and 'Listen'.",0,2,"Jan 24, 2015"
6,"Honestly, this album feels more like a top-40 showcase than an actual house album. You could play these songs one after another with Calvin Harris' Motion album, and it'll be hard pressed to tell the difference between the two.
Thats not to say its a bad thing, but I can see how it would be a turn off to some. Some songs hit, a few more miss, making this album just slightly above average.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2015"
6,"6.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
5,"It's an okay dance album, Motion was definitely better.
Not as bad as Forget The World by Afrojack
Some songs are great others are just ehh.
Could've done better.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"This album is completely amazing; unlike the other Albums of One Diection behind this more seriously while more intelligence. Their songs are harmonious. The five voices come together and complement each other forming a wonderful, spectacular only perfect voice. A positive point is that the more the music was composed by its own members demonstrating more confidence and maturity.",2,2,"Dec  7, 2014"
10,"My rating is inflated if only to combat the fools posting 0's for this album.  It's nothing groundbreaking, inspiring, or even noteworthy, but Four is not a zero by any means.
As far as teen pop goes, this album unfortunately represents the mainstream and is representative of One Direction at this point in time.  Given the couple songs worth listening to, I honestly give it a 7.",2,2,"Jan 28, 2015"
10,"Some will not even listen to the songs but say they hate it because it's One Direction and their music in the past was incredibly overproduced and auto-tuned with the exception of Midnight Memories, but FOUR... if you give it a chance is actually really great. The songs are stripped back, different from the pop songs being made today and that are charting, has better lyrics and clever wordplay and very catchy. Goodjob 1D, in trying to improve your sound and succeeding. My favourite is No Control, Stockholm Syndrome and Clouds but I like every song and I'm never bored because they're all different from each other but all so 1D.",4,5,"Nov 17, 2014"
0,"What Happended with them? 'Up All Night' and 'Take Me Home' is so much better than this. Even 'Midnight Memories' are better than this one. I just wish they did something new, I listen to the full album and I feel like I'm listening to the same song over and over. Super Overrated.",5,7,"Nov 18, 2014"
10,"One Direction presents her new album Four An album full of exciting characters and a familiar sound but managed point amuses us. Songs like 'Where Do Broken Hearts Go?' 'No Control' and 'Steal my girl' give a more fun touch to the album . Laden ballads like 'Night Changes' and 'Fireproof' give it a sweeter touch the album to the point that at some time ou out an occasional tear. Four is positioned as a very mature album for the boys of One Direction.",2,3,"Dec 13, 2014"
10,"I was never a fan of 1D but I'll give credit where it is due, I see why they're popular now or maybe it is that they've improved so much but they are great singers and FOUR was extremely catchy and well written when   my friend made me listen to it. There wasn't a song I disliked, maybe Steal My Girl I didn't care for that much but the others are extremely different and they've gained a new fan. Instead of being close-minded and dismissing everything 1D do, give FOUR a good listen.",4,7,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"A very well written and produced album. What I don't understand is this site, it has gotten a lot of great reviews yet it isn't being added here especially since it's from web sites that you previously used to measure their metacritic score. And zaimin, Up All Night was rubbish and was not them at all, it was too autotuned and overproduced but FOUR shows how beautiful their voices are on their own with great harmonise and the writing is much better with more clever lyrics. This is them, this is how they feel now, the first album was controlled by others and sung by them.",4,8,"Nov 18, 2014"
7,"What a speed of releasing an album one after another. Like their previous albums this album has all the sounds that you hear often  from the boy band. A must listen record. A 7 outta 10.",2,4,"Dec 12, 2014"
10,"If outperformed, by far the best album, they grew, have evolved, the sound is better, then the compositions, so amazing, it's something more mature, more complex, more well prepared,  One Direction reached new level",1,2,"Nov 23, 2014"
10,"From a distance you see it's not their best album, but we see a revolution by the band, leaving your comfort zone (bubblegum pop) and going to a Folk, just wish every success for these magnificent guys: D",1,2,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"Their most experimental album to date and most biggest failure. The latest record lacks of factors compared to the epic 'Story of My Life' and unforgettable fun and catchy beats of 'What Makes You Beautiful'. Some tracks are lyrically mess and forgettable make this album no special. However, it can't be denied that a few tracks are worthy to listen such as '18' thanks to masterpiece touch by Ed Sheeran. Honestly, it still can't change the fact that the album was a big disappointment with no direction ironically by One Direction. Prove me wrong with you next record guys....",6,14,"Nov 17, 2014"
1,"Expecting the best resulting the worst. Kinda disapointed with their latest record. Their first debut Up All Night and the following album Take Me Home million ways better than this. But if you're fan, it's worthy since it maybe their last album. Hopefully not.",9,22,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"'Four' is by far their best album, the compositions, the sound, the album is impeccable, the people like to find fault in 'One Direction' saying that they are a 'manufactured' band but refuse to know their job completely and listen to their albums carefully. Beijos da tia do blog",10,25,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"Is their evolution as an artist , expanded borders. Four is the best job of them released so far , with influences from folk shown work from the predecessor Midnight Memories .",2,5,"Nov 17, 2014"
4,"It's their most mature album to date, which could suggest something more worth the while in their future. knocking that potentiality aside however, its still an album short of anything particularly new and perhaps, in addition to churning out albums literally one after the other, Four feels somewhat similar to their previous work in some aspects as it simply feels incomplete and overrated.",1,4,"Nov 21, 2014"
10,"FOUR is absolutely brilliant and one of the best pop albums of 2014. I love how they progressed through the years and have proven everyones expectations wrong. It is better lyrically and stripped down and they are refreshing from the usual pop music that is being put out today as well as TS. It has a song for everyone because of the variety the album holds from soft sweet sounds with a folky drum beat and smooth harmonise to upbeat sounds with an edge. Also, their voices are a dream and I love how all of their voices are different but comes together so perfectly when they harmonise or sing a chorus as a group.",4,17,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"good album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! one direction always improving.................................................................",3,13,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"the best album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is the best album of them! they evolved greatly, the songs are better, the melodies are the best .... I loved the four!",4,18,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"Great album. They still pop, which is very good, because they are pop artists and they will always be pop artists. Some songs are not very good, but other are are extremely amazing. When you hear the album for the first time you really get crazy with the songs. The lyrics and the sound of the songs are much better than their previous albums. Almost the full album was written by them. Now it feels that they are grown and mature enough to be artists.",1,5,"Nov 17, 2014"
0,"Please murder me now!!!!!!!!!!! this album is just a crime to music, and the only reason their successful is because teenage girls like fingering themselves while they listen to this album, the ordering is all wrong, the songs are just the same as the past 3 albums which are just about how much they love and respect girls (which they don't). The sooner these guys go the better so we can finally get some good music on the radio instead on the toyboy Harry Styles.",1,7,"Jun  2, 2015"
0,"Al igual que con Justin Bieber, esta msica me produce nuseas, es un producto 100% comercial y pasajero para chicas adolescentes, de ese que cuando lo escuchas te apetece cambiar de emisora y no volverlo a escuchar en la vida.",1,8,"Nov 26, 2014"
10,"I really enjoyed this album. It's filled with catchy pop songs with clever lyrics. I don't know why they chose Steal My Girl as the single when they were far better tracks on the album.",1,8,"Nov 18, 2014"
6,"One Direction's most mature album it's so amazing but it feels so empty. The fact that One Direction came out in 2012 (2011 in the United Kingdom) as a teen boy band with catchy lyrics and songs and, regrettably, with some auto-tune in their debut album 'Up All Night' feels so weird if you listen to this album. There are amazing lyrics, amazing sounds, amazing voices and amazing talent of these five boys, but something is missing. In its fourth studio album they sound completely different and amazing, but they need to work if they want this to work. Higlights of the album: 'Fireproof', 'Stockholm Syndrome' and 'Spaces'.",0,4,"Nov 18, 2014"
5,"I've never been a fan of One Direction but this album is actually surprisingly tolerable. It's certainly an improvement from the previous songs I've heard from them. Although, I think the problem was that most of the songs had the same feel to them. Maybe some kind of variation would have refined their album greatly but other than that, not bad. I reckon the best ones are probably 'Steal My Girl', 'Girl Almighty' and 'Once In a Lifetime'. Hopefully they'll keep up this type of progress in their music.",0,1,"Dec  5, 2014"
2,"The frustrated attempts to appear more mature ended the album, some songs were even good. But others like, steal my girl, could be compared with trash.",0,1,"Dec 11, 2014"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,1,"May  4, 2015"
1,"eard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstrehjjjjj",0,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
7,"The world-dominating boy band has been on top since they first squeaked out seemingly innocent songs about modest girls back in 2011. Now, in 2014, the band has taken a massive step out of their normal zone (that zone consisting of songs sung by teenage girls in their bedroom while swooning over life-sized posters of the wind-blown British beauties). With their appropriately titled fourth album Four, One Direction have smartened up in  terms of song arrangement and the quality of their tracks.
The album starts out with a familiar trope seen on previous Direction albums. The boys are still singing about 'that one girl' who they unknowingly objectify and possess with a childish gaze. 'Steal My Girl' is meant to come across as a cute track about a boy who wants to protect his girl from someone else taking said girl away from him. Unfortunately, the band falls into a realm of their previous failures with a cheesy attempt at love. However, aside from this preliminary hiccup, the band begins their journey upwards towards a climactic finale.
From their humble beginnings, One Direction presented themselves as a wholesome boy band who dedicated themselves to the teenage girls who adored them. With this new album, a certain sophistication has entered the music. More memorable rhythms, cleaner instrumentals, and crisper vocalization aids Four to create a pop album with substance. Rather than being a traumatic effort of shallowness that befalls countless other pop artists (cough cough, Sam Smith, despite his angelic voice), One Direction rises above the rest with killer arrangements and blaring rock sounds.
The album as a whole is a layered affair. Dabbling in both shrieking rock anthems and heart-felt acoustic ballads, the boys have expanded their repertoire in order to appeal to a larger audience. Although the lyrics may have their typical issues, the overall package is something worthwhile. The production of Four is its saving grace. Often times, bands use post-production assistance in the wrong way and overdo their appearance (a recent example of this is The Beastie Boys' Hot Sauce Committee Part 2). One Direction do have assistance in making their sound remain purely pop, yet the pop produced is listenable. If they continue to evolve their music over the years, One Direction may cross streams with a more alternative sound down the road.
Four is One Direction's best effort to date because of its explosive instrumentations and thoughtful vocal harmonies. Though they may not be The Beatles of our generation, if One Direction are the shining examples of where music is headed, I'm okay with that.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2014"
1,"Muito ruim! Cada vez que ouo ''Steal My Girl'', sinto vontade de me jogar contra a parede. Ao menos minhas oraes esto fazendo efeito e parece que o prazo de validade deste grupo j passou!",0,0,"Apr 24, 2015"
1,"This is a slight and I mean very slight improve on the previous I wish I could score it 0.5 as it wasn't as bad as the previous but not good enough for a 1 so I settled for a score of 1 because it wasn't bad enough for a 0.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
4,"I didn't think the best album from the boys of One Direction. With this changed drastically from pop to folk and the like, was very sleepy and strange on their part. Midnight Memories is better and they can improve.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO segundo melhor album da carreira, pisem mais reis",0,0,"Nov 12, 2015"
10,"My favorite album of theirs yet. It has a more refreshing sound than their previous albums, and the boys have put more of their own writing into the album.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2014"
10,"i love this album so much every song in the album is so catchy and one of their best album and their showing an improvement it's way better than take me home and up all night",0,0,"Jan 30, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum deles ate agora. Esto cada vez crescendo pra melhor. No  aqueles pop chicletes enjoativos que esto no mercado,  bom de se ouvir. Msicas originais, bem escritas e trabalhadas. Parabns!!",0,0,"Feb  8, 2015"
10,"The best album, I'm so excited to the next album without Zayn. This is my second favorite album. No control, Where Do Brokn Hearts Go, Once in a Lifetime, Ready to run and Fireproof are the best musics",0,0,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"You have an idea of what One Direction's music is right now and it's 100% wrong. Get ready for introspective, reflective, brutal honesty about carnal lust, hollow love, and the trappings of one's own flaws.  Whether you realise it or not, you're underestimating One Direction.  Time to change your mind.
Steal My Girl - The safe first single.  Anthemic, warm, uninspired.  Odd choice to have a singalong chorus paired with choppy, speak-sing verses.  Niall sounds great (for his two seconds) and Harry's bridge is heartfelt and delicate.  Some great falsetto from Zayn at the end.
Ready To Run - Uplifting tune about strength and triumph.  Great workout track.  Verses are straightforward vocally, the lyrics are intriguing. Gotta say, this definitely sounds like a coming out anthem, particularly Louis's verse (the band member who the gay rumours persist about even now)
Where Do Broken Hearts Go - this massive guitar-led tune is LOUD and has a lot to say.  Written by Harry, it documents the realisation that dumping someone without warning isn't nice. Once you burn someone, they don't always wanna hear from you again. Harry's gonna keep trying, anyway.  Niall is on point here, handling the first verse with ease.  Louis steals the show at the end, his higher voice storming over the clashing guitars.
18 -  An understated ballad written by 1D BFF Ed Sheeran, Niall sounds like him in parts.  The lyrics suit 1D's journey, documenting a quick growing up and a desire to reflect on shared memories.  Louis is the highlight, utilized as an emotional punch in the face, his voice so heartfelt, one can only imagine the memories that rush to the minds of these incredibly famous young men during the thousand year pause after 'I have loved you since we were 18....'
Girl Almighty - the lyrics sound nonsensical but what sells them is the genuine performances.  They mean every word. This is a love letter to the mass of young women who made them the biggest band in the world. 'There's something happening here/I hope you feel what I'm feeling too' sounds like recognition of a revolution and 'Let's have another toast to the girl almighty' sounds like acknowledgement of the empire fans created around them.  The energy and lively, fun arrangement are the stars here.
Fool's Gold - this supposed 'boy band' put an easy listening ballad on their album - and it works.  The lyrical content is deep, Harry documents relationship dysfunction, willingly believing in empty love because it's better than nothing.  Niall sounds heavenly, the standouts are Zayn accurately portraying conscious misery, then Harry comes through with a sharp 'Yes I let you use me' and the clear narrative is 'I know I'm wrong, I should do better by myself - I just don't want to'.  Interesting, gritty stuff.
Night Changes - Liam is in top form and everyone sounds comfortable. A song you have to be in a specific mood for.  If you're melancholy, perfect.  Follows similar theme to 18, the boys clearly reflected on how quickly they've grown up, people in their early 20s often start looking back while moving forward.
No Control - LOUIS.  A filthy, breathless ode to sexual frustration that powers along like a car without brakes. Louis leads the blazing chorus into the depths of horny despair along with crunchy guitars and sharp hand claps.  Harry drawls his hot descriptive lyrics with such authenticity you know he's been in the positions described many times.  Damn!
Fireproof - Ask fans what this song means and you get fond noises, hands on hearts, dreamy smiles and 'It's...FIREPROOF'. The band released it as a free gift, it exists on its own, the universal favourite, the untouchable. Like Girl Almighty, it could be about the fan/band relationship. As everyone says, boy bands aren't built to last.  But this one did.  How?  Who knows?  Maybe they're fireproof.  Musically and vocally, this sounds like a warm hug from an old friend.
Spaces - the song that made everyone realise someone was halfway gone. Great vocally, very depressing lyrically. Pain is essential to growing up, doesn't make it any easier.  Zayn, Harry and Niall on point here.
Stockholm Syndrome - 1D channels Tears for Fears and documents falling for someone when you were really only planning on staying the night.  Liam is the highlight, his beautiful falsetto bringing a beautifully written bridge to life.  Should've been a single.
Clouds - the album closes with a huge bang. This is 1D meets Jimmy Eat World and it storms around but never quite leaves jam session status.  Everyone is vocally strong enough to carry it to a certain height but a few voices lose their individuality in the monotony of the verses.  The harmonies in the bridge and Harry's five hour vocal runs are the highlights.  Exhaustingly fun way to finish a truly superb album.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2015"
5,"Four = Midnight Memories = Take Me Home = Up All Night.
Four albums, the four albums are just the same, they singing about love girls and I feel very dessapointed with it. However, the production is brilliant.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2015"
10,"REIS MESMO, PISA COM FORAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA PISAM EM UNS PISOU NOS HATERS PISOU EM TUDO MELHOR ALBUM DA CARREIRA SO NAO VE QUEM NAO QUER GENTE PISA MESMO",0,0,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Muito mais maduro e cheio de hinos. Eles so muito talentosos e merecem tudo o que conquistaram. Melhor lbum deles s no ve quem no quer, que venham mais e mais lbuns depois desse.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"melhor boyband do mundo sim gente, nao gostou manda spam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
4,"'Four' has definitely showed that the group has matured since their debut album. Sure, the only subject is love, but this album isn't as bad as other boy band albums, and it certainly didn't give anyone AIDS, like most people act like it did. I'd call this album half-decent. And also, I don't blame Zayn for leaving. Listening to screaming teenage girls for 5 years can really tire you out.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2015"
9,"One Direction are an English-Irish pop boy band featuring Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne and Niall Horan.  In 2010, the band signed with Simon Cowells record label Syco Records after placing third in the British television show The X factor.  Their most recent album, Four, released November 17, 2014 contains a different kind of sound from the band.  Every November since 2011, One Direction puts out a new record, making it a perfect gift for the upcoming holidays.  The bands previous albums contain predominantly pop music; Four  has been called saturated with retro vibes by Rolling Stone.  Payne claimed this record to be much edgier than what they are used to.  This edgy record sold over 3.2 million copies in 2014.
The album includes use of different instruments and sounds.  This album is hard to dislike; its catchy and upbeat and makes you want to jump around.  The album was placed at number eleven on Cosmopolitan's list of 'The 20 Best Albums of 2014.  Jessica Goodman and Ryan Kistobak of The Huffington Post included the album on their list of 2014's best releases, claiming that '2014 will forever be known as the year that we realized One Direction was actually, dare we say, good.  Many well known artists were brought in to assist One Direction in writing the album such as The 1975, John Legend and Emeli Sand.  While listening to the beginning of the track Change Your Ticket (only available on the deluxe version of the album) for the first time many would be almost sure they are listening to a song by The 1975.  Although many tracks do sound similar to previous albums by the band, Act My Age has a folk music sort of sound to it.   Stockholm Syndrome has a similar sound to girl band HAIM, an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California.  Also, tracks such as Fools Gold, Night Changes and Fireproof have a much slower rhythm to them, unlike Clouds, Spaces, and No Control which have a lot going on during the chorus and make you want to turn your headphones all the way up.  Of course the release of Four meant another tour soon to come.
The album is extremely catchy and hard to resist, hard to dislike whether you are a fan of the band or not.  This record contains a new sound from the band, and a new beginning.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2015"
10,"O que falar sobre os novos Beatles? A cada album se firmando cada vez mais na musica e se tornar um dos maiores grupos de todos os tempos. Desde o comeo da carreira ouo que a carreira deles acabaria no ano seguinte e j esto indo pro 5 album. Parece que o jogo virou n eh msm?",0,0,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, i'ts beautiful",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"this is one direction best album in my opinion, the work that they put into this album it's amazing. Their vocals are great and the production too, they deserve the success of this. people say that  they are a 'bad, manufacturaded, poor, sh*tty band', but please, one day, listen carefully to one of the albums, maybe you can enjoy one song, don't follow people stereotypes, look for your own way to watch the world.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
5,"Plot me karamele vesh , Motion sht nj tjetr shembull i nj album EDM shkuar nuk ka ku . Me ndihmn e shum artistve t shfaqur , Calvin Harris trheq nj grup t mir t kngve pr t mbajtur t pushtuar . Duke krkuar pr nj LP me nj  tregim? Shikoni diku tjetr , ose ju do t ndiheni t paknaqur
5/10
i przier",1,1,"Nov 14, 2014"
3,"While I really enjoyed 'I Created Disco,' 'Ready For The Weekend,' and '18 Months,' I'm really disappointed by this album.
It's not completely without substance - 'It Was You' feat. Firebeatz, and 'Burnin' feat R3hab stand out as enjoyable tracks.  'Together' feat. Gwen Stefani was also reminiscent of older Harris tracks.
The rest of this album, however, has a certain hackneyed finish to it.  Most of the songs are over-compressed, giving the album a 'nuked for radio' sound.  The majority of the drops sound flat and predictable as a result.  There is audible distortion in some of the tracks as well, which is completely unacceptable for an artist of this caliber.  'Outside' and 'Open Wide' are the biggest examples of audible distortion - the choruses sounds like they were processed through a Boss Metal Zone.  This album was the victim of a 'loudness war' mix, and an amateur one at that.
In addition, this album has an all-star line-up, but fails to deliver an all-star product.  It's like the 2004 Dream Team or the 2008 Yankees - the mere existence of high caliber talent doesn't make for a championship team.  Harris's songs with Alesso, John Newman, Ellie Goulding, Haim, Big Sean, and Gwen Stefani - all great in their own respects - sound more like product extensions than they do artistic collaborations.
Some of the songs sound a little imitated as well - the syncopated percussive lines in 'Dollar Signs' seems to borrow heavily from Martin Garrix's 'Animals,' and the perfomance from Tinashe that sounds like Rihanna Lite. (Rihanna also had a song about dollar signs, oddly enough.)
Overall, this majority of this album sounds like a label executive's idea of an electronic music album, more than it sounds like an electronic music album made by one of the best DJs in electronic music.  I'm sure it will get plenty of radio spins, and maybe be featured in a few tech product commercials, but that won't make this album any better.
Sorry to say, but this album isn't Harris's best work.  The best we can hope for is that the sales from this album will fuel a more earnest effort in the future.",1,2,"Nov  7, 2014"
8,"Calvin continues to do what he knows best. It is great to see him collaborating with other producers including Alesso, Ummet Ozcan, R3HAB and Firebeatz to create something truly amazing. The collaborations with the guest vocalists are great as usual because Calvin creates a sound that will work for the featured artists that can work exceptionally well with their vocals. Also, it is great to hear Calvin sing on the opening track 'Faith', it works well for his voice. It is good to see him taking risks production wise because he went back to his roots on 'Slow Acid' which is a departure from his usual sound but fans from the 'I Created Disco' era would recognise that instantly. This continues to show that he is a versatile producer, songwriter and singer and definitely not a 'sellout' or a one trick pony which some people would bash on him.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2014"
10,"melhor dj do mundo n gente vai pa merda pq esse album t topado assim como clarity do zedd vei to digitando a toa 3 vezes pq n atingiu 150 caracteres vai p puta q te pariu",0,1,"Nov 22, 2014"
9,"I remember hearing the theme Outside at a road cafeteria, that rhythm which moves countless sensations, with Ellie Goulding's particular voice, while I was watching a group of people chatting to each other, the lovely shop decoration, and the vast fields through the windows, and I got to appreciate that beautiful moment.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2014"
4,"In general, the catchy beats and trendy vocal hooks cover up the fact that there is little, almost none true personality and creativity from Harris in this album. As it turns out, Motion is more than disappointing, leaving a still blank space where a blank space, desirous of expression, used to be. Since I always highlight a few tracks, for Motion it will be 'Slow Acid', which is the only track that expresses something personal, and 'Pray To God', which is the only valuable collaboration of the whole album.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2014"
7,"As a big fan both Calvin Harris and EDM music, I was very excited to hear about the Scottish DJ's fourth studio album, 'Motion', which was due to be released on October 31. The album would include hit singles such as 'Summer', 'Blame', featuring John Newman, as well as 'Under Control', a collaboration with Alesso, with vocals from Theo Hutchcraft of Hurts. I was looking forward to hearing much more new content on the album, as Harris' previous album, 18 Months, eventually had 9 of the 15 album tracks released as singles. I have to admit, though, that as a fan, some of the tracks disappointed me a bit, mainly due to the same old, boring repetitiveness. However, some album highlights such as 'Together' featuring Gwen Stefani, 'Burnin', a collaboration with R3hab, 'Pray To God', featuring Haim, as well as 'Dollar Signs', featuring Tinashe, really do outshine most of the others. Overall, I don't really mind if some parts of the record got a bit predictable. However, I do hope Calvin might take on another perspective on his music anytime soon.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2014"
7,"PT (BR): Inicialmente, eu no tive desejo algum em ouvir o projeto 'Motion'. Achava eu no ter curiosidade por algum qualquer lbum dele at que me propus a ouvir seu mais recente single 'Pray To God' em parceria com a banda HAIM. Eu no tive palavras para definir o quanto aquilo era de certa forma 'diferente' do seu ponto de vista e conforto, sendo assim, isto me deu coragem a embarcar numa jornada atravs de mais prolas como essa no seu trabalho. E Novamente, me encontrei de queixo cado. Eu simplesmente adorei toda aquela melodia eufrica de um modo que nada era to indiferente  cada cano. 'Under Control', 'Pray To God', 'Open Wide', 'Ecstasy' e 'Together', com certeza na minha opinio foram a supremacia deste lbum. Na minha opinio, nada mais que clara, 'Together' e 'Ecstasy' devem ser as prximas apostas de Calvin quanto a futuros singles. Alm da cano 'Love Now', que tambm  tima. Um lbum um tanto bom quanto fraco em certos sentidos, porm maravilhoso em outros.
EN (US): Initially, I did not have any desire to hear the project 'Motion'. I thought I did not have any curiosity for a live album until I set out to hear his latest single 'Pray To God' in partnership with HAIM band. I had no words to define how much it was somehow 'different' from their point of view and comfort, so this gave me the courage to embark on a journey through more gems like this in their work. And again, I found myself blown away. I just loved all that euphoric melody in a way that nothing was as indifferent will each song. 'Under Control', 'Pray To God', 'Open Wide', 'Ecstasy' and 'Together', certainly in my opinion were the supremacy of this album. In my opinion, nothing but clear, 'Together' and 'Ecstasy' should be the next betting Calvin about future singles. In the song 'Love Now', which is also great. An album quite good as weak in some ways, but wonderful in others.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2015"
8,"Although this album reeks of plain EDM composition and doesn't have much original elements, this album is definitely a winner.
Songs such as 'summer', 'pray to god', 'outside', 'overdrive', 'under control' etc are good and pleasant to listen to.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2015"
8,"I would like to start this review off by saying right now this album definitely isn't as good as 18 Months.
But let me explain why it gets an 8.
Overall this is a pretty good dance album. Plenty of good songs including the singles ( Summer, Blame, Outside, Under Control, Pray To God etc.)
Also songs like Faith and Ecstasy are awesome as well!
Really to me, the first half of this album is a 10, it's just in the second half, it goes downhill a little.
The second half starts with summer, a pretty awesome start to the second half.
Overdrive isn't a bad song, but it gets redundant hearing the whole thing.
Ecstasy is a pretty good song. Awesome vocals.
Pray To God is awesome
Open Wide starts off well with Big Sean, but the drop isn't that good.
Together is a solid song, not the best but solid.
Burnin is okay, but again kinda redundant
Dollar Signs is honestly the weakest track here. The drop is completely flat.
Overall Pretty Good dance album, just thought the back half could have been better.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
9,"Ms. Ware once again proves that having poise, taste and talent will win out over cheap shock tactics. Working with a number of different songwriters has diversified her sound ever so slightly. She is more confident and even seductive her. A highly polished, enjoyable sophomore effort.",5,5,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"With amazing lyrics, produtions and vocals, Jessie Ware did the best Pop album of the year. She is so creative and is really awesome. I really fell in love with it and I'm addicted.",4,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"Amazing vocals, amazing production and a great progression from the Devotion. I am a big fan of artists like Jessie. My favorite song is Keep on Lying",4,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
9,"It's been a while we have not heard a such good soul album like Tough Love. It makes me think about the last album of Drake; Nothing was the Same. Surely, this album a tough work for Jessie Ware. Because the sounds is completely different like music now days. Moreover, Jessie have a perfect vocal on this album. Great Album!!! One of the Best for this Year",1,1,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"tough love s confirma que a jessie ware  uma das melhores cantoras inglesas atualmente. um album soul simples e coeso que segue a linha do debut Devotion (2012) sem ser repetitivo
Destaques: Cruel, Say You Love Me, Pieces e Desire",1,1,"Apr 16, 2015"
10,"'Tough Love' is one of the best albums of the year, of course! Jessie Ware's voice sound so great and powerful, in the same time, sounds quiet and hopeful.
'Say You Love Me', 'You & I (Forever)', 'Kind of...Sometimes...Maybe', 'Pieces' and 'Desire' are the biggest songs of the album, that give the best moments, with beats and lyrics so pretty and creative that can make the listener fall in love for the album.
Jessie Ware really gave her best and did an album that is with na upper level far from her first, 'Devotion'. This is amazing!",6,7,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"'Tough Love'  um dos melhores lbuns do ano,  claro! A voz de Jessie Ware parecer to surpreendente e poderosa, ao mesmo tempo, parece tranquila e esperanosa.   'Say You Love Me' com a co-escrida do Ed Sheeran, 'You & I', 'Kind of ... Sometimes... Maybe' com a co-escrita do Migyel, 'Pieces' e 'Desire' so as maiores canes do lbum, que do os melhores momentos, com batidas e letras to lindas e criativas que podem e fazem o ouvinte se apaixonar pelo lbum inteiro. Jessie Ware realmente deu o seu melhor e fez um lbum que est com nvel superior, distantemente de seu primeiro, 'Devotion'. 'Tough Love'  incrvel!",3,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
9,"While her debut album Devotion proved an excellent beginning, full of giant choruses and mixtures of genres, Tough Love subsumes completely into them and builds a tremendous, celestial and astonishingly ethereal package of songs, one stepping into the other, forming an enormous pyramid [if only Kind Of... Sometimes... Maybe didn't exist]. This album is precious.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2015"
9,"To sum it all up, simply beautiful and truly elegant. The only gripes that i have so far is that some (a tiny number) of the tracks featured is average at best, but the main stars like 'Say You Love Me',  'Want Your Feeling' and the titular song 'Tough Love' more than make up for its imperfection.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2014"
10,"as perfect a cd as a musician could want. thank you jon caramanica of nyt for your review of her live which got me to listen. i am now convinced she should see the celebrity adele did. too bad other talented artists today choose to waste their talents with the songs they record instead of following this path. this is a set of songs one can feel and sing and share joy with.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2014"
8,"'Sound of a Woman' has really deep lyrics and a production inspired on 90s years. Kiesza really surprised me with this one! This album goes since deep feelings until the happiness and it makes this one amazing to listen.
The cover of 'What Is Love', the title track, 'Piano' and the buzz single 'Hideaway' are the best songs of the album and has a production that really impress everyone.",7,10,"Oct 25, 2014"
7,"um bom lbum de se ouvir. Ele realmente me remete as msicas Dance dos anos 90, que eu amo muito!  magico, na verdade. A faixa ttulo 'Sound of a Woman', 'No Enemiesz' e 'The Love' realmente se mostraram poderosas e apreciativas, ao mesmo tempo viciantes. Incrvel.",1,4,"Oct 25, 2014"
8,"Up kng valle beat , qetsues baladat emocionale , dhe vocals bukur dhe intrumentals n ' Soud e nj gruaje ' provon kiesza sht nj artist pr t par jasht pr t .
8/10
e rekomanduar",0,2,"Nov 13, 2014"
7,"It's a good album to listen to. It really brings me the Dance songs of the 90s, which I love very much! It's magical, really. The title track 'Sound of a Woman', 'No Enemiesz' and 'The Love' really proved powerful and appreciative at the same time addictive. Amazing.",0,2,"Oct 25, 2014"
8,"'Sound of a Woman', the debut of the talented and athletic Kiesza can be seen as a true gift to pop music. Sadly, I feel immediately that she is overshadowed by current big names such as Ariane Grande and Katy Perry.
Borrowing sounds from the late 80s and 90s (deep)house scene, Kiesza gives us earcandy not only with her impressive vocals, but also with the instrumentals. The most remarkable thing about Kiesza's up-tempo songs such as 'Hideaway' or 'Giant in my Heart' or 'No Enemiesz' is that there is no heavy depending on drops compared to recent mainstream EDM releases which depend on formulas. The album mixes it up with slower songs such as a cover from Haddaway's 'What is Love'. Kiesza's version turns the catchy song into an emotional ballad.
I can conclude that this is a release which makes me dance and sing along. A solid foundation for Kiesza to further her musical career.",0,2,"Nov 24, 2014"
8,"Kiesza's debut album is very good. It has a good selection of dance and electro sounds and it sounds very good and her voice is amazing. Only a few songs (Piano, Losin' My Mind) are not so excellent as the others but all the other songs are very cool! I love this album and I hope she will do other albums in the future! The best tracks are: Hideaway, Over Myself, Sound of a woman, No Enemiesz and The Love",0,2,"Nov 20, 2014"
5,"Half of the album is really good, love the 90's throwback - however the other half hovers somewhere between bland and downright terrible. Which is unfortunate! Looking forward to more from her, though.
Standout tracks include 'Hideaway', 'Giant In My Heart' & 'Losin' My Mind'",0,0,"Jan 20, 2015"
9,"Kiesza made an album full of intelligent beats, full of catchy pop anthems, perfect, electronic assembly with pop,  and with this powerful and penetrating voice it is impossible not to be impressed",0,0,"May 16, 2015"
9,"This album is pretty good, what a beautiful voice, Kiesza. Her lyrics are so deep, and the beats are so catchy, best songs are the title track, Hideaway and Losin' My Mind.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2015"
7,"An EDM and House record which proves Kiesza to be a winner admist all the shameful musical efforts. Although, her songwriting feels unimpressive many times; it's Kiesza's singing and the production that  makes the album a wonderful piece to listen. Moreover, Kiesza herself is the life of the album.
The album opens with 2 of its best tracks 'Hideaway' and 'No Enemiesz' and unfolds to the 3rd track 'Losin' My Mind', which is quite impressive. But the album stumbles after the 3rd track. Kiesza goes for trial and error but doesn't succeed until the 9th track where the album return to its roots. Her cover version of 'What Is Love' by Haddaway is the best thing on the album. She justified the song very well and sung it from the depth of her heart, making it the most soulful moment on the album.
Favourite tracks - Hideaway, No Enemiesz, What Is Love, Over Myself, The Love
Jewel of the album - Hideaway",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
7,"Mary Lambert kishte saj shprthen sukses n njjtn dashuri q thyen kufijt n shoqri dhe t lejuar m shum toleranc ndaj komunitetit homoseksual . Me kt popullaritet , ai u papritura ajo nuk heq nj lulekuqe , kng t mbetet n mendje q t jet nj tabel njeri i mir . N vend t ksaj , ajo vendosi pr t br at rrugn e saj . Me lirimin e t fshehtave , nj kng q thot se ju nuk duhet t fshehin se kush jeni , Zemra T mng tim nga Mary Lambert sht nj udhtim emocional me jetn e saj , me disa servilizm majat denj cekt . N prgjithsi , Zemra Me mng ime prfundon jasht si nj album t madh cotemporary pop .
7/10
E rekomanduar !!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2014"
10,"La espera de este lbum por fin termino! Estoy muy orgulloso de Mary Lambert desde su primer EP ''Letters don't talk'' hasta ahora, sin duda cada una de las canciones valen la pena, Amo este disco.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2014"
10,"Une artiste formidable, des ides bien fondes, une voix en or et surtout, beaucoup de talent. C'est la recette pour sortir un album aussi formidable, rythm et plein d'enthousiasme.
Un album qui fait totalement contraste  celui de Skylar Grey, qui donne envie de nous jeter du haut d'un pont tellement c'est linaire et dprimant.
J'adhre. J'attend avec impatience ses prochaines crations.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2015"
10,"a record fulled with feelings of a teeanger, she and her music are beautiful, inspiring, deep, and everything, she deserves soooooo much more of this, and she has to know that.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2016"
10,"Forget all the first cloying and depraved Yelle songs. Completement Fou shows a real growth of the group in the search of a 'madness' that I wouldn't call complete as the title of the album, but creative and artistically fresh. The first two songs are the most superficial but also the most catchy. The musical asymmetry of the piano notes is very intelligent and it induces the mixing of a rhythm in 3/4 even when it is actually in 4/4.
The rest of the album is very sweet and conceptually eclectic with some tracks reminding of 'Me' by Dev or 'Heroine' by Little Boots, in a soft/electro developed to perfection that I'd call almost environmental.
Interesting the two stylistic experiments used to 'Nuit De Baise' (personally I liked most the first part than the second).
The best and truly 'fou' track is the last, 'Bouquet Final', where an outburst of uncontrollable emotions creates something touching and bubbly. One of the best songs I ever heard.
Seductive, colorful, with a hint of sadness. One of the best synthpop albums of 2014.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
8,"Je suis vraiment admirateur de 'Compltement Fou' un album lectro pop vraiment bien produit. Les paroles sont l et les mlodies sont incroyablement efficace !",0,0,"Apr  6, 2015"
10,"It is shocking how much they grew from an album that was already a jewel itself. If you're not familiar to the French language, you will move to the addicting, sexy beat. If you are, you will then understand why Compltement Fou is earned its title. Marveilleux!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2014"
9,"You don't necessarily need to understand what she sings, this is my favorite thing about Compltement Fou. It's not a boring album because it's sung in a language I don't speak. it's fun, lively and colorful. It makes me happy! I love all tracks, especially Ba$$in and Bouquet final.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2015"
9,"This is the comeback album TeamBreezy has been waiting for. Production values are great. Lyrics and substance within songs are there. Only detraction for me is that the album isnt cohesive 100% in terms of how one song leads into the next (simple fix when i just made a playlist of the whole album and flipped a couple songs around). Doing that helps it flow better, for me at least. After listening to it you can see lots of potential for his next solo album.",2,2,"Feb 27, 2015"
8,"Good R&B album, it's a 'new age R&B', with dance beats and classic R&B vocals, the best songs are 'fine china', 'X' and 'Loyal',    .",2,2,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"Sem dvidas o melhor album de toda a carreira. Nunca vi tanto amadurecimento de uma s vez; tanto nas letras, como no beat, na voz, apresentao e contedo. O album est maravilhoso!",8,9,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This is the best album ever, everybody would listen to the X album, sou brasileiro e ns todos aqui amamos o Chris Brown, msicas como 'Loyal', 'Add me in', 'Fine China' e 'X' so perfeitas, tem que hitar, Chris, Brazil loves you",8,9,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This is Chris' best album since Exclusive. It beats out F.A.M.E by quite a lot and simply destroys Fortune, which honestly was a little bit of a disaster.. This album deserves to be heard and for once, can we please stop talking about him as a person but more so him as an artist?",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Um lbum perfeitamente elaborado, uma levada de todos os gneros, acredito que tem tudo pra ser o melhor lbum do Chris e que ele consiga ganhar muitos prmios a a partir desse lbum.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"two years of waiting, and Chris Brown surprised us in this new work. Could not be less, since it's a mix of r & b and eletromusic. Autumn Leaves is a song sung with soul beyond voice, the soft back of Kendrick Lamar is amazing. The verses on 'Do Better' has a footprint Fortune passes by brings Graffiti and FAME afloat. Impossible not give full marks, is by far the best work from the debut album.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Since the last 3 albums, the 'X' by Chris Brown, is his better work. A little bit longer than he should be, this new record is well produced with some potential hits, it's an album full of references, like 'Fine China' and 'Add me In' that imitate the 80's Michael Jackson still. With some sexy songs, when always Chris is trying open the legs of his lady, the album has some of beautiful records, an example is 'Do Better' where CB has an direct argue of his relationship, everything fits with the amazing voice of Brandy. And for last, the album has one of, that I personally think that is one of the better songs that Chris ever made, 'Autumn Leaves', he show in every word an drama and remorse, fruit of his amazing vocal ability. The album is his better since the 'Exclusive', the only trouble is that he is to long, but yet, is an great album of R&B.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"A solid r&b/pop album with some great hits, like loyal, autumn leaves. Chris Brown has grown up a lot as an artist. Great album, one of the bests of 2014 for sure.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Great album from Chris his best yet it is nicely put together the way the tracks flow together and make sense the only exception with that is Body Shots I felt that song was placed in the wrong part of the album should have been at the beginning towards the middle with the upbeat songs several potential hit singles even he has released seven already the best songs are X, Add Me In, Songs on 12 Play,Drown In It, Came To Do, Stereotype, Autumn Leaves, Do Better [my favorite], See You Around, and Drunk Texting. Congrats to Chris on this album hope it sells well and hope your career continues in a positive direction.",4,5,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"AI LIPE, ALLAN,  NIZ LEK, CHRIS BROWN TA M1L GR4L ...................................................................................................................................... ZIKA",4,5,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"XTheAlbum   muitoo muitoo fodaaa , Chris CRESCEU e  EVOLUIU MUITO !!  um dos seus melhores e do ano. Podem falar oque quiserem  , no tem pra ninguem ... TEAM BREEZY!!!",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"lbum perfeito, todas as faixas tem alto nvel e qualquer uma poderia ser single.
Todo o tempo de espera valeu a pena, mais de 1 ano de espera foi recompensado com timas musicas, trabalho perfeito.",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"In this album Chris Brown once again showed why people do not stop to support his art.
Again the young Breezy is not just the R & B. The star mixes R & B with Pop, Dance & Trap. With large mature compositions Brown shows all your soul. Nothing better than great lyrics with great beats.",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
8,"With no doubt, this is the best album that Chris Brown did! It sounds like this one has a piece of all his career. Musics like 'X', 'Fine China' and 'Drunk Texting' made the lbum a kind of R&B with Hip-Hop so powerful! It's amazing! Congrats, Chris!",2,3,"Sep 19, 2014"
10,"Great album, I'm a huge fan of chris brown and he rarely lets me down, i feel that he put his heart in some songs, like autumn leaves. For me this is gonna be a top 1 on billboard.",2,3,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Great album, the prince of r&b and pop is back, and is better, Catchy songs, has a bit of everything, pop, r&b, electronic, Chris is just amazing, i will buy this album for sure.",2,3,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This album shows so much growth and delivers a variety of music for everyone to enjoy. It offers house style music, sexy R&B, pop style R&B, hip urban and even a touch of country urban ( don't know if that's a label but it fits). Brown goes through a variety of emotions from 'these hoes aren't loyal' to drunk texting to ending a relationship and having to let go in see you around. Don't listen to these so called newspaper critics.  All they want to do is give a biased blow by blow of Brown's personal life and not critic the music. The only review worth it's weight is Billboard. Go get X you won't be disappointed!",2,3,"Sep 17, 2014"
8,"As much as I think Chris Brown is a dick, his latest album is his best one since Exclusive. It's not that great, as  a few songs could have been easily cut without any repercussions, but it's not bad at all. While other critics find the attempts at a wider audience (IE, R&B, Hip-Hop, Pop, and a little bit of EDM) a bad thing, I thought it was nice. He still has a long way to go if he wants to be the future of R&B, though, and if he ever gets his crap together, he just might pull that off.",1,2,"Sep 17, 2014"
0,"I can't imagine how horrible of an upbringing you would have to have to listen to Brown, and enjoy it. Who can feel sexy listening to cheesy ballads made by a wife-beater?",0,3,"Dec 19, 2014"
7,"This album is very upbeat, very radio friendly, club friendly, and also very pop. He has got back into R&B a little more with this project - this comes out in all the good melodies and great vocals - but overall the album is still pop dominant, with a large side of EDM. Id say its about 50% pop, 30% R&B, 20% EDM.
I dont like pop or EDM very much...
However, the album does have a pretty nice vibe to it, its just good music for when you want to listen to some music but without the emotional investment, so you pass up on Miguel, Kanye or Kendrick and go the no strings attached option which is pretty much this album.
Occasionally youll come across some gems, such as the title track, X; Songs On 12 Play; Autumn Leaves; Drunk Texting, and, my personal favourite song on the album: Lost In Ya Love.
One of the problems with CB for me is that I feel no emotional connection through his music with the man himself. However with the song Lost In Ya Love I can feel a connection to Chris for the first time. I can actually hear it in his voice, hes not just saying he loves his girl, you can actually hear the passion and thats why its a standout song for me.
Definitely ends the album on a high note.
Overall X the album has some great songs, some average ones, and some lousy ones. But Its still one of the years best releases so far. I give it a .",0,1,"Sep 27, 2014"
8,"Finally, Chris Brown makes it with 'X'. Honestly this work of him is more interesting than also high reviewed 'Exclusive', being oriented in more urban genres of music like trap and EDM, but also containing live instrument songs as well as generic R&B ones.
Time goes by and people should forget about his incident from 2009 focusing more on his art than mistakes he did (although Graffiti, F.A.M.E., and Fortune indeed were less good efforts having at the most few of memorable songs albeit not to rate them under 5/10).
Highlights of the album in my opinion are: The title track - 'X', 'Autumn Leaves', 'Do Better', 'Don't Be Gone Too Long' and 'Fine China' (which I consider the most entertaining and don't understand why it didn't make it to standard edition of the album). Keep it up Chris and hope you come up with another good album like this to make people stop being blinded by the 2009 incident.
8/10",0,0,"Sep 21, 2014"
10,"The best album this year by far. He grown up a lot and you can see that on this album. Party songs like came to do or loyal and deep songs like autumn leaves or do better.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
9,"This might not be the best album by Chris Brown,I have to say,even though I'm a Team Breezy,I'm giving 9 points because this is worth it.First,I know people waited this album for 1 year,me too,I've been waiting for this album when 'Fine China' first came out.Skip to the point,this album is good,not saying is the best,'cause it's not, for me,'Exclusive' is always the best,but this album,I can say,every song Breezy put his heart in it,which is an amazing,and by the way,now,I can't see anybody is making a good music video like him do.Back to the music,First,I know put the first single in the Bonus Track can be a little crazy,deleted Ariana from the album is not a smart move too,but he smartly keep a few people in this album,'Songs on 12 play' with Trey Songz, 'Drunk texting' with Jhene Aiko,'Autumn Leaves' with Kendrick Lamar,have to say,ask Kendrick to do this song is the smartest thing ever,this song wouldn't be so amazing if Lamar isn't here.So many song is a smart move,but 'body shots'is the worst song in it,this song should be the Interlude,101 will be really amazing if it's a full song.This album really show why people still paying attention to his arts,even though his personal life is a mess.This is the best R&B album in 2014.But he could do so much better.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"Brown's Music has always been exception I totally love this album and its diversity.
20 Collosal Songs lol,The song with Kendrick lamar,was crazily dope,I also loved I'll see you around.
Lots of MJ influence in the album.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
10,"I believe this album to be his recent best so far released. Although I think 'Exclusive' still remains on top of this. Expecting better albums of him to come, I hope. Congrats Chris!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2015"
10,"Sicuramente il miglior album di Chris Brown. Una perla dell'RnB contemporaneo che spicca rispetto ai suoi precedenti lavori, con pezzi magnifici in perfetta sintonia col concept dell'album.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
6,"Not a bad album but gets repetitive time to time. It takes some time to distinguish each song. The vocals are quite good, though. Definitely worth at least one listen.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2015"
10,"Another great album by Ariana Grande. Excellent vocals and addictive songs. She decided to venture further in pop compared to the previous album, Yours Truly, and the result was very good.",15,24,"Aug 25, 2014"
6,"Most of the songs are well-produced and stand out but the track list is a damn mess. It really ruins the flow of the album and it just feels like a grab-bag of random singles.",2,2,"Dec 18, 2015"
3,"Sure, Grande does have talent...in acting. In music, it's just...bleh. This album is another ploy by record label executives to gain a cheap buck off of untalented musicians.",2,2,"Oct 31, 2015"
5,"It seems promising at first, but even before the half I already had enough, the course she takes turns out to be no personality and predictable. Despite the great voice, she can not convey feeling, and ends making everything too generic and forgettable.",4,5,"Aug 30, 2014"
8,"Amazing album by Ariana Grande! This has similar aspects to 'Yours Truly' but you can hear that she has matured and is exploring more types of music such as EDM. 'Yours Truly' is one of my favorite albums of all time and I don't think this album gave the same effect but that doesn't mean that is wasn't still amazing. Overall, this album is WELL worth the money!
Favorite songs: Problem, One Last Time, Why Try, Break Free, Break Your Heart Right Back, My Everything and Bang Bang",3,4,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"Nota 10 para o novo lbum da Ariana.  mais maduro que o Yours Truly, mas conserva o romantismo de sempre. Parabns Ariana por esse lbum espetacular.",3,4,"Aug 26, 2014"
8,"My everything by Ariana Grande is one of the best albums of the year so far. Sounds so good and lovely. This girl never fails. Just A Little Bit of Your Heart and My Everything are the masterpieces, Why Try is so good, and One Last Time should be next single because it's commercial and still a great song.",3,4,"Aug 28, 2014"
10,"No fode Ariana, Just um pedao do seu heart hino, Uma last vez hino, Amor Me Harder hino, Voc no know me hino, tudo hino. Rainha, destri a carreira das inimigas mesmo. Quando flopa tem qualidade, quando hita tem qualidade, at cagando tem qualidade. Bixa, a senhora  destruidora mesmo hein viada",3,4,"Aug 29, 2014"
8,"My Everything  um lbum R&B e Pop muito bom e bem produzido. Dessa vez, Ariana arriscou um pouco mais fazendo faixas comerciais, e acertou em cheio em algumas partes e errou feio em outras. Be My Baby e Why Try talvez sejam as melhores faixas do lbum, e podem fazer muito sucesso se forem singles mais pra frente. J Break Free talvez seja a pior faixa do lbum, por ser a mais descartvel e genrica. Mas   mesmo assim, o CD  muito bom para se escutar em qualquer lugar.",3,4,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"Eu amo Best Mistake, melhor msica pra mim, espero que ela faa mais msicas assim, e tambm love me harder, ela fez uma pssima escolha para single, que musica feia p ser single.",3,4,"Sep 21, 2014"
6,"Se esse lbum me pegou como o 'Yours Truly'? A resposta  no. Mas  um bom cd pop. Ariana parece estar passando por uma transio em relao  sua personalidad. Procurando algo mais radiofnico ela lana 'Problem' com a participao da Iggy Azalea: Hit certeiro, milhes de cpias e Peak de #2 na Hot 100. Logo aps ela lana 'Break Free' como segundo single, outro hit. Algo que me surpreendeu foi os estilos diferentes entre os dois singles, pessoalmente achei que ela viria com um cd bem ecltico, minhas expectativas aumentaram mais ainda quando ela apareceu em 'Bang Bang' com a Jessie J e a Nicki Minaj, porm depois que o lbum foi lanado percebi que Grande ainda continua com suas incrveis combinaes de elementos R&B/Rap e POP, algo bom. Mas fora isso, a mesma no se reinventou totalmente, nada surpreendente comparado ao 1 cd. Liricamente, Ariana continua a cantar lovesongs, Instrumentalmente algo bom, bem amigvel ao rdio, Vocalmente Grande ainda surpreende, cantora potente, mas a mesma, falha ao dar uma 'nova personalidade' ao pblico mainstream, se isso  ruim ou no, s o tempo dir.",3,4,"Oct  7, 2014"
6,"Yours Truly>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>My Everything",3,4,"Apr 28, 2015"
7,"The sweet and pure voice of Grande is absolutely the shiniest shine in 'My Everything'. Ballads are extraordinary and is in they when Grande's songwriting talent comes out to light. Soft and captivating melismas give you a nostalgic sensation of the purest quality. But the album is choppy with pop commercial tracks that blacken Ariana's warm voice. Some collaborations should not be in some songs. Tracks like 'Best Mistake', 'Love Me Tender', 'Just a Little Bit Of Your Heart' and 'My Everything' are the highlights of the album. Synthesizing, good for being the sophomore album of 'the mini Mariah Carey'",5,7,"Sep 19, 2014"
6,"My Everything, is exactly what you can expect; though not as strong as her previous album, Grande's vocals still over weigh the flaws that come along.",6,9,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Ariana est surpreendendo todos. Ela mistura ritmos e batidas, isso faz com que o lbum se torne maravilhoso. Se ela continuar do jeito que est, melhorar cada vez mais. Eu acredito no potencial da Ariana, ela ir nos surpreender.",4,6,"Sep 21, 2014"
8,"Ariana Grande's sophomore effort is a confident beautifully-done modern pop/R&B record. Although it doesn't get to the absolute brilliance of 'Yours Truly', it is still a good album. The one main flaw about it is that - get that - it's too diverse and non-cohesive. First we kick the album off with the R&B 'Yours Truly'-esque 'Intro'. Then we got the 80's pop on 'Problem', moving into EDM with 'One Last Time', deeper into pop with 'Why Try', back to EDM with 'Break Free'.. etc.. Still, all the songs are beautifully-produced and well-sang with a great vocal performance from Ms. Grande. For me, stand-outs include 'One Last Time', 'Why Try', 'Just a Little Bit of Your Heart', 'Love Me Harder', and 'Problem' (YES, this is how good it is).",2,3,"Sep  7, 2014"
4,"some of her songs are ok but she is acting WAY too sexual for her age, she looks like she's 16 so it makes people think that she is very trashy and that's not good but she can sing and that's good.",2,3,"Dec 22, 2014"
6,"Nickelodeon star Ariana Grande's sophomore effort ultimately takes a different approach than what her debut album did, predictably. However, that might not be the greatest thing. Her R&B roots are assassinated in favour of commercial pop and EDM dance tracks and while those songs are catchy, and it is appreciated she decided to try some new genres and mix it up, they lack substance, as seen in lead single and smash hit Problem. That is where My Everything fails. In its attempts to escape Grande's childrens TV star beginnings, she has taken a try-hard approach to mature sexiness, and while Grande is attractive, it does ruin whatever she had really going for her.
Still, there are some good tracks in here (e.g Break Your Heart Right Back, Just A Little Bit Of Your Heart , which is Harry-Styles-penned, and You Don't Know Me), and Grande's vocals are at times flawless. Overall, the album is quite manufactured and generic, but it does serve as a great companion to her recent ascent to pop princess. Not really the best, but some of the songs are worth a glance, at least.",2,3,"Sep 21, 2014"
5,"Grande expectations pequeo results.
Let me first start off by saying I am a huge Ariana Grande fan. Grande's debut album Yours Truly was one of the strongest debut albums the world of music has seen. Unlike Yours Truly Grande falls flat on My Everything. I felt like her producers were pushing and pulling her all over this album. In one song Grande can melt your heart with her angelic vocals and another song she puts you to sleep with an R&B influenced tracks that sounds highly unoriginal. My Everything relies more on having featured artists although most tracks off the album with featured artists (Big Sean, Cashmere Cat, A$AP Ferg) are all tracks that are not even worth downloading. Out of the 17 tracks off the album I only enjoyed 8. My Everything could have been something beautiful and poppy if Grande would have made the album an EP. It's hard to just forget some of the mess up's that My Everything carries on it's shoulders. My Everything has a lot of great songs and a lot of not so good songs.",2,3,"Aug 30, 2014"
9,"Just perfect, a mixture of rhythms, that make this album, one of more perfect in the year. It was more commercial than her first, but still with a sonority so much good. Congratulations, Ariana, this album is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.",2,3,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"Sem dvidas um dos melhores lbuns do ano. Comeamos calmo com Intro, danamos no meio com Break Free, mais um pouco com Hands On Me e Bang Bang, e finalmente finalizamos com You Don't Know Me, como apenas uma msica de fundo enquanto voc faz algo. Os vocais da Ariana so menos valorizados do que em Yours Truly porm continua com vocais destruidores que pisam na nojenta da Demi.",2,3,"Nov 22, 2014"
10,"Ariana's best album, definitely. It's not even close. With up to date production that sounds professional, classy and fresh, this album sounds timeless. With standouts that include Break Free, Break Your Heart Right Back and Hands on Me, you can't go wrong here. And You Don't Know Me is not only the best song on the album, it's also the best song of her career.",2,3,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"BabyfaceHarmony SamuelsYours TrulyMy EverythingAOne Last TimeLove Me HarderDavid GuettaMax MartinIntroMy Everything
IntroAdaydreaming+Problempop rnbAYour TrulyOne Last TimeIntroFeel like a failure, cause I know that I failed youCant you forgive me, at least just temporarilyverse 2And I know and I know and I know that you got everything, but I got nothing here without youbridgeWhy TryApain in the assBreak FreeBest MistakeABe My Baby90Break Your Heart Right BackALove Me HarderchorusriffA Little Bit of Your HeartHands On MeAurbanput your hands on it put your hands on it+My Everything
One Last TimeBreak FreeBe My BabyHands On MeAversatility:)",3,5,"Aug 30, 2014"
4,"How Yours Truly sounds like the sincere successor instead of vice versa confuses me, to go from nostalgic '90s vintage R&B to Max Martin-produced dance-pop and soggy ballads that literally could've came from the studio session of a One Direction albumHarry Styles co-penned 'Just a Little Bit of Your Heart'. If My Everything truly is Ariana Grande's 'everything', I'm worried for her upcoming efforts. Nothing ever rivals the amount of momentum carried by lead single 'Problem' or 'Bang Bang'. Even with collaborators like Childish Gambino, The Weeknd, or Grande's own alleged boy toy Big Sean don't give My Everything enough energy to fool any listener that's not an 'Arianator' into believing it's a remotely solid record. And any good idea'Break Your Heart Right Back' samples B.I.G.'s sample of Diana Ross' 'I'm Coming Out', coolfeels half-baked. Grande's technical vocal chops are on display, now let's show some substance.",3,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Ariana's sophomore album is pretty good. It has some really good tracks, in addition to Problem and Break Free, One Last Time and Why Try are very good as well. There are some obvious fillers on the track as well. But her voice shines.",3,5,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"this is amazing yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, ary made this album a work of art, yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssss",3,5,"Feb  4, 2015"
2,"+2 for great vocals by Ariana Grande.
The lyricism of this album is abhorrently terrible, composing mostly of 'na na na'. The production is generic as can be, and the feature appearance from Iggy Azalea is abysmal.
Do not purchase this album. Instead, buy a Mariah Carey album for the same experience but with slightly better lyricism and much more unique musical production.",3,5,"Sep 30, 2015"
3,"What do I need to say? This one is a trash to my ears. Ariana's debut is so much better than this. 'My Everything' is so appealing to the media to be successful. Ariana didn't care what is the quality of the R&B music and she just sang **** and **** with so many featuring.
It's like Lily Allen said... Peoples are so desperate to be on the Top and are forcing the fans to be together even if all don't like ones of others.",5,9,"Aug 28, 2014"
1,"Such a huge disappointment from Yours Truly, that album was a masterpiece. My everything sounds like generic pop music that you hear on on the radio on a daily basis. I was expecting great things from this album, as Ariana is a very talented artist but I was highly mistaken. I also noticed that Ariana has not written any of the songs on the album excluding the into, this is not a bad thing but it just proves that she just wanted to go down the the radio friendly music route instead writing genuine beautiful music.",6,11,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"In this album, we can see an Ariana more ''mature'' but still innocent, personally I think it looks like that. I'm not an Ariana fan, but this album is absolutely-what-people-have-to-listen-now. It's time to leave the ''twerk'' behind, and listen people with talent.
The magical Ariana's voice makes this album have sense.
Songs like ''My everything'', ''One Last Time'' produced by David Guetta, ''Why Try'' Co-wrote by Harry Styles, ''Break Free'' Feat. Zedd, ''Love me Harder'' Feat. The Weeknd, really stand out in the album. Congrats Ariana, you will be on top of the charts for long.",5,10,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"Album incrvel, com vocais impecveis e letras doces e sexys. Ariana mostra que cresceu como artista e vai continuar crescendo, um album com uma mistura de pop, r&b,dance e hip-hop(por parte das parcerias).",4,8,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"I'm not gonna start describing track by track because that's so boring. Ok , the first time I listened to Yours Truly I was completely shocked , I couldnt  believe that a girl like Ariana could have created an album like that, a stunning album. Since then I started loving Ariana's music. When I first listened to my everything , I was like oh yes! it's amazing , I finished the album and it was amazing from the very beginning til the end. Guys , it's an amazing album , Ariana has made a revolution in pop music , maybe it's not that acclaimed , but I'm pretty sure it is better than any Britney, Katy , Selena album. Ariana's voice is from another world.
Best songs : why try , love me harder ,break your heart right back , break free .",3,6,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"My Everything is a very good album, it showed that Ariana is also good in another style. The album blends pop, R&B and electronic music that I never imagined she would. The vocal keeps it perfect, but I believe that some critics will not like as much as the fans. She must not stop, it has a potential to become a big diva.",3,6,"Aug 25, 2014"
7,"Great album, all your tracks are completed, leaving the album be tedious, I do not need to comment much on the vocals of Ariana who are wonderful, one of the best albums of the year obviously has the songs that lower a bit the concept of album, principalemente the deluxe version of that for me should not exist, but the music quality can overcome these, a great album to listen to when you're alone.
Highlights: Just A Little Bit Of Your Heart and Why Try
Lows: Cadillac Song and Too Close",2,4,"Dec 16, 2014"
9,"This girl has an amazing voice, my god, this great CD, Ariana and not any teen artist she and bigger than that she's a diva, I love this cd. people will be amazed still thing is fat",2,4,"Dec 18, 2014"
9,".......................................................................
.................................................................
........................... Isn't better than her debut album",1,2,"Jan 19, 2016"
9,"Apesar de no ter sido melhor que o Yours Truly, esse disco  uma evoluo pra Ari em termos pop. A intro  o maior highlight, difcil tir-la do repeat.",1,2,"Feb  6, 2015"
9,"Tracklist:
41/50
Admittedly, this has to be one of the tracklists with the most featured artists and producers in this modern era, if not ever. But, these features were never able to overpower the true artist under the spotlight.
The introduction was a brilliant device to distract listeners from what was to actually be expected in the album. Though Pop brilliance such as Problem and Bang Bang were the heart of this album, but the true jewel was her ballad track Just a Little Bit of Your Heart and her Up-tempo Deluxe Track You Dont Know Me. Nevertheless, the rest of the tracks offered a mature approach to music and reflects the growth in Arianas music.
Variation:
48/50
Ranging from R&B to Pop to Electronic to Reggae-like music. Is there anything Ariana didnt offer in this album? Cashmere Cats track, Be My Baby was a beautiful attempt at crossing R&B and EDM and the result did not disappoint. Though some tracks were obviously better than the other.
Durability:
38/50
I definitely dont have a problem with this album being the only album on my phone and repeating it all day long.  The variety on it, the vocals behind it, the talent featured in it. Definitely an album to stay.
Flow:
47/50
The flow of this album keeps the listener on an exciting ride, not allowing any expectations to be formed. The only flaw in this album was the fact that an up-tempo song came right after a calm and soothing Intro. Closing the Standard Edition with My Everything was a brilliant move, swaying the listener away from the album`.
EXTRA  Final Say
My Everything is a huge leap in Ariana Grandes career. Most of the positive reviews here are given based on the fact that shes shrugged off her Mariah Wannabe persona. Pops newest princess is set to slay and has proven that she has no intention whatsoever to build a career based on another persons talent. Ariana is her own woman and no one can say otherwise and we are definitely proud of her for doing just that.",1,2,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"A essncia do lbum  demonstrar o que a cantora prope ser o seu tudo, isto , a msica, e com esse conceito vem toda uma heterogeneidade, onde o R&B, EDM, Pop, entre outros, tem vez. As parcerias supostamente tambm provam de um sentido, tratam da juno de conceitos, e da unio e universalizao artstica que do sentido a um gnero coletivo, e em todas elas Ariana Grande se mostra como protagonista, porm, sem deixar de abrilhantar e dar vez a aqueles (as) que escolheu como colaboradores (as). O lbum, por fim,  um lance norteado por revolues, com letras maduras, consistente produo, potencias e reais hits, e  claro, uma excelente interpretao por parte de Grande, com os seus vocais virtuosos.",1,2,"Oct  6, 2014"
7,"She has a voice that can give you goosebumps. And you can just tell that a lot of hard work was put into writing and recording all 12 songs. My one gigantic complaint, and this applies to a lot of singers these day(key word being singers as in song) is that Ariana decided to totally ruin 5 of the songs by having some guy with a annoying monotone voice interrupt the song and start talking. Not singing, just talking in an extremely annoying voice. The most annoying is by some guy who goes by the name of Big Sean , but they were all irritating.  There are plenty of songs out there with some guy talking, but I want songs that have singing. It's especially annoying in Grande's case since she has such a great voice.",1,2,"Oct 17, 2014"
10,"Okay, Okay, this is nothing compared to the king Yours Truly, but it's good enough for me to have a love for him.
Ariana is trying something new, this is in the face of anyone who will listen, but 'Why Try' seems to have come from your old album, which makes it the best track for me.
This was one of the best albums of 2014, definitely.
Best ones: Why Try, One Last Time, Break Your Heart Right Back, Break Free and Hands On Me.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
7,"My Everything  um lbum agradvel, porm mediano. No trouxe nada de novo, mas para uma artista 'teen' est 'tudo bem'. Se no fosse pelas msicas mainstream que contm nesse lbum talvez ele tivesse conseguido uma nota especializada um pouco mais alta. Nesse lbum, infelizmente, vemos o regresso da Ariana em relao  qualidade, pois ela focou muito em msicas pop chicletes e esqueceu quase que totalmete suas razes R&B. Quase totalmente pois, mesmo sendo um lbum mainstream ela conseguiu pr msicas de seu antigo gnero e justamente elas so os destaques do lbum. O maravilhoso dueto com o hitmaker The Weeknd 'Love Me Harder', 'Be My Baby' e Best Mistake. H tambm as msicas pop que no so to ruins como as timas 'One Last Time' e 'Why Try'.",1,2,"Sep 15, 2015"
8,"My EverythingProblemR&B",1,2,"Jan 22, 2015"
7,"Though My Everything is a solid sophomore album, there are a few flaws that need to be pointed out. First, the lyrics of the songs feel like molds for Ariana's vocals to fill. Grande's vocals are amazing as usual, but the lyrical content is bland. She needs to develop a personality in her voice. Anyway, her departure from an R&B album to a pop album was a bold choice, but it was a good one.
Also, that tracklisting is so out of whack. It literally feels like her team plopped whatever songs they wanted to in random places. There are very odd transitions, such as Intro > Problem, Be My Baby > Break Your Heart Right Back, and A Little Bit of Your Heart > Hands On Me > My Everything. I'd give this album an 8 or 9 if the tracklisting was better and flowed nicely. As stated several times by critic reviews, the album seems like a grab-bag of ideas and is much less cohesive than Yours Truly.",1,2,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"I found this album to be better than her first even though i like her first album and I want to say keep it up Ariana cause you are a good singer and person and that you should ignore the hate people are saying about you that you are like a 10 year old child and that you should go back to nickoloden. I think they say that because of how you dressed or perform but I say you are one of the best  inspirational singers out there and I hope you remain like that. My Favourite songs from the album are: Problem, One Last Time, Best Mistake, Why Try( which i hope she released this as a single), You don't Know me, Break Free, Break Your Heart and Love Me Harder",1,2,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best pop vocal albums of all-time and my favorite one!I love Ariana Grande, her vocals are excellent and she sounds wonderful, i love her songs and sure this album is awesome!",1,2,"Dec 26, 2014"
10,"Que lbum magnifico, monstra uma grande evoluo da Ariana grande do anterior pra esse, vocal agradvel Destaques para Best Mistake, Break Your Heart Right Back, You Dont know me e os Hits Problem, Break Free, Love Me Harder e One Last Time Nota 10. Ariana ainda vai colher bons Frutos, Voz ela tem , at o quarto lbum ela consegue um Grammy ou prmio importante da Msica, o que Katy Perry no tem.",1,2,"Mar 26, 2015"
10,"I love this album! So diverse with its sounds and her vocal range and performance is on point. I love how she experiments with different genres but still has some of her roots in the album as well! A must buy.",1,2,"Jan 17, 2015"
4,"I was not a fan of ariana before and i still aint because her music videos all contain mature content which is unrelated and irrelevan to her lyrics. Her voice sounds hoarse live although her records  record a wholesome and pure voice.",1,2,"Feb 16, 2015"
10,"Quite underrated. This album is more pop than her previous album, but somehow it just works. Problem was clearly a HUGE hit, as it was number two on Billboard for many weeks, was one of the two best selling songs of the year, and broke the record for he fastest song to go to number one on iTunes in only 30 minutes. Bang Bang and Break Free were also major hits, and this albums has already produced tens of millions of tracks sold worldwide. But then you also have Love Me Harder, which is dark and sexy and one of the best songs of the year in my opinion. Best Mistake, while not as radio friendly as some of the other songs, is one of the album's greatest treasures. Songs like One Last Time and Why Try show off Grande's untouchable vocal ability and really prove why she deserves all the success she's had these past two years. Love this album a lot.",1,2,"Feb  6, 2015"
10,"This album proves just how great Ariana Grande is. There are not only pop songs, but songs that really touch peoples hearts. It really gives us another look at her work. Emotion filled songs such as 'Break Your Heart Right Back' and 'Just A Little Bit of Your Heart' can bring you to tears if you truly listen to the lyrics.",1,2,"Feb  9, 2015"
9,"Great album with great lyrics..... Rising star ... many hits in album. Ariana shows that she is no longer dumb girl on a sitcom but an adult in the real worlds but especially in the music industry.",1,2,"Mar 15, 2015"
10,"Esse album no chega aos ps do Yours Truly, mas isso no o torna ruim, o album  timo e muito bem produzido, fora os vocais impecveis. Com certeza um dos melhores lbuns de 2014.",1,2,"Apr 15, 2015"
5,"eu amo e odeio forte esse album. Amo forte ''Problem'' ''Break Free'' ''One Last Time'' ''Best Mistake'' ''Love Me Harder'' e ''Hands On Me'' e gosto um pouco de ''bang bang'' e odeio o resto.",1,2,"Jun 23, 2015"
8,"It's a great pop/r&b album.It has really good production and  sweet vocal delivery.But lyrics and songs are too generic.Especially the ballads of this album(My everything for example) are too boring she could have done it better.",1,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"Supremas: Why Try, JALBOYH, Best Mistake, Break Free, One Last Time and My Everything
Boas: Love Me Harder, Problem, Be My Baby, Only 1, BYHRB, YDKM and Bang Bang
Ruins: Hands On Me",1,2,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"Amazing  Once read, please sign or state Read and Understood Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.",1,2,"Sep  1, 2015"
8,"I went into this album not really expecting much but i was pretty pleasantly surprised. This album defiantly has some problems such as the songs Break Free, problem (especially the Iggy Azalea feature), and Hands On Me which is defiantly the worst on the album by far. The only really other complaint I have is with the poor features buy Childish Gambino, ASAP Ferg, and Iggy Azalea. Besides that the album is pretty damn good with songs like Why Try and Intro which show how beautiful Ariana's voice can be.  All in all I would defiantly recommend this album.",1,2,"Aug 19, 2015"
5,"No  o melhor trabalho dela, comparado com o anterior, ela se cagou toda. Espero que o sucessor dessa palhaada sejam infinitivamente melhores que isso!!! Ariana Grande-Butera, voc deu um tiro no prprio p!!! Ningum aguenta mais farofa e voc me vem com um lbum desses!! Ridcula!!!",1,2,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"A great album with danceable beats and extremely strong ballads. With My Everything Ariana proved her huge talent and her NEW mature-sexy style. She is growing up becoming the queen that pop music needs.",1,2,"Sep  7, 2015"
5,"Although My Everything does have a few memorable songs, the rest are simply filler songs, vapid and bland. Her vocal talent is undeniable, but these commercial tracks do not showcase it. The whole album feels artificial and fragmented, like Grande tried to cram everything into one album, resulting in a forgettable, messy album. Her ballads and her commercial hits are really what's holding the whole album together, which still does not  washes out the nasty aftertaste of the other songs. Despite the album's mediocrity, My Everything does have a few excellent pop-infused R&B songs.",1,2,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"melhor lbum da carreira dela sem dvidas, enterrou a demi flopvato todinha. rainha teen, patroas ela e miley, resto  empregada mesmo HINRIO!!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh que delciaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!",1,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Sonoriedade, composies e vocais, todos acabaram por ser uma mistura perfeita, se tornando um s. Sua mistura arriscada de msicas sensuais e msicas depresso-ps-namoro acabara por dar certo, obviamente, sua variao de tons em cada msica, fora inacreditavelmente bom.",1,2,"Sep 21, 2015"
10,"Rainha, album incrivel, vocais dignos. Pisou na Demi Flopato (como sempre) e provou que  a rainha teen.
Love Me Harder, Be My Baby e Best Mistake as melhores, as outras so boas.",1,2,"Oct 10, 2015"
6,"Melhores msicas: Intro, One Last Time, Hands On Me, Break Your Heart Right Back, You Don't Know Me, Too Close
........................................................",1,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"This album deserves better rating overall. I had bid on it to win Best pop vocal album at the Grammys.. don't know what happened.
Almost every single track on this album was just phenomenal. The best was One Last Time. Loved it before it became a single. This album showed Ariana's vocals,she can hit the low notes and high notes. She can pull of a uptempo song like Break Free and Problem to a ballad like My Everything. Unlike Demi Lovato,Arianas voice is not overshadowed by the beat of the song which is the case with Demi's songs especially from her latest record Confident. But this was the BEST album of 2014!
Cant wait for what you've got in store for us with Moonlight!",1,2,"Oct 22, 2015"
10,"In just over a year Ariana Grande has become one of my favorite singers of all time. I loved Yours Truly and was obsessed with it for quite some time. It was one of my favorite of the year (next to Katy Perry's PRISM and its probably going to be the same this year. My Everything is definitely the best album of 2014 so far (along with ULTRAVIOLENCE). Its just as good, if not better, as Yours Truly. It really proves Ariana is here to dominate and slay all your faves. The album is very diverse ranging from Pop to RNB to Hip Hop to EDM. Her vocals are definitely the highlight of the whole album. I'd definitely recommend this album to everyone, its a must listen. I have a feeling i'm going to be listening to My Everything the rest of the year. My favorites (besides the 2 *amazing* singles) include Why Try, Love Me Harder, Be My Baby and Just A Little Bit Of Your Heart.",4,9,"Aug 25, 2014"
9,"Whether the critics wanna agree with me or not..this project is better than Yours Truly. I am not going to give it a 10 because nothing actually is perfect. There are a few missteps for example: The album opens up with a beautiful harmonious intro but then transitions into the first single Problem, which really didn't sound fitting. The power, innocence and emotion of Grande's voice is something we haven't heard in years and it's clear she has learned to further improve on her technique. She really knows how to make use of  her voice as an extra instrument to the already great productions on this LP. Standouts to me: Why Try, Only 1, Be My Baby, Hands On Me.",4,9,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"First things first it is clear that Ariana is not suffering the Sophomore slump with this album packed full of possible hits. Already with Problem dominating the charts and Break Free doing fantastic the future of this album is very optimistic. Overall a much better effort than Yours Truly which was already a stellar album. Following with a track by track review...
Intro: Great start to the album, not really a real track but it sets the tone for this album for the most part.
Problem: This track speaks for itself, smash hit, with a fantastic ear worm of a chorus, only accented by Ariana's fantastic vocals. Iggy Azalea featured on the track only makes it better.
One Last Time: David Guetta produced track. He manages to perfectly blend his own unique sound with Ariana's. One of the least appealing tracks on the album but still fantastic. This song is about wanting to be with somebody even though they're still attached to somebody else and being okay with that.
Why Try: Why Try really showcases Ariana's vocals. A powerful chorus that makes you just wanna sing along. Could be a great single choice. The song is about why two people keep trying at a relationship when there is always conflict. A great stand out for the album.
Break Free: The EDM experimental smash for Ariana that she surprisingly exceeds at. With much doubt about how she would do with EDM, she manages to exceed expectations. Zedd produced track about breaking free from somebody and being independent.
Best Mistake: Featuring Big Sean, this is a stellar ballad about a failed relationship that was in some way something you still treasure. Big Sean's verse flows decently well with the song but it does make one wonder if Ariana had done the track solo with another verse would it have been better? That is not a feeling one should have but still a great ballad. Ariana shows great vocals on a slow RnB jam.
Be My Baby: One of the weaker tracks of the album produced produced by Cashmere Cat. Unique production but grows sorta repetitive and not in a good way. Still a good song but one of the weaker on the album.
Break Your Heart Right Back: A huge standout for the album featuring Childish Gambino. Samples Diana Ross's 'I'm Coming Out'. The song is about a man Ariana was with who left her to be with another man... A very unique topic to sing about. The chorus of the song makes you want to dance and sing along. Would be a fantastic single choice.
Love Me Harder: A little more on the sexual side for Ariana. Another standout featuring The Weeknd. Both mix very well and make a fantastic song. Ariana sings about needing somebody to love her harder if they want her. Very chill sound with a pulsating chorus
Just A Little Bit of Your Heart: A song written by One Direction's Harry Styles. Surprisingly good ballad about wanting a somebody to give love even if its just a little and there is somebody else they want. Very submissive theme to the song.
Hands on Me: A much more urban influenced song with A$AP Ferg. The feature does not add much to the song but Ariana handles this different song very well to make this a stand out track. Another sexual song for Ariana about keeping your hands touching her.
My Everything: Best ballad on the album. Very intimate and emotional. Song about realizing you love somebody and admitting your mistakes to a failed relationship after it is over and wanting it back. A fantastic end to the standard version of the album.
Bang Bang: Jessie J song with Ariana and Nicki Minaj. A very upbeat song that feels misplaced on the album. Great song but it ruins the cohesive feel to the album in a major way.
Only 1: A very Mariah like song. Deserved to be on the standard edition it is that good.
You Don't Know Me: Very high pitched song that also deserves to be on the standard edition. A huge highlight for the album
Cadillac Song: A chill slow jam on the Target Edition. Should be heard
Too Close: Also known as Perfect for Me from its preview released long ago. Another highlight shoved to the back of the album sadly.",3,7,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"I was a little worried about Ariana Grande after listening to Problem and Break Free. She was trying to sound like a pop star instead of a R&B artist where she fits.
Although this albums first five songs sounds like pop, the songs after Break Free were her moments to shine in this album. Ariana Grande should stick to R&B for now and try to go to pop later in her career.
Ariana Grandes vocals were the highlight in this album but one of the drawbacks of this album is that it lacked personality. Theres nothing significant about her other than her singing voice.
This album is basically about love and heart-breaks. No party songs, no songs about life or whatsoever. I dont like how this album strictly goes to those themes. She could have added more songs about anything other than love and break-ups.
I noticed in the lyrics that she has becoming a bit more mature in her persona. I dont mind her singing about sex especially in the second to the last song Hands on Me. I think this is a good example of child stars transitioning to adults compared to Miley Cyrus transition. You dont need to act trashy to sing about sex.
I think the best part of this album were her collaborations with other artists. I am very impressed with the collaborations she did with Childish Gambino, Cashmere Cat and The Weeknd. She had chemistry with these artists.
The deluxe edition tracks are exclusively for hardcore Ariana Grandes fans as I am not quite digging the additional tracks she put in this album.
Overall, while this album lacked personality and it sticked to two themes only, Ariana Grande has shown herself that she is becoming a bit more mature with this album and its packed with impressive collaborations.",3,7,"Aug 25, 2014"
9,"Ariana is wonderful, she really has the 'girl power' and can hit us with their range of voice wonderfully. Score high and not out of tune. What I liked most in relation to Yours Truly is the personality change, Ariana became much more mature! i really liked.",3,7,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"If on your debut album 'Yours Truly' had a sound 90's, involved almost always by R&B, in her second album, Ariana sought to explore other styles like EDM, Dance, Pop, and of course R&B, this is good? No doubt, this shows that Ariana does not rely on only one style to make a quality music, obviously his incredible and magnificent voice helps make this possible .Ariana Grande has a huge future in the music world because with this album she showed that change of musical style is not a bad thing, but  a clever way to don't stay in sameness as many artists today.",3,7,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Este lbum  fantstico. Todas as canes tm algo encantador. H RBD, h pop, h de tudo. Vrias coisas fizeram um lbum diversificado, com vrios ritmos, letras e situaes.",3,7,"Sep  7, 2014"
10,"Very nice album. Her new sound is AWESOME. Some tracks like: One Last Time, Why Try e.t.c have a club sound. Some tracks like: My Everything, Best Mistake e.t.c are ballads. An album for anyone!!!! Congrats Ariana.",5,12,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"One of the albms of the YEAR! Ariana sounds great, amazing ballads and duets with The Weeeknd, Big Sean, Iggy Azalea, Jessie J and Nicki Minaj. My favorite tracks: Love me harder and One last time!",2,5,"Aug 26, 2014"
9,"Como sempre Ariana nos deu um timo lbum! no  melhor que o anterior, mas ainda sim digno e acima da mdia de muitos, merece todo o reconhecimento que puder ter!",2,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
2,"Great voice, absolutely garbage music.  What is this girl thinking wasting her talents on such crappy music.  She is toted as being the next Mariah Carey.  Sorry, but she's nowhere near the caliber of artist that Mariah is.  There are a few good moments on this album e.g. My Everything, but most of the rest falls short.  If Ariana wants to succeed as an artist she needs to release better music than this.  Sorry.",2,5,"Sep 14, 2014"
9,"Vocais muito bem explorados, com foco nas graves, arranjos muito harmoniosos e letras desde doces at sexys. Ariana evoluiu muito desde seu ltimo lbum, e My Everything com certeza merece muito sucesso e reconhecimento pelo lbum de alta qualidade que .",2,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
9,"My everything is an album where ariana's voice  is emphasized and matured. She isn't longer a pretty girl who plays in Sam & Cat and Victorious, she is a woman. The lyrics are very pleasand and mature and full of meanings. The song are good, but maybe are too much similar to each other. Anyway, a very good Job, ariana!",2,5,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"The Album this a bit confusing, but the lyrics are a loves. QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN QUEEN",2,5,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"This album was better than I expected, Ariana shows growth on the tracks Hands On Me, Break Your Heart Right Back & Love Me Harder. There are some very great ballads as well (Just a Little Bit of Your Heart, My Everything & One Last Time) her enuciation has gotten somewhat better but still needs work. I'd like if the album was a bit more cohesive but it's fine as it is. This album is gonna be the one that shows Ariana's true potential and puts her on the map.",2,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"This album is stronger than her previous one and very pleasant to listen to. The vocals are once again excellent and the songs are catchy. The only thing I would advice her for the next album is to reduce the cooperation with other artists. I think she is stronger at her own.
What Im once again puzzled about are the reviews by the critics. There is no artist where there is continuously such a total mismatch in judgement between critics and general public. Luckily for Ariana its the general public that buys her music, not the critics.",2,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
10,"riana is increasingly showing maturity in his new album, with its new phase, more mature songs, more complex songs than his old album, Ariana has to wonder with her angelic voice on her new album, for a good start, your intro of his album a wonderful time with her and apersoavel vocal for a person of his good size, Ariana is showing with strength and faith that can change your style of music without changing their style.",2,5,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Um lbum de grande cacife para a atual industria fonogrfica. Mesmo sabendo que no se compara a obra prima Yours Tryly. O lbum My Everything consegue mostrar a mesma se aventurando num pop mais chiclete com cara de hit. Mostrando a grande evoluo para a msica 'teen.'",2,5,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"SALUDOS A MI MAM QUE HIZO TODO LO POSIBLE PARA ESTE MOMENTO, ARI TKM NENA JEJEJE BESOS A TODOS MIS FANS EN LATINOAMERICA NO SE OLVIDEN DE COMPRAR MI DISCO",2,5,"Aug 21, 2015"
7,"Even though My Everything contains formulaic, electronic missteps due to a lack of cohesion (and a little pressure from a debut which exhaled cohesively), it contains some very good work from a brilliant singer like Ariana. It's not that much worse than her first, but one cannot say she maintained the level.",2,6,"Aug 27, 2014"
6,"R&B",2,6,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"Awesome album debut and is the teen music and the vocals are clean,with romantic , melodic and good lyrics to be heard at any time.
Ariana HAS great talent in relation to quality and CAN GO MUCH MORE far this aspect.",2,6,"Jul 11, 2015"
9,"Ariana Grande couldn't surprise me more with this album! It is even better than her magical debut. 'My Everything' is a such a solid and strong pop record. The 90s influences are still there but now she mixing it with the best of modern pop music, and the result of this is incredible!",1,3,"Dec 17, 2014"
6,"Goodbye, Originality. Hello Conformity.
Following the release of Yours Truly, I was a big fan of not just the album, but Ariana as a singer and person.  It seems, as she has gotten more popular, she has simultaneously become more mainstream in the way she acts and makes music.
Gone is the lush live instrumentation, the simple sound driven by her powerful vocals.  Gone are the flowery dresses and Nickelodeon shows and live streams.  Ariana is now as poppy as Selena Gomez, as unclothed as Iggy Azalea or Miley Cyrus, and rarely goes beyond 'Im so excited' in terms of interview depth.
Sigh.  Still, even for a typical mainstream pop album, her vocals manage to keep it interesting.  Not bad, but she could have done better.  She is conforming, and Im not a fan.",1,3,"Sep  9, 2014"
6,"Ariana's debut album, Yours Truly is still one of my most cherised albums. However, this album has gone too mainstream and Ariana's unique voice is beginning to fade due to the direction she's taking as it shows on the album. The album lacks originality and due to that, it just becomes another pop album.",3,10,"Aug 25, 2014"
7,"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffgggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh",2,7,"Oct 27, 2014"
8,"O My everything foi farofa, mas no deixa de ser bom bjs, verde tour sim, e se reclamar  verde tour de novo. One kiss for eduardo, the jamanta of the beco.",1,4,"Sep 21, 2014"
3,"Yours Truly, lbum de estreia da Ariana Grande, no foi um maravilhoso lbum. Honeymoon Avenue  a melhor do lbum e precisou de Khristopher Riddick Tynes, Leon Thomas III, Antonio Dixon, Kenneth 'Babyface' Edmonds, Thomas Lee Brown, Travis Sayles, Victoria McCants, Roahn Hylton Dennis 'Aganee' Jenkins e Maurice Wade para ser composta e mesmo com um batalho, Ariana nem mexeu um dedo na letra da msica que  no  digna. Frases como 'meu corao est preso no para-choque do carro' destri e decepciona qualquer um. My Everything, apesar de ter elementos muito semelhantes em suas batidas e outro batalho para compor todo o lbum,  um pouco mais agradvel e fcilmente esquecvel. Best Mistake  a melhor parceria e pelo menos ela participou da composio. Why Try  digna, mas falhou por ter muita repetio e no ter composto nada tambm. Voz incrivel, mas Yours Truly soa de forma bem mais agradvel.",2,9,"Aug 26, 2014"
4,"horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel",1,5,"Apr  3, 2015"
0,"Ariana Grande's My Everything is the epitome of manufactured corporate pop. This album is garbage. She is a mediocre singer at best. As for her song writing abilities, she has none. Her label did all the work. She just showed up in the studio for 2 days to record songs written and composed for her by other people. She does not write or compose any of her music. All of her songs have anywhere from 4 to 10 writers. She is listed as a co-writer, even though she doesn't write anything, to give her false credibility. The lead single 'Problem' is the worst pop song since Rebecca Black's Friday. The rest of the album is just as bad. Every song sounds the same. They are all generic bland typical pop songs that you hear on the radio. If you love garbage like Justin Bieber, One Direction, and Rebecca Black, you will love this album. If you love non-manufactured real music, you will not like this album.",3,24,"Sep 12, 2014"
0,"No me gusta este lbum :/ Lo encuentro muy bsico y comercial, realmente, no me gusta Ariana, ojala mejor, y pues, no me gusto este lbum ni el otro, pero pues normal, tiene buena voz (:",1,9,"Oct 17, 2015"
6,"Un jam duke shtrembruar me kt LP t ri nga nj artist q m shprtheu nga parku me ' Juaji me t vrtet ' . Sigurisht un jam duke folur pr asnj tjetr prve Ariana Grande . Nj artist i cili ka dshmuar veten jo vetm t jet nj klon Mariah Carey dhe shprthen si artist e saj . Mjerisht , ky album ndjehet si nj vazhdim minutn e fundit pr nj film kritike vlersua vetm pr t sjell n kopjet shtes . Edhe pse pas gjith melodrams , dhe nj overlode t Rappers tipare , Sinqerisht i Juaji ka dal t jet nj album i mir rrjedh pop me vokal dhe instrumentale",0,1,"Aug 29, 2014"
10,"My Evething is an amazing evolution. The ex-act Ariana was able to free herself of the image of a girl, to become a woman. Songs like 'Problem', 'Break Free' and 'Love me Harder' demonstrates that she is not for joke. In addition, the album has great singers, giving more strength to itself. Songs like 'My Everything', 'One Last Time', 'Why Try', and 'Best Mistake', although not so agitated, are captivating, stunning and incomparable!",0,1,"May 29, 2016"
10,"The Golden Echo really works as a whole, most notably because of the segues that lead the end of one song into the start of an other. This helps seal each song together as a package and narrative ride, rather than a sequence of songs that play after each other. This includes giggling children, a spiraling haze fading into chanting and pickaxes, strings rising before a broken record skips, a laughing frenzy swirls down before abruptly stopping at a clap, and a fuzzy piano softly playing out. The use of segues was somewhat present on Vows (siren sings atop acapella horns after Old Flame and Posse ends with a remixed Settle Down), but on The Golden Echo so much more consideration and time was spent making these songs seamlessly blend into one long experience.
As for the guest spots from collaborators (a list that goes on and on), it never feels like a group party. Kimbra is ever in the front seat wearing the conductors hat, and everything about these songs centres around her voice, lyrics, and artistic vision without distraction.
This record is a bit of a departure from Vows. It abandons the jazz influences and really amps up the R&B and Electronic ones, with more emphasis on rhythm. This isnt to say this is a throwback retro album, Kimbra isnt weighed down or washed out by her influences. The Golden Echo is a look back to the past that is then filtered, redesigned, and experimented with until it becomes something completely of Kimbras own. Its a shame that the joint tour with future funk partner in crime Janelle Monae was cancelled seeing as their music would resonate so well together.
Most songs include vocal processing of some form or another (via her Voice Live Touch), resulting in deep bass, robotic harmonies, and gritty textures. Vocal layering is utilized quite frequently to create large choral explosions (building on this from Vows tracks like Sally I Can See You, and Home).
The record starts with the pitter-patter of drums overtop glowing organs on Teen Heat. Kimbra whispering almost as if this is a lullaby, displaying a great sense of innocence and intimacy before the Prince-like chorus explodes into a grand euphoric I dont want to die without knowing what its like to touch you. This innocence moves into reflection on the nostalgia of youth and love in the chaotic frenzy of 90s Music, which incorporates trap beats and 808s underneath high-pitched vocal harmonies and scratchy guitars preceding a throbbing synth chorus. Carolina is a shiny stunner; with spiraling synths cascading across bass vocal hums under swooning high vocals, and processed layered harmonies. Goldmine flaunts a pickaxe beat and chanting that would feel at home on Kanye West album, with a chorus reminiscent of chanting slaves gleaning for inner hope. Alien like vocals perform a horn section impression on the bridge of groovy future funk disco track Miracle. Rescue Him showcases a darker R&B vibe with Kimbra whispering of saving her lover from his ways. A cascading bass groove underlines schizophrenic vocals on Madhouse continuing the darker vibe and harkens 80s era Michael Jackson. Everlovin Ya featuring Bilal is a trippy, gritty, electro duet. As You Are is an absolutely stunning piano ballad that builds with lush strings (courtesy of Van Dyke Parks) and vocal arrangements, until the climax Come, a little to the right, get comfortable, which simultaneously sounds inviting and disconcerting. There is almost a comfort to the danger. On Love In High Places Kimbras voice waves and flutters over jittering percussion and glowing synths before building into an explosive vocal climax, followed by insane psychedelic bass guitar wailing (courtesy of virtuoso bassist extraordinaire Thundercat). Nobody But You is a sunny, feel good love song, before ending with a clapping future funk jam. Closer Waltz Me To The Grave is slightly psychedelic, yet slightly groovy, and parts with the world (and the album) on high note, swaying and dancing off the earth being left behind without remorse or dread.
The deluxe edition bonus tracks feature the stuttering beat and staccato vocals of Slum Love before a breezy chorus. Absolute gem Sugar Lies plays out like a whacked song for an old school Disney movie (perfect for Alice and Wonderland), sweet sing-a-long back up vocals and whistling are juxtaposed with booming bass synths before completely falling apart for the delirious acapella breakdown of the bridge. And the dizzy swirling The Magic Hour teeters back and forth in a sense of introspective surreality, harkening the title.
The Golden Echo is the work of an artist who places exploration and experimentation first, while still keeping it grounded as pop music. The ambition is well executed, and while calling back the past, its echoed in a completely different and captivating way.",10,11,"Aug 19, 2014"
10,"This is a great album!  Kimbra used some sounds inspired on 90s music and the best was that she did a song with this name, this one is perfect! All the album has a great harmony and Kimbra's voice is so amazing.",8,10,"Aug 19, 2014"
10,"Kimbra continues to surprise me. Stylistically she's she's phenomenal, and in terms of what she can do with her voice, well the possibilities are endless there. I first heard her angelic mastery when she collaborated with Gotye on 'Somebody That I Used To Know' and since then Kimbra has established herself into one of the greatest young singers we have, and my personal favourite artist. The Golden Echo is something magical that everyone should give a listen to. I still prefer her first album 'Vows' because I find it slightly more eclectic, but her second album is nothing short than a masterpiece.",4,5,"Aug 21, 2014"
8,"A great pop album; definitely one of the best released this year. It has many catchy tunes, with obvious influences from 80s and 90s music. My favorite tracks are: Carolina, Teen Heat, and Nobody But You. I also enjoyed the touch of psychedelic in Waltz Me To Grave.",0,1,"Aug 28, 2014"
8,"tl;dr Amazing vocals, great 'headphones' pop album (loads to enjoy production-wise, more synths than your body has room for).
Kimbra is an uncommon pop performer--one who's actually invested not just in her songwriting, but also in advancing experimental production. With the mostly enjoyable 'Vows' (which was severely hampered by tracks that almost universally overstayed their welcome length-wise) now several years behind her, she's made some great strides in basically every single area of musicianship. While this album doesn't have a single moment that completely blew me away, every track is really solid.
Jesus, what's the worst thing you can say about this album? That sonically it resembles some of the best work to come out of 80s/90s pop? That it's balancing on a weird precipice between experimental and mainstream audiences while completely fulfilling neither? Whatever, man.",0,1,"Aug 25, 2014"
9,"This album can make you feel surrounded by alien and cosmo-graphic images and sounds and get you paralyzed and marvelled by its eager propulsion, or it can make you feel exhausted and dizzy while feeling crazy and confused. Well, both sensations are correct. This album is intense, diverse, full of energy; a bit long, but really charismatic and happy. Kimbra is a fantastic artist, but she should learn how to control her excitement a bit. Nonetheless, the art work is almost remarkable.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2014"
9,"First, Kimbra's voice. Where shall I begin ? Its eccentricity ? Its power ? Its emotion ? I won't lay it on thick but this type of voice really is what The Hot 100 lacks of.
My track by track review :
1. Teen Heat : The atmosphere is amazing ! It is warm and welcoming, I just feel so comfortable listening to it. The voice is a delight to hear.
2. 90s Music : Experimental music in all its glory. The music feels like having glasses of ice cold water thrown at my face. Although it's obviously electronic, it's not the type of song you'll hear on radio at all. The voice is perfect once again.
3. Carolina : This one is difficult to judge. On one hand the music is wickedly sophisticated and on the other hand it is not as refreshing as the two last ones. Though the hooks are infectious.
4. Goldmine : A major change from the rest of the album. This R&B song is catchy like no other and its lyrics are brilliantly crafted.
5. Miracle : This song is a pure disco jewel. I have rarely listened to such a good quality in disco music.
6. Rescue Him : Kimbra gets weird vocally in this song again and it fits her perfectly. Not the best but a good one to listen to.
7. Madhouse : It begins softly but don't be blinded by the calm hook, the chorus is coming for you and, believe me, it has things to say ! We truly discover the power of Kimbra's voice in Madhouse as the chorus shouts.
8. Everlovin' Ya : Featuring Bilal, Kimbra moves into darker places. Frenzied vocals from both singers lead to some less catchy but more personal music.
9. As You Are : The power ballad of the album. I thought it would break the dance atmosphere and basically ruin the album but on the contrary ! It marks a break, an emotional part of Kimbra that we had not seen before.
10. Love In High Places : It took me some time to appreciate this song. I must admit it is far from being catchy... But still enjoyable : cloudy but dreamy.
11. Nobody But You : Another eccentric song with an amazing chorus. The short outro is one of the finest moments on the album !
12. Waltz Me To The Grave : I am sorry to say that this track should not be part of this album... Per se it is good but it just doesn't fit with the state of mind of the album. Its melodramatic atmosphere is a little annoying and it is way too long.
Vinyl bonus - Vanity Fair : Wow ! I feel transported in Wonderland ! The atmosphere, once again, is so peculiar. It is like I'm in a fairy tale, and it feels very good.
13. Slum Love : The overall doo wop inspiration is very original and so is the pre-chorus.
14. Sugar Lies : This song is like an explosion of imagination and creativity. The hooks are still, tranquil but the chorus is... an extraordinary blowing up of sound, it is totally mind-blowing, astounding. It begs for love and attention like a naive youngster with plenty of charisma. Then the bridge confirms that naivety and finally, the choruses that follow the bridge had me making the song my number one favorite off the album. Madness ! Genius !
15. The Magic Hour : The most interesting thing about this song are the vocals. They are strange and distorted but full of charm though !
In general, it is a very eclectic brand of pop that Kimbra serves with this album but if you listen to it carefully, as a work of art, you will hardly dislike it ! Thanks for reading this review.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2016"
7,"Kimbra's sophomore LP The Golden Echo is just as the title describes; an album that mirrors the best sounds of the past, from 70's funk to 80's pop, while also adding a quirky and golden overtone that improves over the scattershot Vows.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
9,"very eclectic and brilliant album in a positive sense, except 90s music.. i don't know why but when compared with the total quality of the album, that song seems a little 'cheap' , though still above the average in standards and experimental. some soul,some funk, some r+b, some pop, some 80s synth.. and still sounds modern. enjoy a lot beginning from carolina (wonderfullll !) until everlovin ya, a chain of 5 songs breathlessly , then as you are, love in high places and a nice end for me : nobody but you. In 12 songs 9 of them are great, 2 ordinary 1 boring in summary...she is my favorite singer in modern times btw:)",0,0,"Oct 21, 2014"
9,"timo! Todos esses anos sem Kimbra foram recompensados com um lindo lbum, valeu a pena esperar. S no dou 10 por conta do feat com Bilal. Pior msica, batidas sem nenhum sentido, sonoridade horrvel! Mas de resto, Kimbra deu um show. Obviamente que no podemos comparar The Golden Echo com Vows, seria uma blasfmia.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2015"
0,"Awfullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll",2,2,"Apr 22, 2015"
0,"Muita imagem e pouca msica boa de verdade. Apesar de inicialmente um pouco melhores que One Direction, os divos australianos do Allan Patrick ainda precisam provar muito mais que no so apenas mais uma modinha passageira.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Amazing songs, the best teen band. All songs are lovely, and perfect for teenagers. This band is very good, really love it and ALL songs of this album, really good.",1,1,"Jan  3, 2015"
0,"i don't like this album i only like three songs and those songs are trash and the reasons why they're famous and better is beacuse of one direction other than that they have no reasons to be famous",1,1,"Jan 30, 2015"
1,"The Australian pop rock band's debut has several flaws which make it just awful to listen to. It feels like Green Day, blink-182 and All Time Low thrown into a blender and then mixed with crap. The band is pretty much a boy band with instruments. And that certainly doesn't help my view of this artist and this album.",1,1,"Oct 29, 2015"
5,"I do not necessarily have something to criticize, but the absence of any trace of originality is striking. Do not expect much, but for a boyband, they should at least entertaining, and well, they do not. They sound silly, only.",4,5,"Jul 27, 2014"
0,"I'm sorry, but this is an absolutely terrible record. It's shockingly poor. And the band get pissed over the fact they get called a boyband by people? Why don't they just **** hit out at their label and management, it's the way that their marketed which results in them being called that. I mean appearances in teen magazines and having kiddy merchandise out just goes to show my point. They're only signed to Capitol because of money. The record label bosses are greedy capitalist pigs.",2,3,"Oct  5, 2014"
3,"'5 Seconds of Summer' it's dumb and clich. It contains generic pop-punk guitars with stupid lines that let you wondering why is this band popular. Oh, right, this is not a band, this is easy marketing.",7,11,"Jul 22, 2014"
0,"Yet another ridiculous BOYBAND... Even though their fans on Twitter and the band themselves deny they are such, they bloody well are. They're as equal as their contemporaries such as The Vamps in terms of that for instance. They're better than One Direction at the very least, who are indeed utter ****
The reasons why they're better? They aren't manufactured like 1D and many other boybands in the last couple of decades. They formed themselves, and at least they write their own songs, although most of these are pretty crap compared to some artists of the current day. The good thing about them is that they play their own Instruments too, unlike 1D. But this just makes hypnotized hyper fangirls on Twitter consider them a band, yet that isn't what they are.
I would have actually been more generous in my score, but I don't really want the user score to rise too much if I were to be. But one thing that annoys me most is that fangirls will just write 10/10 reviews because they don't know good music when they hear it, like Burart's review for instance. Also, the fact that at time of writing, the user score's on all of One Direction's album's appear to be higher.",9,16,"Jul 22, 2014"
10,"I have never heard a teenage pop-rock band before.at first, I thought that kind of genre is horrible. But now, I have now figured out that It is really awesome. Favorite tracks, All of them. Great job!",1,2,"Jul 26, 2014"
4,"They said they're like Fall Out Boy? hAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA No. They're okay, just ANOTHER pop/rock boyband. Nothing more.",1,2,"Aug 29, 2014"
7,"No d pra esperar rock pesado de um grupo que quer atingir um pblico mais jovem.. eles tem influncias punk, mesmo que mais leves, mas as msicas so meio que aquilo que se ouve no rdio no vero americano.    Eles podem mostrar mais progressos, principalmente pelo fato de j terem mostrado que so timos escrevendo canes.",1,2,"Feb  6, 2015"
0,"Awfulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll",1,2,"May 13, 2015"
3,"Honestly, this album isn't bad but it sounds like an album from Green Day but in its pop version. The lyrics are good, but... why their fans are saying they're not like One Direction? The lyrics are similar to One Direction's. The only difference between them it's the 'punk' way they act and play.",3,7,"Jul 22, 2014"
5,"Don't let the mock-All Time Low album cover, alleged Blink-182 influences, and Hot Topic era emo inspired looks fool you, 5 Seconds of Summer are as boyband-ish as an Australian foursome could come. That's not just because the current reigning boyband One Direction recommended them either. Pop-punk hasn't aged that kindly in a decade that's so far fascinated by disco, dubstep, and apparently folk, why are 5SOS so special? The answer is: they're cute. They're more glitter and gloss than glam. The summer hit, 'She Looks So Perfect', has some shameless product placement bedazzled right into its chorus ('She looks so perfect standing there in my American Apparel underwear'). But as forgettable as it is formulaic by any standards, pop or 'punk' (lol), there is some catchy ear candy every now and then: 'Don't Stop' has a hook-heavy chorus you'll be singing for days until it's on the radio again.
It's not shocking how overly glamorized -- if Kendall Jenner almost calling them their best-friends/archenemies on live television wasn't embarrassing enough for them, the Billboard music awards made a cringeworthy comparison to the success of the Beatles, despite being months shy of having at least one top-twenty -- and how overly hated the band has become in such a short time, but I'll give 'em another year or two before they fade out of existence. It's the kiddie pool of the music industry: it's shallow and it'll entertain the kids until they inevitably grow out of it.",1,3,"Aug  4, 2014"
3,"Even though they qualify as sticky, one can be smart enough to recognize the album as an absolute absence of unity, as provided with as much nauseating, obnoxious, lines as they stuff people's ears with while climbing their way up in the 'teenage clich in its purest form' rank.",1,3,"Sep  3, 2014"
7,"I never really liked boybands, I never did. But, 5 Seconds of Summer (or as fans call them, 5SOS) got my attention when they performed their lead single She Looks So Perfect for their self-titled album on 2014 Billboard Music Awards. I never seen a boy band using instruments on stage and I thought I would give them a try on listening to their album.
After a lot of procrastinations, I finally had the time to listen to the album.
Even if they have more respect than One Direction, its not like 5SOS would be a revolutionary boy band. They wont will never be the next Beatles, dont get me started. Its just a miracle we have a boy band in this generation where they dont just sing and dance on stage, as far as I know.
While there are moments when 5SOS sounds like another boy band, what makes them different from other boy bands is their punk pop sound, which most boy bands these days use EDM pop. Its refreshing to hear that and they use their punk pop sound really well.
This album is more of a collection of songs they wrote, but if you dig deeper a little, the theme of the entire album is the joys and downs of being a teenager. I really liked this theme because being a teenager is actually fun (and moody too) but still fun.
I did mention they use their punk pop sound well, but I wish they would do more creativity for their next album. But this is a nice debut to introduce themselves to the public.
As for the deluxe edition tracks, its like an extension of the entire album. Worth a listen and worth the extra money to buy more songs.
While I want them to be more creative for their next album, if you want to give a chance on a boyband that plays instruments which I did, go listen to this album. I suggest you should recall your great, joyful teenage moments while youre listening for added entertainment. Have fun!",1,3,"Jul 23, 2014"
9,"The pop/rock songs with a pop-punk edge that is present throughtout the album with the ocasional ballad thrown in makes this record great for me. I have always appreciated the genre and 5sos manages to pull it off in a way that seems fresh in todays mainstream music with their overly upbeat energy. Although lyrically nothing revolutionary , the slightly edgy instrumentals which manage to remain radio friendly work great for them.",1,4,"Jul 23, 2014"
7,"fgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgffgdgdgfgfdgf",1,4,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"olha s vc que deram zero deem zero pro meu pau esse album merece dezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz vendeu 2 milhoes recalcados reis compre sgfg on itunes",1,4,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"very good album i'm impressed, definitely one of the best ones released this year
long way home, end up here, heartbreak girl, english love affair >>>>",1,5,"Jul 22, 2014"
5,"When I heard this album came out, I decided to listen to it and I thought it would sound horrible.
Surprisingly, it's not that bad, but there are some songs too similar to those of One Direction (for example: 'She Looks So Perfect', 'Amnesia' etc.), but there are songs too similar to Fall Out Boy, Green Day, blink-182 & Fall Out Boy.
For a boy band, they're ok - not bad, not good. That's it.",0,2,"Sep 24, 2014"
0,"Bad, just bad. Honestly one of the worst albums I've ever listened to. The only good song on the album is 'Amnesia' but it can't save the album from this review.",0,2,"Aug 30, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum  muito bom, quem  fifth harmony? so aquelas que fazem um lbum cheio de farofa ruim, me poupe n? 5sos e little mix >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>",0,3,"Feb  7, 2015"
7,"People think they are bad because of being a teen band. This album is nothing new and is just simple rock-pop but is still fresh and good. They are cute teen but it doesn't mean that they're bad, actually they're very talented.",0,3,"Aug 25, 2015"
10,"very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood",0,1,"Oct 23, 2015"
5,"Po kjo sht nj tjetr i prgjithshm band djal pop , por ju nuk mund ta mohojn se shum prej kngve n album jan sheqer , mbi t prodhuar , dhe vetm dua t bj q ju t merrni nga vendi juaj dhe valle . Megjithat, lyrically kjo LP bie banes me jo m shum se melodrams dits TV .
5/10",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
8,"I think that people are being prejudiced because of the many labels that the media have given them. Personally I find the album to be a pretty good debut album for 4 teens. I must agree that their album is a touch more pop than I would have liked, and perhaps their next album could be a bit grittier, but the songs mostly fall into the pop punk category. I'm writing this as an unbiased teenager, and not just some obsessed fangirl.
'She Looks So Perfect' was probably one of the stronger tracks in the album. The screaming chants, the staccato notes of Michael's guitar, the melodies and Luke Hemmings' vocals are all what pin the song down to be their best selling song so far. True, the lyrics could have been a bit less clich in various points, but for the most part it really shows the audience the sound of 5SOS and their personality.
'Don't Stop' I felt was a little less stronger than the previous track, and is a lot more clichd than it should have been. Had the lyrics been a bit more original, it could have proven to be an even better track, but luckily the general melody saves it from a despairing fate.
'Good Girls' was one of the better tracks, with some good melodies, some excellent vocals from Michael and some great lyrics. The Sprechgesang was not in their favour, I feel, but the rest was all fantastic. Had this been released as the second single, I feel like this could have easily kept up the momentum that 5SOS were attaining.
'Kiss Me Kiss Me' was again a bit of a let down but it had its moments. Written with Alex Gaskarth of All Time Low, the chorus is probably its highest point.
'18' raised up the momentum again, with quirky lyrics such as 'She's got a naughty tattoo in/A place I wanna get to/But my mum still drives me to school' and a gritty guitar riff. Personally, the lyrics are the highest point for me, but otherwise it's a decent song.
'Everything I Didn't Say' is now entering the break-up song territory, and is filled with emotional lyrics. The only downside is that it's boring. In my opinion, pop punk should catch the listener at first glance. That's the pop part of it. And unless you have the patience to really sit down and listen to it, this isn't the song to quickly get you hooked.
'Beside You' is practically the same as Everything I Didn't Say. Spawning from the minds behind Amy Meredith, Beside You is too clichd and a little too boring for me. The only thing that surprised me was the strings section, really.
'End Up Here' is a little more interesting, with the vocally powerful chorus and self deprecating manner that is so familiar with punk. Its second chorus claps are sure to keep a stadium going and to raise the energy by miles.
'Long Way Home' features surprising piano chords at the beginning that fit in quite nicely. This one is a little more lyrically rich, which I like, such as 'We're hiding out in a dream/Catching fire like kerosene' But apart from the lyrics and catchy intro, the song is a bit of a let down.
'Heartbreak Girl' manages to pick it up a little. I believe this was recorded before the actual album and it's pretty catchy. The guitar riff, the whole theme of the song, Heartbreak Girl doesn't disappoint. It would probably have more attention if it was placed a little higher.
'English Love Affair' is similar to Everything I Didn't Say in that it's not the catchiest at first glance, but it definitely creeps up on you. Once you have the patience to listen to it more than a few times, it gets better and better with every listen, and the edgy lyrics and chants become more and more endearing.
'Amnesia' is more pop than punk but it doesn't really matter. Penned by the men of Good Charlotte, Amnesia features really beautiful vocals that do showcase the talents of the boys and lyrics that will possibly drive every one of their fan girls crazy. It's a bit of a shame that its not a little punk but really the lyrics and vocals make up for it.
'Social Casualty' shocked me, as the riff is pretty much 'Sugar, We're Going Down' from Fall Out Boy, which saddened me. They could do a lot better. The lyrics are interesting, but not enough to grip me. Apart from being a little bit of a rip off of Fall Out Boy, this track isn't enough for me.
'Never Be' only has good lyrics for me, and otherwise, it's boring. Never Be could have done better, but its stuck with some boring melodies. It's an unfortunately low point to be at near the end.
'Voodoo Doll' features smooth vocals and nice rhythms and honestly, for the deluxe version, it's a good song to end it on. Of course, the acoustic version of Don't Stop is what it ends on, but Voodoo Doll is the last produced song. It's lyrics are generally interesting, its vocals not too shabby and the melodies are quite catchy.
Overall, the vocals shine through most of the songs, and generally, the punk in the pop punk is clear. The melodies are infectious - sometimes copied - and the lyrics are sometimes clichd but original. Well done 5SOS",0,0,"Nov 13, 2014"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, merecia muito mais! 5SOS so os reis do pop rock/pop punk teen, eles so bem emo goticos, com hinos 100% satanicos, bem roqueiros e super conceituais... Eles so borboletas do punk, literalmente, muito punk.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
7,"Esse CD  realmente muito interessante, ele no  um album excelente, mas possui musicas timas, tem algumas musicas descartveis, mas para um album inicial ele  timo. esses meninos esto de parabns.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
5,"5 Seconds of Summer is a boyband that could actually play instruments. In this sense, they are a band. Probably because of contributions made by Alex Gaskarth, this self-titled album seems like a poorer imitation of All Time Low,  with little to non-existent individuality. With the exception of a few tracks such as She Looks So Perfect and Don't Stop, most of their songs are mediocre at best, with lazy composition and forgettable choruses. Despite their apparent blandness, I would still give the album a 5 because of their attempt to reintroduce the punk-rock genre back into the mainstream.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2015"
10,"they are amazing, please buy sounds good feels good and watch them on youtube, they deserve a lot and i love them so much 5sos eu escolhi te amar bebes",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"this albums is so good for listen when you'e traveling, to sleep, in a party i love them so mushc and love this album, they are so good idols, REISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS",0,0,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"UM AMORRR, AMO MUITO (ao ponto de gastar 35 reais com o deluxe). Opinio de Harmonizer pra mim  irrelevante, por que se elas gostam de um lixo como aqueles, gostar de coisa boa  o que no vo, n?",0,0,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"es un buen album.. me encantaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa c:",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
7,"Bom disco, mas no timo, eu amo 5SOS, mas esse disco faltou realidade, s tem histria de amor nesse lbum, mas tambm tem o hino Social Casualty, que mostra bastante o pop-punk que a banda tem, honrando influncias de bandas como Green Day, blink-182 e All Time Low.",0,0,"May  8, 2016"
8,"La Roux is back, stronger and with more sharper collections brought from 80's Synthpop music.
While I did not care for the duo's debut mostly for it's robotic production, this new record from Ella Jackson feels classy and ageless with songwriting tackling the titel 'Trouble In Paradise', which where she depicts the topics of trouble and paradise, vocally and sonically on her newest New wave LP.
The five year process is a result of a cohesive Pop record, catchy, yet driven on concepts of love reaching from special ones being their paradise to rockier storytelling about a guys way of finding pleasure through prostitutes.
While lyrics has darker effects at times, as sex being manipulating and controlled, Ella's voice is the beauty on top of heavenly instrumentals. A nostalgic trip, more under influence than La Roux has ever been, still more inspiring than most music out that is trying to be.
Songs themself are for the most part great at their own, others can stand-out more than others and the closer 'The Feeling' may be the only really lacking the feeling compared and suffer from flaws the same as found on their debut. And it might not have the international hit as with the single 'Bulletproof' but 'Trouble In Paradise' on it's own, has the greatness- the work of a fantastic album.
Overall, La Roux is out with one of the most enjoyable albums- sexier, warmer, luxurious and just more creative and fun than competitors. If it grows as it should, it will definitely end up being a favorite, and probably better in the category of Synthpop, if we even can count this record in as just that.",3,3,"Jul 30, 2014"
10,"Euphoric, joyous, vulnerable, sparkling pop that you will never get tired of unless your mind isn't capable of dreaming. Consistent, sonically delicious and brilliantly thought out. La Roux is that rare pop artist who is writing great stuff and pushing forward, an artist whose career is well worth following, as she knows exactly where she is going.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2014"
7,"A decent collection of 9 good pop songs. Comparable to No Doubt's 'Push And Shove' in it's updated take on 80s synth pop. It doesn't feel like it's only 9 tracks, but where it falls slightly flat for me is when she stretches out a feeble idea for 7 minutes. There's is moderate depth here, but she has tried to make it more than what it is. It's good. That's all.",3,4,"Jul 28, 2014"
10,"10/10 - 'At only nine tracks long, but with every one of them worthy of single status, it displays, as pop albums go, both rare economy and staggering consistency'",0,0,"Oct 25, 2015"
9,"If there ever was a proper 80's sounding pop record since the millenium, La Roux's much anticipated second album just took that to a whole new level. Now crafting sounds in solo, Elly Jackson takes a trip on the record to the realms of Grace Jones and Tom Tom Club, and delivers a fine piece of synth heaven (may I say Paradise?) once again. The majority of songs ooze a sense of frustration, most notably Silent Partner and Let Me Down Gently, which might as well be the centrepieces of the album. With just 9 tracks, but not a single unnecessary moment, the phrase 'quality over quantity' has never been more appropriate.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've heard in 2014. Uptight Downtown is a great lead single and I'm excited to see which songs follow it. It's definitely more tropical than her last album (On her first album, Quicksand and Cover My Eyes gave off a tropical atmosphere but on here all of the track do) and I really do hope Tropical Chancer is the next single. Kiss and Not Tell and Sexoteque sound like they were taken directly from the Carribean and Paradise is You sounds like Adore You by Miley Cyrus done in a tropical fashion (and a better fashion to be honest). The only real downer here is the final track The Feeling but I go easy on it because Elly Jackson wrote it all on her own and that's a tough thing to do especially for an artist on their sophomore album. This is altogether an awesome album and has motivated me to keep La Roux as one of my favorite artists",0,0,"Jul 23, 2014"
8,"This album was a surprise as it was such a departure to La Roux's original dance sound. The album is filled with island-themed musical numbers and lush beats. Its a wonder it didn't fair better on the charts.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2015"
8,"'Trouble in Paradise' is the best synthie-pop record of the year so far. Ellies recent performance and songwriting are complementing the 80s-soundconsummately, thus creating a magical mixture.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2014"
10,"9 tracks? I never thought something so well created could be put in such a small album (except Gaga's The Fame Monster, of course, which is only one track shorter.) This album is screaming summer at me and I am screaming right back at it in shock of how cohesive it is and how it shines. The first song I heard from the album was Tropical Chancer, and I was in shock. This wasn't the La Roux I remembered, but I loved it! I heard Uptight Downtown and Let Me Down Gently and I knew I was ready for it. I realized I had already listened to a whole third of the album, but I wasn't let down. I was somewhat excited, but the final product blew me out of the water. The light, synth, summer pop hooks and verses just grab you. While La Roux may be a Elly Jackson's solo project now, it's clear that La Roux hasn't lost the touch. Trouble in Paradise is summertime sadness, fun, and mystery jam-packed in a beautiful record. A perfect album that'll definitely be on repeat for me for a while (along with LDR's Ultraviolence...)
I definitely recommend Uptight Downtown, Kiss And Not Tell, Cruel Sexuality, Sexotheque, Paradise is You, Sexotheque.... actually, just listen to the whole album.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2014"
6,"When I listened to their (or in this case, her) debut album, I was amazed on how the sound was made. Its quite electronic without going through the cliches of EDM music. Its like I am listening to rainbows!
Then, after a very long hiatus, La Roux comes back with a new album that according to their fans is worth the comeback.
This album had a different sound compared to the debut effort. The sound is more like rock from the 60s-70s with some input of electronic sound. It goes to show that La Roux doesnt want to be a one-trick pony.
I noticed the lyrics are more risque in this album. I never heard any La Roux song that indirectly refers to sex and this is quite a change.
I think what the album lacked was personality and it made this album a bit boring to listen at times.
This comeback album of La Roux will satisfy most loyal fans. For me, its nice to see La Roux coming back to the music industry with a new record but would I listen to this album again? I am afraid not.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2014"
10,"The best album in 2014, you better listen. She don't change nothing about your musical style, she is incredible. The beat it, the sound, the voice is amazing!",0,0,"Jul 22, 2014"
9,"Doesn't exactly pack the bite of the first album, but it's still a very enjoyable, downright pleasant and beautiful album to listen to repeatedly. Finally a current female pop artist who writes great music and doesn't need to take her clothes off. Her music speaks for itself. I can't wait to hear more future music from her. Great pop music.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2014"
4,"After the refreshingly simple and sharp Yazoo-like debut, this new release is a real disappointment. Very shop-worn song structure and chord arrangements. The melodies  are too familiar for comfort. Pleasant enough but a lot of it could be Bananarama.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2014"
7,"I love the vintage-sounding production, and the lyrics are catchy and cool. La Roux has created another solid release. Some tracks impress more than others, however, and a few aren't memorable. Favorite track: Sexotheque. (Moneymoneymoney I bet... he's at the sexotheque...)",0,0,"Oct 10, 2014"
10,"This is an album I can listen on repeat and then repeat again. La Roux's second album is stronger, euphoric and with no restraints. Bringing back some 80's beats, this is a sparkling-shiny pop album. Ella left her robotic voice for something more human and touching, exploring pleasures and everything else.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
6,"Let's ignore any consequences NONONO might face for, well, being called NONONO, which could've been conceived by a teenager still suffering from mid-2000s Myspace era emo disease -- talk to your doctor immediately if you're suffering from any of the symptons too obvious to list. And let's just talk about the Swedish trio's (un)anticipated debut studio album, We Are Only What We Feel, for a paragraph or two. Because that's probably all it'll take.
The lead single, 'Pumpin Blood', received moderate radio airplay earlier this year, which -- in the same vain as indietronica bands such as M83 and MGMT -- relies less on lyricism (you wouldn't hear them from frontwoman Stina Wappling's seemingly breathy, moaning vocals, anyway) and more on its infectious whistling hook and Of Monsters and Men-esque folk charm. Then you have the opening 'Jungle', which has influences from every Swedish electronic musician(s) ever, and 'Echo', which guides curious club goers off the dancefloor and into an Ellie Goulding like delight of a trance and could pass off as the greatest song on the album.
But here's the shocker: despite all the aforementioned aspects, which have all created the careers of a number of popular indietronica acts, We Are Only What We Feel not only missed the upper regions of the charts in any country by a mileshot, it wasn't even an iconic success, receiving more mixed to negative reviews from music critics and not enough listeners to consider them a 'cult' fanbase. Why? Here's the answer: I just answered it in the last paragraph; NONONO completely based their 'signature' sound around the millions of sounds musical acts old and new have created, complicated, and perfected as recent as this year. The musical structure becomes tedious too soon and whoever in the trio are responsible for the songwriting have the lyrical insight of the teenage girl I mentioned way up above. It's a disappointment too, considering none of the songs on the album reach a colossal amount of good or bad.
Recommending NONONO to any of my friends seems to become a bit of a bore, because I know I won't receive a significant reaction; not even a punch on the shoulder for maybe like it. And that's terrifying territory to be in, whether you're on the good or bad side of the reaction. Nobody's calling Rebecca Black's 2011 viral hit 'Friday' a work of art, but it drew out a major chain of reactions, didn't it? We Are Only What We Feel gives the listener the faux idea that they're about to hear something either really deep or really stupid. Spoiler alert, it's neither. But if you're into chill vibes, polished indie pop, hooks galore, and nonsensical lyrics that are almost always pinned in by production, give it a listen next time you're on Spotify and don't rule them out just yet. A quirky name like NONONO has to have some sort of lasting impact they might not have found just yet.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2014"
7,"The singer/song-writer Ed Sheeran is back at it, with his sophmore LP 'X' which was followed up by the two Hip Hop/R&B influenced tracks 'Sing' and 'Don't'. Songs, heavyweight producers like Pharrell and Rick Rubin (respectively) laid hands on. A more rougher and mature Ed Sheeran with a flave of urban music, packed with more experiences of the 'BS', though the same sweet and hopeless lad he remains with his ballades, better lyrically and sonically than ever.
'Sing', a cut bringing the thoughts back to the early 2000 where Neptunes production had it's landmark, a song that could easily slip in to Justin Timberlake's debut album.
'Sing' is a summer hit, finding himself more up-tempo than he has ever been and also a drastic change for Sheeran. The track swirls with guitar riffs and heavy beats throughout with verses and chorus sung in a gorgeously outstanding melisma and falsetto. Both production and vocals, makes one reminisce on a Timberlake and even Michael Jackson.
'Don't' is basically the guys anthem for women being disloyal and unfaithful with you, but deeper to the story, it is his feelings pouring out after that his fellow-celebrity crush and lover went behind his sight with another man. And who the girl is *cough, Ellie Goulding?, cough* we may never know.
The song is the closest thing a singer/song-writer is coming to 2 Pac's 'California Love' and Blackstreet's 'No Diggity'. Two tracks Dr. Dre did what he's known for, outside of his Beats-collection, and on here the bounce infectiously got a wrap on what could, or should be Sheeran's next single. A track Sheeran has been open about the influence of.
'All my senses come to life / While I'm stumbling home as drunk as I, have ever been..' he sings shattered and lonely for some warmth on the opener 'One', as he slowly realises that his woman slips out of reach for the days that goes by.
An absolutely beautiful song, that starts up with him and his acoustic guitar then with adds of a light beat-kick and orchestral melodics. The second chorus in, switches to that he knows, she is being lossed, but hopes at least for her to stay in friendship even if they don't share the same ammount of love. Where this all had it's chance to go Disney, it felt fresh and quite crushing.
While his precursor '+' shared the topics a like, the execution mostly had it's lacks, if it was a corny lyric or just a weak production, it had it's critics, it was recognized by myself to, but for this run you actually feel the emotions and don't feel the need to cringe instead. Sheeran is putting a closure to the same girl he had mentioned on '+', end chapter, good mate. This will probably be the most played for the rainy days, a song that will top at the back-hand of the year.
The album is a change pace for Sheeran, more than before, he embraces influences from other artists and genres, like The Streets influenced cut 'The Man' where he raps excellent with a sing-songy flow, or if it is just a sting of touch of a rapidly vocal output of Craig David. His love for Hip Hop is all over, especially the first half which also is the stronger and more memorable part. Though all the songs might not have the fire as the six opening tracks, they still got a little charm in them without being that much of a filler.
Ed Sheeran is out this time, with a broader purpose to stay, there lyrics, melodies don't end up beeing the cheesy teen-pop, high school poetry, but, noticeably grown as an artist. He his writing more cohesive, sexier and taking his music further bringing another element to it which could have failed to his right, but ended up being the most satisfying album he has done, proven me his talents and that some mistakes, just was mistakes.
'Multiply' as pronounced, is one of the best mainstream pop music we are going to across this year, and one of the better ones in a while!",9,9,"Jun 23, 2014"
8,"The one word that can sum up the whole record is 'Brilliance'. With 'x', Ed Sheeran experiments musically, while not straying a lot from his comfort zone and the formula he used on his previous record, '+'. From the first lyric until the last one, Sheeran performs so flawlessly you can literally feel his pain, agony, happiness, love, or confusion. Here's a track-by-track review:
1. One: No other track could have kicked off the album so beautifully, with Sheeran desperately asking a former lover to 'always be a friend'. My personnel favourite.(10/10)
2. I'm a Mess: Great track with some great guitar riffs, and the last minute and a half will blow you away with Sheeran repeating 'For how long I loved my lover?'. A huge concert-bomb, this track is.(10/10)
3. Sing: The lead single off of the record and the Pharell-driven Timberlak'ish' track is easily a stand-out, specially due to Sheeran's flawless falsetto.(10/10)
4. Don't: A blue-eyed pop/hip-hop hit about a cheating flame. Obviously, a huge future-single choice. This track says 'Rick Rubin' all over it.(10/10)
5. Nina: A track about Sheeran and his former lover 'watching DVD and smoking illegal weed', but finally he asks her to leave cause he'll never stop touring. Good one, but not the best one. (8/10)
6. Photograph: There are no words to describe this, as many said, Snow Patrol-meets-Taylor Swift ballad. Just like Ed said it would, this track is gonna 'change the path of his career'. I would give it an 11 if i could. (10/10)
7. Bloodstream: A bit clichd, but the song is saved by 3 elements: Ed's soulful vocally-beautiful performance, Ed's perfectly executed guitar-riffs, and the obvious imprint of Rick Rubin on it. (9/10)
8. Tenerife Sea: I'd be a liar if I said this track is not a great love weeding-ready song. One of those songs that says what every girl wants to hear. (9/10)
9. Runaway: If this song doesn't become a huge hit and beautiful stop in concert, then I don't wanna live anymore. Once again, this great Pharrell-Timberlake song also says 'ED SHEEEEERAN' all over it. He's not trying too hard, it just comes naturally. (10/10)
10. The Man: If you missed the Streets you saw on You Need Me, I Don't Need You, well here we go back to his great rap, but about a different concept: heartbreak and the loss of an old flame. Flawlessly-done.(9/10)
11. Thinking Out Loud: probably the biggest track on the album, along with Photograph. Great performance, great vocals, great instruments, great lyrics, great production. GREAT GREAT GREAT. (10/10)
12. Afire Love: While his debut single was about a drug-addict prostitute, this one is about Alzheimer's and his grandpa's struggle with it. Yep, this is how much Ed's lyrics are diverse. Great heartbreaking closer.(9/10)
So that about sums up the whole concept of the Brit's sophomore installment: You're Happy? Listen to it. You're sad and confused? Listen to it. Ed Sheeran just shows us just how far his talent can go. BUY IT PEOPLE!!",3,3,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"Such an amazing album full of great songs. Ed is proving more and more how amazing and talented he is. Im obsessed with 'Shirtsleeves' and 'Even my dad does sometimes', the lyrics are really good.",1,1,"Sep  8, 2014"
8,"I love this album! The first single, 'Sing' didn't catch me but even this way I heard the album and passed months and I'm still listening it. Instrumentally for me, Ed keeps the good rhythm. Lyrically, sometimes he falls but when he's rapping, he's great. And the vocals, Wow, the vocals, he got this voice of angel that can catch anybody. My favorite's top 5 (Is kinda hard do it): 1 - Bloodstream (I have to say, when Ed keeps singing 'All the voices in my mind, calling out across the line and keep going until touch the high point is F****** AWESOME!), 2 - I'm a mess, 3 - I See Fire, 4 - Don't, 5 - Photograph.",1,1,"Oct 19, 2014"
8,"As an album the sudden changes between fun party songs and slow emotional love songs can be a rough, but each of the songs on their own are good enough to make the album and enjoyable success.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2015"
10,"I pretty much liked Ed's first album '+' and gave it an 8/10 but i wasn't blown away by it. I was quite looking forward to 'x' though especially after the 1st single 'Sing' and all i can say is, after listening to the complete album, that it completely blew me away and definitely surpassed my expectations of how good the album was going to be. In my opinion 'x' is an amazing album, way better than '+'. Throughout 'x'  Ed sounds great and as a whole the album is pretty diverse. '+' was just a start for him and with 'x' he really proves how capable of an artist he is leaving a great impression on all. For me the album is very polished and great to listen to; a serious contender for album of the year. I'm quite looking forward to hearing more from him and know for sure that this album is sure to be a huge hit and propel Ed to the top of the music industry. My favorites from the album include Don't, I'm a Mess, Runaway, The Man and Thinking Out Loud. Apart from the terrible artwork, 'x' is a great album.",4,6,"Jun 23, 2014"
9,"This album is wonderfull,Ed Sheeran is amazing and really **** good.
'+' IS MUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCH GOOD,but 'X' is MUUUUCH BETTER,
WE LOVE ED '****' SHEERAN",2,4,"Jun 23, 2014"
7,"It's just more of the same... But less. The album has a focus in the lyrics, not so much in the production. It makes 'X' a little less than '+'. They could be do it better.",2,4,"Jun 27, 2014"
0,"Pretty cool, inspiring and heartfelt apart from the actual music, great for young fangirls though, ill give it that. A lot of bad music with little to no end result, makes you feel like a young kid trying to tell your mum that 5am is a good bedtime, arguments are pointless and never end well, even if you enjoy the music. It's like your mum letting you stay up until 5am and then you have got to live with the consequence of being cranky, u gotta deal with basically wasting ur time with this album. STAY AWAY",1,2,"Apr 17, 2015"
6,"'X' was meant to be the album where Ed finally proved his doubters wrong, but sadly he fails to. Let's not be too hasty, he has released a relatively strong album that many would be proud of, the issue is that we know he is capable of so much more. However, like his dbut, once again it is a case of less would be more. The songs themselves sound like they will be very good to hear live once he has stripped them back to just himself which just leaves the question, why doesn't he record them a bit closer to the live version? The talent is obvious but as long as he allows his albums to venture away from his selling point it seems that he will always underwhelm to some extent. However, lyrically he has vastly improved in my opinion, where the more forgettable tracks of '+' lacked in the substance of the stand out tracks, it is very much strong across the board this time. (I won't put any in to prevent spoiling for first time listeners!)
So basically, he has put out a good album which for most we would probably be impressed with, but this is Ed Sheeran, a man of enormous talent if only it could be channelled better.",1,3,"Jun 27, 2014"
0,"Culpa do Pedro, porque o pedro  o culpado de tudo, culpem o pedro, 150 letras culpando o pedro, pedro, isso mesmo o pedro, vamos pedro, culpa sua, zzzz.",1,6,"Dec 27, 2014"
10,"It's just more of the same... But less. The album has a focus in the lyrics, not so much in the production. It makes 'X' a little less than '+'. They could be do it better.",0,3,"Jun 27, 2014"
7,"For me this album was very polar, as many tracks were excellent yet a few fell short. Unfortunately, the album didn't feel like a well planned and constructed album, but more of a collection of songs, as very few of them seemed to gel together. However, there are excellent tracks in the beginning and the middle, but fall short at the end, especially My Dad Does Sometimes and Shirtsleeves. My favorite track was I See Fire. Despite it's flaws it was still a very good album, and is definitely worth a listen to.",0,1,"Aug  5, 2015"
8,"Ed Sheeran incorporates new elements into his music to make a stronger album then his first and is able to avoid the sophomore slump. The rap elements are fun and the more urban sounding songs in the first half are better than anything you will find on +. The first half is substantially stronger then the second half but it is solid throughout.
Notable songs: I'm a Mess, Sing, Photograph, Runaway and Afire Love",0,0,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"GREAT ALBUM.........some songs could have had more work....but the culmination of all the songs produces a dynamic pop album . Songs like ONE,I'M A MESS AND TINERIFE SEA, show his rather talented vocal ability whilst he also shows his talent with the guitar strings",0,0,"Jun 28, 2014"
7,"Ed fortunately didn't fall prey to the sophomore slump.  Despite a few duller moments, he really expanded on the unique talents he showed on his debut. The rapping cadences pop up more frequently, the instrumentation gets more tight & interesting, and Ed still isn't afraid of tackling darker subjects despite his mainstream success.
(For a more in-depth review with Album Review TV, look up 'Spin It Reviews' on YouTube.)",0,0,"Jun 30, 2014"
8,"X grows on you more than Ed's previous album, +. If you give it enough time and attention, this is a very rewarding album. It takes + and does exactly what you would expect. Multiplies. Adds more variety, layers, and better production. Ed worked with a lot of producers on this album (Rick Rubin, Pharrell Williams to name a few) but it never feels disjointed. Every song somehow manages to seamlessly flow into the next. If + was a 6, X is definitely an 8.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2014"
8,"Existem alguns estgios na carreira de um artista musical que, normalmente, precisa-se se respeitado para que a jornada do mesmo seja a melhor possvel. Uma delas  a transio do primeiro lbum para o segundo. H uma ordem j estabelecida que diz que o primeiro lbum deve mostrar o potencial do artista para o futuro. Mesmo que seja um trabalho genial  necessrio no tomar cuidado para no enganado por um belo embrulho e esquecer que h mais coisas por baixo que devem ser levadas em conta. Essas coisas, ento, devem ser mais bem mostradas no lbum seguinte para que o pblico saiba qual o verdadeiro artista est na sua frente. Ento, o segundo lbum  o consolidador (ou no) da carreira de um artista. Claro, h vrias excees, mas, em vrios casos acontece assim. O mais recente exemplo  do ingls Ed Sheeran. Para a alegria de Ed, seus fs e do pblico em geral, o resultado de X (fala-se multiply, 'multiplicao') o resultado  positivo. Melhor: o resultado  extremamente positivo, pois Ed, alm de se mostrar um artista mais complexo que seu trabalho anterior, entrega um CD sensacional.
X funciona espetacularmente em todos os nveis possveis. Comea pelo fato de que o CD  deliciosamente despretensioso. Ed  um jovem de 23 anos que est  procura de um caminho em sua vida pessoa e devido a isso encontra no caminho obstculos, comete erros e, as vezes, acerta. Mais do que isso: Ed quer apenas viver sua vida. Encontrar um sentido na sua existncia. Como eu, voc e todo mundo. Essa humanidade  perceptvel em cada composio que compem X dando ao trabalho uma atmosfera to tocvel e identificvel. So as memrias, as vivncias, as observaes de Ed sobre a vida. Com uma preferncia para os assuntos do corao, mas sem esquecer outras facetas e tambm utilizando em alguns momentos pitadas do humor e a ironia tpica britnica, Ed demonstra uma habilidade para narrar as coisas banais com uma doura nica, mas sem perder o foco e cair em lugares comuns. Na verdade, Ed com ajuda de alguns parceiros interessantes se faz um expert em contar de maneira o que  de comum na vida de uma pessoa. Como um verdadeiro cantor/compositor, Ed domina suas canes com perfeio. Porm, nada pode preparar quem ouve todo o lbum para a impressionante presena e versatilidade que ele mostra aqui.
Dono de um tom delicado e suave como seda, o cantor no se apega a isso para fazer as suas performances. Ed mostra uma capacidade impressionante no que tange se adaptar em diversos estilos para melhor interpretada cada cano de X. Ele se coloca na figura de cantor de pop estilo 'Michael Jackson' com a mesma facilidade que tem para se modular na figura de cantor indie pop mostrando uma fragilidade emocionante. Ento, Ed vira um rapper com um estilo divertido e afiado para depois carregar brilhantemente uma power balada pop sem nenhum momento perder as qualidades de sua voz. Finalmente, mas no menos importantes, as escolhas de Ed para a produo do lbum so acertada no momento que ele decidiu abrir o leque de possibilidades com a adio de novos nomes como Pharrell Williams, Rick Rubin, Jeff Bhasker e Emile Haynie dando para a sua sonoridade um colorido mais vibrante e bem mais substncia do que apenas trabalhar com Jake Gosling (produtor do anterior +), mas que tambm aqui tem seu nome credito em algumas msicas. No que essas mudanas mudaram o estilo pop indie com base de violo e influncias de R&B, folk e rock que Ed mostrou anteriormente, mas com a ajuda deles a sonoridade ficou mais refinada e intensa. O resultado final  um lbum inspirado e bastante coeso que ajuda a mostrar claramente quem  Ed Sheeran. Entre vrios momentos marcantes em X  necessrio destacar que o melhor momento  a emocionante Photograph, uma balada capaz de tirar lgrimas verdadeiras. No menos sensacionais esto One, o single Sing, as com uma orientao mais voltada para o rap The Man e Take It Back, Thinking Out Loud que lembra muito as canes de John Mayer e, por fim, a bonita Afire Love. Ed Sheeran tem como o resultado de X, no apenas um dos melhores lbuns de 2014, mas o comeo definitivo de uma carreira que vai ainda dar frutos ainda mais impressionantes.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
6,"This is a great album. Singer/songwriter Ed Sheeran is back with his second full-length album 'X,' which had 2 amazing singles, Sing and Don't. Pharrell and Rick Rubin laid their hands on the album, which made it better. X really isn't anything special after you here 'Sing,' 'Don't,' and 'Afire Love.' It is just regular good all tracks after this, which really disappointed me. I thought he could do another + and make 2 amazing albums, but this just didn't cut it for me.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2014"
9,"Who knew that Ed Sheeran can sing R&B?And can be so amazing!Actually I hated Ed's music before,this album really changed my mind,and who knew Ed can rap like that?Love 'sing' 'don't' 'I see fire' 'The man' and some more songs that are so amazing,wish he can do more this kinda album",0,0,"Oct 11, 2014"
10,"I have not written a review since the beginning of the year, since not many new releases have inspired me, until this one.  After one listen of the entire cd, I was hooked.  The depth of the lyrics, the rhythms and melodies all touch the soul. While most of the tracks are folk inspired, Ed seamlessly transitions between  folk, dance, r&b, and hip hop and rap.  This is by far my favorite cd of the year.  I would not be surprised if it will be nominated for, and probably win, many awards this year.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
8,"Ed Sheeran has finally made a breakthrough. While + was a bland album (though littered with some fantastic singles), x achieves consistency in quality. Less 'Nina' and 'The Man', every other song is excellent. In particular, Sheeran's falsetto hits your ears in all the right places in 'One' and 'Photograph', while 'I'm A Mess' and 'Bloodstream' crescendoes beautifully. 'Sing' and 'Don't' provide fun, upbeat party hits, while 'Tenerife Sea' provides for a soothing emotional listen. The best song here is undoubtedly 'Thinking Out Loud', showcasing Sheeran's superb vocal quality and lyric mastery. It is no wonder Sheeran received an Album of the Year Grammy nomination for x, and I believe we can look forward to a day when Sheeran achieves pop domination.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Multiply is one album you can hear thousands of times without having to skip some music, because all aparesentam an amazing and good content to listen. It really is a wonderful album",0,0,"Jan  6, 2015"
6,"I liked this album slightly better than +. It has some nice moments and is a lot more consistent than most albums, but I feel like there's something lacking. I think Ed definitely has his sweet voice and sing-songy rap going for him, but other than that, the music is often generic. His lyrics are cutesy and sometimes smart, but over the course of an album he comes across as self-pitying and unsexy. Still a pretty good effort though.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2015"
2,"Stunningly incompetent from the very first note, Ed Sheeran's X is an atrocious, thoroughly obnoxious waste of time. Almost every aspect of it is exceedingly lame and unoriginal. An ugly mixture of toothless, over-sentimental pop, recycled R&B and brainless hip-hop, this album is designed for every form of lowest common denominator imaginable. It's for the soccer moms who buy albums based on what they hear on the radio and the X Factor. It's for the soppy Taylor Swift-obsessed teenage girls going through their first of many heartbreaks. It's for the jobless pothead/drunk buskers who play on the streets for tips. It even aims to impress the dumb hipster gamers who think they're superior to everyone because they play indie games and nothing else; hell, some of the tracks on this album would go well as background noise for that laughably overrated 'Gone Home' crap that inexplicably received a 9.5 score on GameSpot. Completely devoid of anything for real music fans to latch onto, it has just one redeeming quality - the fact that at least it could be worse. After all, this isn't a LMFAO, Nicki Minaj or Kanye West album. But it's still a complete insult to music regardless. Ed Sheeran's X is a worthless, insufferably tedious lump of modern pop manure that will be dated by the time it finally leaves the charts and gets replaced by the next album of its kind.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2015"
8,"A Brilliant album by Ed Sheeran. Ed Sheeran is a great singer/song-writer and the album is also great.Hope he will continue to do his work well and create wonderful songs rather than a song about how sexy they are or how big her butt is.",0,0,"May 27, 2015"
10,"It is the perfect album, as a huge Ed sheeran fun. Very emotional, meaningful lyrics, i mean, it is just perfect, all songs in the album are great. this is included Thinking out loud which is very famous",0,0,"Jun 27, 2015"
7,"An album that has good music and bad music for Ed Sheeran , I expected more ... An album can not be formed only 3 or 4 hits, he has to have at least 12 or 13. I give 70 , median .",0,0,"Jul 29, 2015"
8,"Beautiful album. Ed is the one of the few artists that can impress you with only his voice and a guitar. X don't have catchy songs, but  it's still very popular!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"For his sophomore album, Ed Sheeran released a diverse and incredible album ranging from strong ballads in Afire Love and Thinking Out Loud to urban hits like Sing and Don't. Every last song in Multiply is a big success.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2016"
7,"Although X is not exactly an improvement over Ed Sheeran's previous album, it still offers a considerable amount of emotional depth and song variation.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2016"
6,"An album that sadly fails on the expectations and greatness of Sam Smith's voice!
As most, I came across Smith for his features on the duo Disclosure- and Naughty Boy's big hits, 'Latch' and 'La La La' (respectively), songs he provided his excellent pipes for.
Aside the brilliant beat use from the two, Sam Smith's angelic soul was a reason to fall in-love with. A voice that lead to push the tracks higher on the charts, and for the many continuously radio plays.
He was a star in the making, a young man whom critics and fans hailed as pretty much the up-coming of an Adele, in opposite gender though.
With a couple of great songs and EPs later, it looked heavenly for Sam Smith and his debut LP 'In The Lonely Hour'.
Songs such as 'Stay With Me' was one of them early ones, and the anticipations for his debut went all sky-rocket. It is a perfect example of a stunning ballad with beautifully layered production behind his on-point lyrics and vocal-delivery about a one night stand Sam wants to hold on till, Smith is a loner.
While unrequited love, loneliness and sadness is something most people know a thing or two about, too much of it, can hurt on the wrong foot (see: 'Like I Can'). Cause past the four-five opening tracks, songs on the second-half becomes all more filler, corny and more of an everlasting long cut of the same-samey.
Even the second track, 'Good Thing' that starts off wonderful with whispery guitar riffs, gripping vocals and catchy melodies, suffers from Hollywood cheesiness on the string department when the bridge kicks in.
That's most of the album in emotions, it feels like a soul lost in Hollywood, and not the concept record of being the love-letter to the man he loved. Instead we get A-B-C rhymes about 'June' and 'Spoon' on a track like 'Not in That Way'.
The album ends on a sweet and good note though with 'Lay Me Down' a track listeners had experience and praise with before and after the release of the album.
The album feels uncompleted as an overall project, and well yeah the songs flows nicely into each other, it might be because it feels like the other one before that and the next one that plays on. And while we have seen a one-dimensional record hit home before, this did not with it's, at times, mediocre/un-interesting production and it's duds on lyrics and delivery.
'In The Lonely Hour' is nowhere near being a bad record, in fact it is enjoyable mostly cause of the outstanding voice of Sam Smith, and it is better than most in mainstream pop to come out.
But that's it, I/we do not want him to be an average musician, a musician to fade away. We expect risks, rawer products and less safe-zone of an album even if it is executed poorly. In the end, at least it will be mentioned and recognized.. and, respectable.
Sam Smith needs a fresh start, new team or direction to accomplish much more bigger succes, not just in sales but in hearts of sceptics, and fans as I.",6,7,"Jul 14, 2014"
8,"This is a somber, sobering album that I really enjoyed. It shouldn't have been released in the middle of summer though. It's more of a wintery album, the mood doesn't fit the upbeatness of Summer. That being said, it's a solid piece of work.",2,3,"Jun 19, 2014"
9,"I've been waiting for this album for quite some time now having pretty high expectations of Sam Smith and In The Lonely Hour didn't disappoint. Sam Smith sounds great throughout the whole album. I quite enjoyed the album and it is definitely worth listening to. For me its one of the standouts of the year and Sam Smith is definitely one of my favorite new artists of 2014. The only criticism i have is that a few of the song sounded quite similar to each other. Other than that In The Lonely Hour is a great album. My favorites include Life Support, I'm Not The Only One, Like I Can, Restart and Money On My Mind.",2,3,"Jun 17, 2014"
8,"Easily one of the best albums of the year. He has so much soul and passion when he sings. You can hear the pain and heart ache from his voice and lyrics. His vibe and quality reminds me of the moment I fell in love with Adele. Adele's 'Chasing Pavement' was an incredible debut and soon catapulted her to stardom. Sam Smith's 'Stay With Me' is a great debut single and stands as a highlight of the album. Overall his debut album is wonderful and have an old school vibe, easy listening. Other song stand outs: Lay With Me, Leave Your Lover and Like I Can.",2,3,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"you can see, from many of my reviews, that I am a gay man, and with all of that aside, I can honestly say that this is my favorite cd of the year, by far.    It is heartfelt, soulful, and with an amazing voice, lyrical, amazing.    Of course, I am also proud, and amazed that am openly gay singer can be so mainstream.  I truly love every song on this cd, most of the songs are ballads and amazing and the dance beat songs are amazing as well.  May I say that when I really choose to feel the songs, that tears well up, because I have had unrequited love as well, not very often, but its happened lol.",2,3,"Aug  4, 2014"
10,"Soul at its best. It's on repeat 24/7!
No doubt a new worldwide superstar.
The Best Album of 2014 released to date.
Best collection of songs since Adele's 21.",3,5,"Oct 24, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing! The truth is there are some songs that are not meant for his range but almost very song is extremely true and emotional! If people want something happy then go buy another album! His album is part of him and as fans we must listen to what he's saying not to tell him how we think he must do his albums! Love you Sam! Been a fan since the very beginning!",4,7,"Jun 22, 2014"
1,"The hype circulating in this album is enormous. When it first came out, i felt disappointed. Though there are few good songs, there are also 'so-so' ones.",6,11,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"Sam Smith's voice is heaven on earth. It is impossible to not get drawn into the emotion of the songs and impossible to let go once he draws you in. A true soul wonder.",2,4,"Jun 20, 2014"
8,"Sam Smith is the male Adele. In the Lonely Hour is an excellent album powered by dextrously written lyrics, heartstrings-pulling vocal gymnastics, and stirring backup vocals. The best songs combine these three factors spellbindingly - Money On My Mind, Stay With Me, Like I Can, and Life Support. Every other song is also 5-star quality, less Good Thing, Not in That Way, and Lay Me Down (which are still decent songs). Good job Sam Smith!",1,2,"Dec 25, 2014"
0,"There's far too much hype about this album, it's all over nothing. The opening track is quite possibly one of the worst UK number 1 singles ever. It just shows that **** over-hyped, pointless music sells. I wish this album didn't exist. I've heard a cover of the track 'Stay with Me' by Florence Welch (Florence + the Machine) and her version is better by miles. As much as this may not help, steer clear of this album, even though it'll probably be amongst the best selling albums of 2014 at the end of the year. As for his Critics Choice win at the BRITs earlier this year, why are there so many mixed/negative reviews if he was the 'critics' choice? I personally find that it's not even proper critics that make the choice.",3,7,"Jun 21, 2014"
5,"Sam Smith's debut album contains some great songs, although it lacks much diversity. Many songs just have a piano and guitar accompaniment. It's hard to distinguish one song from another on first listen. There are only a few standouts, admittedly, most of them are the singles. I don't think Smith has quite found himself yet. I can't dispute his amazing vocals. I just hope that the second album can show a different side of him.",1,3,"Dec 15, 2014"
0,"I can not get past the first song, and so bad. and as a male Adele in very very bad version. The melodies are terrible, that his voice is so average and its so boring letters. In the Lonely Hour is rubbish, sorry.",4,13,"Jun 18, 2014"
5,"This heavenly British boy had huge shoes to fill. With a slew of successes in 2013 with Disclosure's 'Latch' and Naughty Boy's 'La La La', Sam Smith was on a gold-plated road to stardom. Unfortunately, somewhere along that pampered road, Mr. Smith got cocky and fell into the figurative mud puddle of one-dimensional songs. Yes, the man has talent. He has the voice of an angel with the soul of a 50s R&B group, but in terms of lyrical themes, he ran out of ideas after two songs.
Sam Smith is a man who shows that he is 'the one'. 'The one' who will love you and care for you. That's great and all for one or two songs, but don't make 10 tracks dedicated to that. From his lyrics, he seems like the lonely, creepy guy staring through the window of a restaurant while a couple sips wine and laughs. Obviously, he's been through heartbreak. Maybe this album is a dedication to the girl he lost and he's trying to reach out to her. But by following in Coldplay's footsteps of an entire album of 'second chances' and 'I was wrong, take me back', Sam Smith gets boring fast. He took a giant leap by releasing these songs as his debut album. This album makes an impression of who he really is. The image portrayed through the songs sees Sam as a lost little puppy in a rainstorm, wanting a hug and some hot cocoa.
However, the songs are catchy enough to sound better than the average pop, incorporating strings, acoustics, and of course, the powerhouse vocals of Sam himself. The only problem is that Sam Smith has fallen into a web of popularity too early. Like a contestant on American Idol, he forced out something that sounds incomplete, or rather, something that lacks personality.  We can learn two things about Sam Smith through his debut album: He doesn't 'do it for the money', he does it 'for the love' and he wants every girl to 'leave their lover' for him.
Sam Smith's career started on a high note. With a phenomenal first EP filled with sensual and savory selections and a few guest appearances that appealed to the masses, he was headed in the right direction. Then he caught the pop star fever and fell hard into mainstream success. It's true that his record sales are impressive, but when the songs being bought need work, is it really worth the hype?
Check out more music/film review on Facebook @ Impossible Soul Reviews!",0,1,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"I didn't think singing voices could be as euphoric as chocolate, but In The Lonely Hour is proof that not only is possible, Sam Smith is here to stay, with that heavenly, raw, emotional, powerful, indescribable voice that oozes unrequited love and tales of woe. Yes, at times the, 'Oooh, my life sucks because the man I care about does not love me!' act is a bit annoying and the songs are a bit samey but the good songs on the album (an acoustic version of Latch, Stay With Me, I'm Not The Only One, among others) balance it out.",0,1,"Jul 30, 2014"
5,"I really like this album but yes, I get really depressed and sad every time i listen to it lol! I wish he could just cheer up because his voice really is good on the upbeat tracks. Sorry Sam. I like you but get happy! :)",0,2,"Jun 17, 2014"
7,"Hmmm.....I am not sure about this album. I wouldn't say I am amazed. I wouldn't say I am disappointed either.
Sam Smith's vocals are the best part of this entire record. His voice is so beautiful to hear, whether it's a song played on a guitar or it's an EDM song. You cannot deny Sam Smith's voice is really good and powerful.
It really made sense that Sam Smith is really heartbroken in this album but I don't know, you can sense that vulnerability in his voice but I just can't get the feels from him and that's the reason why I am not really amazed about this album. But then again, his vocals are the reason why I am not disappointed about this album either. I am on the fence. Nonetheless, I can see why people call him the male version of Adele because the inspiration of Adele's 21 and Sam Smith's In The Lonely Hour are similar.
I really like the tracklist in this album. The song Money In My Mind is a really good song to kickoff this album and it's very different from the rest of the songs because it's not about love or heartbreak. It's about him being signed to a major label which it's quite rare to hear these days. The closing track Lay Me Down is a nice way to close the album in which he talks about his optimism on love after his heartbreak. I am glad he isn't like 'Oh no, I will never love again because this guy broke my heart.' Well, that is my own interpretation of that song so I am not sure if people agree with me on this.
The deluxe edition tracks makes this album better in my opinion and it's worth my money. I am so happy that La La La is included in the deluxe edition.
Overall, I think Sam Smith could do better in this album but this is a really good debut album to kick-off his career.",0,2,"Sep 12, 2014"
10,"Is an incredible album, i can feel all the power of the songs with every play on, great voice, sadness and passion, simply amazing. Sam Smith knows how give us all the feeling that he wants to us. its just perfect",0,1,"Dec 29, 2014"
4,"Posee una gran voz; pero la desaprovecha cumpliendo las funciones de cmo ser un artista pop de taquilla. Y aunque en 'Money on my Mind' l trata de contarnos cmo es que en realidad slo hace msica por el gusto de hacerla, entonces por qu no dedica su gran voz a realizar canciones con un contenido lrico ms enriquecedor y con ms potencial, en vez de irse al lado popero para no ser recordado despus de un par de dcadas. Es un lbum digno de escuchar si quieres or una excelente voz; pero si gustas de las tpicas tragedias amorosas y/o romnticas, este es tu lbum.",0,1,"Jan 11, 2015"
10,"Sam Smith I will say is simply amazing his songs are so amazing that I wonder if its still music or something else,Like Seriously I 've never seen anything like in the lonely hour in my whole life.
He's a phenomenon.Surely an influence.",0,1,"Jan 14, 2015"
6,"This album has great lyrics but I feel that it's just like every other album. Nothing surprising it's all about heartbreak.... Even though this of them has great number one song favorite is stay with me
OVERALL GRADE 78 C+
Album feels old",0,1,"Mar 15, 2015"
3,"I just can't believe this album earned Grammys, it's totally not good. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,",0,1,"Jun 10, 2015"
7,"Whilst the album has some very good tracks, many of them sound very similar and lack quality lyrics. My favorite track was Like I Can, however it was very different from the other songs, and Life Support had the same problem. Smith's vocals dominate just about all the songs, and the instrumental parts sound like they are just there to fill in the spaces, and some of the songs lack much depth and richness. However, it was a very good effort for a debut album, and I look forward to his work in the future. Worth a listen.",0,1,"Aug  5, 2015"
8,"Msica  feita para mexer com os sentimentos do ser humano. Quais sentimentos so esses? Isso tudo depende, principalmente, de quem ouve e qual o seu estado de esprito que se encontra. Por isso, sempre  necessrio deixar a guarda abaixada para ouvir uma cano e deixar se levar pelas emoes expostas pelos artistas. Infelizmente, no atual mundo cada vez mais cnico em que vivemos, estamos sendo transformados em cabeas pensantes destitudas de emoo em razo da massificao que transformam pessoas em seres 'brancos' para se misturem perfeitamente na multido. Uma das 'raas' que mais sofrem desse mal so os 'crticos': aqueles serem que servem para julgar o trabalho dos outros. Em busca da aceitao pelas cabeas pensantes, muitos esquecem que a msica (a arte de uma maneira geral)  feita de emoo e, no, apenas, de razo. Por isso, seus julgamentos esto cada vez mais pautados em detalhes to elitizados que o fator emoo se perde. Uma lstima abominvel.
Vocs leram essa introduo/desabafo to grande para que eu possa explicar o que direciona o meu 'trabalho' aqui e no blog: emoo. Claro, tambm preciso dar espao para a razo, mas no  ela que est no comando no 'frigir dos ovos'. Ento, vocs podero notar que a critica que segue, provavelmente, deve ser bem distinta do que os 'conceituados' crticos vo achar sobre o debut lbum do ingls Sam Smith: In the Lonely Hour  um trabalho muito bom, pois  um trabalho emocionante.
Sam Smith no quer nada mais que apenas tirar um suspiro ou uma lgrima de quem ouvir sua msica. E isso no  problema nenhum j que ele consegue fazer com maestria. Aqui, Sam no est em busca de sentimentos refinados e complicados, mas, sim, ele busca tirar os sentimentos mais primrios e simples que um ser humano pode possuir. In the Lonely Hour  sobre coraes quebrados, amores frustrados e decepes devastadoras. Nada mais primrio que sofrer por amor. Nada mais simples que o amor, pois, em sua complexidade estrutural, ele  igual para todos os seres humanos na face da Terra. Porm, Sam no pretende elevar esses sentimentos aos pncaros da glria como fez a Adele em 21, mas, simplesmente, fazer voc apenas sentir essa dor 'agridoce' do amor. Como principal compositor, Sam entrega letras magistralmente delicadas, mas com uma emoo verdadeira e tocante. Desde os sentimentos mais platnicos at os mais melanclicos, In the Lonely Hour  uma viagem na mente de um jovem que coloca em msicas as suas experincias. Sincero e sensvel. Essas so as principais qualidades das composies, mesmo no sendo trabalhos geniais no que tange a construo, conseguem cumprir seu objetivo com o mximo de louvor. E nada muda o fato que Sam revelou que o lbum foi feito para uma paixo no correspondida dele por outro homem. Amor  amor.
Emoldurando todo esse turbilho de emoes, Sam Smith tambm se mostrar um cantor com um potencial imenso. Ningum melhor que o prprio autor das composies para interpret-las, ento, por isso, espere performances emocionantes e quase viscerais. Porm, Sam segue um caminho interessante ao entregar essas emoes de maneira contida, intimista e delicada deixando as canes mais leves sem cair no dramalho desnecessrio. Com ajuda de seu belssimo tom, Sam entrega momentos inspirados como, por exemplo, em Lay Me Down, aqui em uma verso diferente do que foi lanada como single, em que a produo, aliada com os vocais magnficos de Sam, criam um trabalho impressionante trabalhando com as nuances e um clmax de tirar o flego. Infelizmente, nem tudo so elogios para In the Lonely Hour. O lbum  basicamente um trabalho pop com inspirao soul em que a produo faz um trabalho correto e bem, mas careta em sua sonoridade, sem apresentar nada de novo ou mais ousado. Ao menos, a produo acerta o tom das faixas ajudando positivamente o resultado final. Outros momentos de destaque, alm do j citado, do lbum so Stay With Me, Leave Your Lover, Not In That Way e Make It To Me. O que eu no entendi  a cano Money On My Mind, a grande bola fora do CD. Contudo, o que importa aqui  que Sam Smith fez um lbum para ser ouvido de corao aberto. E que bom que tem ainda pessoas capazes de produzir esse tipo de trabalho sem se importar com as opinies de crticos. Inclusive essa, que nada mais  que apenas mais uma opinio. Honesta, mas apenas mais uma.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
2,"Simply put not worth spending your money on Sam Smith's voice is good that is about it nothing else it interesting there are many 'hits' on this such as Lay Me Down, which was average. Stay with Me again average. And the number one Money on My Mind which is god awful especially the chorus I never want to listen to it again.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
9,"An album as good as Adele's 21, although he sins a little instrumentation which makes very clear in some songs. Hear the album 3 times then to able to enjoy a bit of everything, and arrived at the conclusion that yes, it could have been a flawless album, but it seems that it was all done hastily (but
we know that not). However, the instrumentation is not bad. You can travel on letters and forget everything. Lyrically yes, the album climbs fairly on the thermometer. The album can not be all that - one 21 by Adele - but it is an album of Sam, and he is very good at it. He can grow more and more, and can make a better future album. We know he can!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2014"
3,"Sam Smith has the kind of voice that the mainstream audience loves now. Add some useless pop songs with some highlights here and there, some prizes to elevate its public image and the product is ready to sell records and live shows tickets.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
6,"In the Lonely Hour undoubtedly is not worthy of four Grammy awards, but that does not mean that is drawn according as bad record.
The album begins with the disappointing confused Money On My Mind. And from there becomes reasonable, no more than that, diving into ballads with a touch of soul and making a sort of male version of Adele in 'Like i can.'
The vocals of Sam, although they are based on female vocals, still manage to bring some excitement to the album.
Nothing more than a confused record, and far short of expectations for someone with talent like Sam.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2015"
9,"The album is great! Sam Smith pleased everyone with the passion he shows when he sings. Everyone can relate to his songs. He has a wonderful voice and he's using it right! Obviously it is one of the best albums from 2014.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2015"
9,"This is definetly one of the best albums of 2014. Sam has a giant talent, and in this album he explores his high notes, his composition skills, and everything worked in a brilliant way. Sadly, Smith couldn't beat Beck on Album of the Year on the Grammys for one particular reason: the album had a promotion too much embased on his sexuality, and this DEFINETLY standed for the mixed and negative scores from journals, newspapers and music blogs.
Smith was competing with Meghan Trainor and Iggy Azalea on the ''new artist'' space on 2014, and, of course, he used a lot of strategies to excel from them, like the break-up with the model he was dating, for example. Even though his biggest hit didn't peaked at #1(Stay With Me)
Sam has an undoubted talent, and together with Swift and Haim, he made 2014 one of the best years for pop culture.
HIGHLIGHTS: Good Thing, Stay With Me, Leave Your Lover, I'm Not The Only One, I've Told You Now, Life Support, Not In That Way, Lay Me Down
(You will go far, male Adele)",0,0,"Jun 12, 2016"
9,"Vocal masterpiece. All the reasons why I fell in love with R&B. Disconsolate yet it makes you understand a new level of pain which is uplifting. Perfect use of falsetto. The album is coherent and follows a story about rejection and becoming okay with it.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
4,"People need to stop blowing smoke up Sam Smith's arse. Generic name, generic, derivative music and generic clichd lyrics, and people are acting like he's the next Michael Jackson or something. His voice is annoying and at times sounds like a dolphin being strangled. Other than that there isn't anything offensively bad about his music, but it does absolutely nothing to challenge or surprise the listener.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
6,"New Eyes is a solid debut from a promising newcomer in house music, featuring mostly agreeable tracks (Rather Be and Heart on Fire are probably the best on the album), though the classical-cum-electronic sounds get boring after a while and the songs are hard to differentiate.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2014"
7,"New Eyes is a pretty album, dancing hits with classical influences. Rather Be is intense but it has defects and 'Extraordinary' is predictable. At least, it can be a option to listen when there isn't anything better.",1,1,"Sep  3, 2014"
5,"The two big singles (Rather Be and Extraordinary) are standouts but the album is left down by video game sounds in place of what is promised, weak autotuned singers and silly lyrics.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2014"
3,"I don't know about J.Lo's new album and it's kinda sending the wrong message whether it's the same old dance songs or just not enough flavor to bring back her roots as a phenomenal singer in her early days at her signature record company, Epic Records. A.K.A just finally put the nail in the coffin as one of the worst albums of 2014. I listened to the album and it wasn't that even close to greatness. The song choices were disappointing, the artwork is horrible, her new album may be compared to Mariah Carey's ill-fated flop 'Glitter' along with its crappy soundtrack. Look, some of these great artists haven't even get a chance. Britney Spears 'Britney Jean,' 50 Cent 'Animal Ambition,' Will.I.Am's '#Willpower' all have failed. People have been getting old with their success as their albums begin to dwindle on the charts and everything is looking for some new and upcoming acts to follow. Lopez way past her prime but A.K.A should be the end of her music career",2,2,"Jun 26, 2014"
4,"Amiga, no tem como te defender, em ''A.K.A.'' voc comea dizendo que  no  a mesma garota e termina em ''Same Girl'' dizendo que sempre foi a mesma.  A primeira faixa do lbum, conta com o rap morno e totalmente sem graa do T.I., passamos pra ''First Love'' que consegue mesmo que boring, ser melhor que a primeira faixa, talvez por ser uma faixa melhor produzida, but com uma letra totalmente whatever sobre um boy que ela conheceu e acreditava que se tivesse conhecido antes, no teria perdido tanto tempo. em ''Never Satisfied'', JLo acaba contando que no dorme a noite porque tem um grande apetite, ou seja, tirem o frigobar do quarto dela!
''I Luh Ya Papi'' faz valer a pena dentro do lbum, e JLo que j fez excelentes msicas para as pistas como ''On The Floor'' e ''Waiting For Tonight'', consegue com ''ILYP'' nos dar um nimo pra continuar ouvindo esse lbum e fazendo um dos melhores singles lanados em 2014.
A boa sensao de ''I Luh Ya Papi''  deixada pra trs logo quando batemos de frente com as totalmente esquecveis ''Acting Like That'', que talvez consegue ser um pouco mais interessante por trazer Iggy Azalea, ''So Good'' e ''Emotions'', a ltima talvez chamando ateno pelo fraco lirismo assinado pelo Chris Brown, sem nenhuma emoo alm do ttulo da msica, a faixa soa totalmente fake e sem graa.
''Let It Be Mine'' vem com uma vibe totalmente latina e consegue ser boa, ponto pra JLo! Talvez no fim ela at consiga manter uma certa regularidade com ''Worry No More'', ''Tens'' e ''Troubeaux'', mesmo que sendo totalmente sem criatividade, quando nos deparamos com uma faixa chamada ''Booty'' e com um rap do Pitbull que s consegue ser mais previsvel do que uma colaborao de ambos.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2014"
2,"J.Lo edhe nj her nuk arrin t bj nj album mbreslnse pr kritikt apo tifozve , me prjashtim t perl ' Dashuria e par ' Un nuk do t gjeni asgj t mir duke filluar nga baladat paarsyeshme dhe boatloads e artistve duke shfaqur me mezi ndonj rrjedhs t mbaj ato me . Jenny , un mendoj se kjo sht koha juaj pr t ln industrin e muziks pr t mir ! 2/10 :(",1,1,"Aug 29, 2014"
6,"Jlo for me is more of a singles artist, you like all the singles they release but the album themselves are sometimes just meh. A.K.A. changes that, although I only enjoy half of the album, the songs that I enjoy are great songs. The problem with this album is there are some amazing songs but also some really crappy songs. Lopez has stepped up her game somewhat.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2014"
0,"Que lbum horrvel ainda bem que no hitou, msicas horrveis Sorry Jennifer voc ja foi melhor pior lbum e ainda tem gente que diz que ela  melhor que a Shakira que tem todas notas verdes",1,1,"Feb  2, 2015"
5,"Track by track review:
1. A.K.A. 9.5/10
2. First Love 10/10
3. Never Satisfied 7/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 0.5/10
5. Acting Like That 1.5/10
6. Emotions 5.5/10
7. So Good 9.5/10
8. Let It Be Me 0.5/10
9. Worry No More (feat. Rick Ross) 10/10
10. Booty (feat. Pitbull) 2/10
Highlight: First Love
Potential singles: First Love, Booty, A.K.A.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2015"
3,"A.K.A
A.K.A (4/10)
First Love (8/10)
Never Satisfied (4/10)
I Luh Ya Papi (2/10)
Acting Like That (1/10)
Emotions (6/10)
So Good (2/10)
Let It Be Me (7/10)
Worry No More (1/10)
Booty (1/10)
um lbum descartvel, composies podres a nica coisa que demonstra um pouco de interesse nesse lbum so alguns instrumentais",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
0,"Simplesmente o pior lbum de sua carreira, Jennifer parece que perdeu o gosto da msica e ta se jogando muito as farofadas e isso t prejudicando muito sua carreira",1,1,"May 24, 2016"
10,"I was sceptical about this release but it blew my mind and i have had it on repeat since i first purchased it! Dope album with monster hits! well done Jlo !",6,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"There's nothing I can say that can translate how good this album is. Just listen to it. Give it a chance. My favorites are Never Satisfied, Let It Be Me, I Luh Ya Papi, Booty, A.K.A. and Expertease.",4,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Can we all just get over ourselves and just stop bashing JLO. Acknowledge the fact that this is her best album ever since 'This is me....Then'. I mean sure the lyrics aren't her all-time best and her voice is quite auto-tuned, but I am so satisfied with her return to the R&B she was known for. The songs are so catchy and so much better than the ones from 'Love?'. This album is probably the summer album I was waiting for all along; something I can blast in my car with all the windows down. The problem with JLO's music and music in general is the fact that people let the actions of the musician influence their opinion greatly. Music is music and although the person making it aims to define herself/himself in a particular way, you shouldn't let that get in the way of how you perceive and enjoy the music. JLO has created something fun and  immensely entertaining, and that's what music should be about. This is an epic album.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"After the EDM experience with 'LOVE?' album, Jennifer Lopez returns to her urban roots on 'A.K.A.'.  Differently of her previous studio work, 'A.K.A.' presents a mature Lopez in a sophisticated and modern sound. Despite songs as 'Emotions' and 'Never Satisfed', that would fit better in a deluxe edition of the album, 'A.K.A.' has all the necessary elements to please her fans and public. The titled track opens the record in a infectious beat while Lopez sings followed by T.I.s verse, showing a Jenny from the Block who fans and people wanted back. The record also represents great and well produced R&B jams as'Acting Like That' and 'Worry no More', along with summer-ish pop pleasures as 'So Good' and 'Expertease'. The highlighs are due to 'Let It Be Me', a kind of spanish guitar and latin influenced ballad with a beautiful melodie and vocals never explored before from Lopez; 'Troubeaux', a track which reminds the great hip hop classics from 90s full of quality and a great old sample behind it; and 'TENS',  where a totally difrferent J-Lo offers a gay-oriented club banger and promising dance hit. On her 10th album, Lopez definitely joins a bit of all her past works, in a surprising pleasant music journey.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Her most  Inspirational album since the best one this is me ... then.  I'm bowing down to the most inspiring, hardworking and accomplished women i know. its a masterpiece in this trashy pop industry.",10,13,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is the most pleasant musical surprise i had all year!
Lopez after serving dance anthems like 'On the floor' and 'Dance again' returns with an album that dares to risk but also keep every element that made JLo successful in the first place! First of all it's an All-Stars effort and it shows! With producers like Detail, DJMustard, Max martin, Roccstar, Diplo, Harmony etc and featuring artists like T.I. , Iggy Azalea, Rick Ross, Nas and Ptibull the album just 'screams' quality! Even Sia penned the excellent 'Expertease'! It is a mix of RnB / Hip Hop and Pop elements but very cohesive as a whole and with great flow.
The opening track is 'A.K.A.' where she declares how she can be many things and she closes the album (the deluxe version) with 'Same Girl' in which she says that despite all this she is still the same girl. It just comes full circle in a way and it shows. From hard RnB tracks like 'Worry no more' and 'Acting like that' to pop masterpieces like 'First Love' and 'Expertease' and from timeless ballads like 'Let it be me' and 'Never Satisfied' to uptempo bangers like 'Booty' and 'Tens' Lopez shows real artistic growth and will for experimenting!
Personal highlights:
- Booty (a monster urban club banger!)
- Let it be me (a gorgeous stripped down ballad)
- First love (a Max Martin pop masterpiece)
- Acting like that (the hardcore Iggy duet)
- So good (the best feel good production i've heard in a while)",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is great, she proves that she can sing, and she has talent, I class in the Top 3 of my favorite albums of JLo. I love it ! ''Let It Be Me'' is amazing, her voice is very beautiful, it's an album for all tastes.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. Every song has something that keeps you wanting play it more and more. Album has so many genres so everyone can find something for himself. Lyrically she did a great job!",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"great urban album, with unfluences of all her albums. a very personal and mature record, with emotionals and sexy moments. maybe her best album. buy it now! you won't be disappointed",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album so far. The album has a genuine Urban sound mixed with pop and well used synths. JLo delivers beats over beats in an album that you will probably not skip one single song.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is probably her best album to date. Every track is solid and it has great consistency all the way through. Applaud to JLo for making an album I can listen to all the way from beginning to end!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,": Flawless production. It's one of these songs that you really want to play it again and again. I find T.I.'s verse a little bit boring! First Love: Still love this, but I feel like it loses the shine in all these R&B masterpieces. Never Satisfied: Amazing song, but I still love live version better with lower tone! I Luh Ya Papi: I luh this song. Acting Like That: I **** love the lyrics of this song. Sick production and the idea for Iggy involving was really brilliant! Emotions: I think it's one of the best song of this album. Maybe her vocals sound too weak but I'm in love with the melody of the song. I closed my eyes when it started. The bridge is just A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! So Good: And, yas! Jenny from the block is here. I feel like J.Lo of 'This Is Me... Then' is back! It's SO GOOD! Let It Be Me: 'Brave', 'Como Ama una Mujer' and 'Rebirth' to a song. It would be easily one J.Lo classic song. I'm really slayed with the lyrics! Oh, my... this song is incredible! Her vocals >>> Worry No More: Perfect production. No need to say anything else. I just wanted a great bridge to be perfect! Booty: One of the catchiest songs from throughout her career. It can be her next 'On the Floor'. Tens: Work, **** Slayage. Icon. Pure perfection. AMAZING, SICK SONG! Troubeaux: It gives me 'Problem' teas and some sound of 80's/90's! The lyrics of Nas' part are just out of this world. haha Expertease: I love Sia's work for this song! For some reason I find this GREAT. Same Girl: Wait, they really butchered this. French's part needed a new production. Plus his backing vocals are too annoying. It sounded great at concerts. Finally, it would be great if they kept the solo version.",3,4,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"Jennifer Lopez never disappoints. And definitely lives up to being an Icon which was the award she won at the Billboards. This album is a must have. And EXTREMELY UNDERRATED. Don't listen to these reviews you will love it!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Really good album! It will please all the fans from JLo. The urban lovers have A.K.A., Acting Like That and a good old school track 'So Good' which is the perfect genre for JLo. She doesn't forget her dance fans with the infectious party anthem BOOTY which has to be a hit this summer! I really like First Love and Expertease which are great pop tracks with a good production. TENS is a stand out track because it's very different, I like it a lot! This album is clearly a grower and you need to listen it a lot to like the work JLo put into!",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"her best album yet!!!! its so good and you can really feel she put herself really into it,it has beautiful ballads,r&b songs and more! its just a masterpiece",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"In Jennifer Lopez 8th studio you will listen everything that made the Latina superstar become a music sensation 15 years ago. Jennifer Lopez delivers effortless pop songs and Hip Hop influenced tracks with heavy production that shows perfectly the album itself - it's a heavy album, with club bangers, sometimes it sounds aggressive, but it pleases and touches deeply in ballads such as 'Let It Be Me'.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album suprised me so much. Jennifer went back to her urban roots but managed to still satisfy anyone's taste, whether it is pop, latin, hip hop, dance, r'n'b, it's a masterpiece that conatins an amazing mix of all these music types. Qhoever loved the hit 'ont he floor' will love 'booty'. What I like about the album the most that songs like booty or tens are made with humor. don't be so serious, let's have fun and just dance. on the other hand, ballads like emotions or let it be me gets you goosies and makes you even tear up. I love this album, it's not just a must have for the J.o Fancollection, but also a must have for everyone to know about the tough grown up Jennifer.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I was very sceptical before I listened to this album. I distanced myself from Jennifer Lopez due to her music becoming bad. By bad I mean too EDM. Secondly her personal 'love' life.
But finally she let go of all the bad things that made her bad. Jennifer Lopez is back. She is indeed the same girl she used to be at the beginning (JLo, This is me... then, Rebirth). Her music is better than ever. This album proves that Jennifer Lopez has good taste when it comes to collaborations and that R&B and Hip Hop is the perfect genre for this Latina. Only from listening to the tracks on this album you can see her moving and dancing in her very own unique style. It's just this whole JLO persona that shines through with this album.",7,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her Masterpiece. There are so many great songs in this album, beautiful ballad (Let It Be Me), super catchy dance track (Booty). One of my favorite album of the year.",6,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
8,"Her best one since 'This is me.. then'. More RnB and less EDM. The only awfull song features Pitbull (surprise...). Good songs: A.K.A, First Love and Acting like that (feat. Iggy Azalea)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best albums J.Lo has released. It has some great production and it's kind of a throwback to her old R&B/urban sound. She did a great job. I'm crying with 'Let It Be Me', this is so beautiful.",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I've been a big fan of Jen's for years now and this has become my favorite album out of them all! I love mostly every track, they're all so diverse from ballads like the amazing 'Let It Be Me' to up-tempos like 'Booty'! Don't listen to the haters, Jen is the hardest working entertainer in the business and deserves more acclaim! I'm sure there is a little bit of everything for everyone! The only song I dislike is Worry No More, everything else is so unique! :)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"I never wanted to give this album a zero. While listening to the record, I was waiting for that moment where one -Just ONE- impressive song would come up and explode and make me like the album.. But unfortunately that moment never came. Since when does T.I. outshine anybody with his sucking rap? Well he surely outshines JLo on the title track. Since when does Lopez reach out for fillers like Rick Ross or French Montana to make songs with them? Why isn't 'Booty' nearly as half as good as the Pitbull-assisted 'On The Floor' or 'Live It Up'? This album feels so rushed and irritating. Sorry JLo, this whole record is a miss. A big one. 0. NOTHING.",2,3,"Jul 19, 2014"
10,"It is a good album, definitely better than Love?. She went back to urban and that exactly what I have wanted for years.
My favorite are: First Love, Acting Like That, So Good, Let It be Me, Emotions, Booty, Tens, Worry No More",2,3,"Jun 19, 2014"
0,"Her worst album, without a doubt, I would give a 3 stars for the best music (I Luh Ya Papi?).
The rappers are bad, the songs doesn't take advantage of J. Lo great voice.
The beats and lyrics are uninspired, even songs like Booty and Ten, which are supposed to be dancing, gets boring when it comes to the chorus.
Anyone who gives this a 10 score is just overrating it.",2,3,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"Oh God I can't believe this is jlo!!!!! I'm not a big fan of her music but one of my best friends is. She gifted me this album and I was shocked,really. She has improved a lot. I still can't believe she can deliver such a great track as LET IT BE ME. her voice is just amazing on that track. And this album is the one that you just need two time to listen and then most of the songs grow on you. She has a track called EMOTIONS that when I first listen to it I was like no wth is this?! But on second attempt ITS NOW MY FAVE TRACK. all in all I equal this as rihanna's RATED R . Really great and mature.",5,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"A.K.A. is Jennifer's most solid work since This Is Me...Then released back in 2002. This album marks Lopez's return to her R&B, soul, hip-hop roots with a little bit of pop. Great melodies, exquisite production from Roccstar, Detail and her long time producer Cory Rooney. A.K.A. is a perfect blend of TIM...T and Rebirth. Album flows smoothly, starting from the title track, an R&B/hip-hop smash and ending with classic JLo sound on 'Same Girl' feat. guest star French Montana. Beautiful ballads like 'Emotions' and 'Let It Be Me' show Lopez's voice at its best. The album most controversial track because of its title 'Booty' can a a hot summer smash if released.",6,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album yet; has great songs like Expertease, A.K.A., Let It Be Mine and others. You can feel JLo's musically grown. This is great album.",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"The best album of 2014 and her best from her whole discography!! It really can make a person fan of hers.
MUST LISTEN:
Acting Like That (Feat. Iggy Azalea)
So Good
Let It Be Me
Booty",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"JLo is reinventing herself constantly and when you think she's not in a place to push herself further she releases this amazing album. She has finally stepped out her comfort zone of bubble gum pop songs. Songs like Booty or Worry No More or Acting Like That just show off what she can do that you didn't know you were even expecting. Highly recommended.",4,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Honestly, I was very surprised when I heard the snippets on iTunes. I expected another dance, EDM, RedOne cheezy produced album, but after downloading it I was even more surprised. The production is amazing, sounds expensive, beats go hard, melodies and lyrics are stunning (minus Emotions and I Luh Ya Papi). Jennifer vocals improved a lot, and she proves it in a Grammy worthy ballad Let It Be Me. This is an old school JLo (Rebirth, This is me then) with a modern twist, more agressive attitude and so much emotion. Welcome back, Jenny, we missed you!",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Jennifer Lopez has done it all. From Dancing to Movies, To fashioning and Music. After 15 years of music, Lopez delivers her most complex and interesting album to date. Although the album will no please new listeners, it's clearly an accomplishment for JLo standards and will definitely receive heavy rotation on her fans music players.
The album has a nostalgic feel and a few jams: Songs that on purpose reminisce her old hits.
The biggest highlight on the album is the Diplo
Assisted track 'Booty', with an infamous beat that will take days to get out of your head.",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
6,"A.K.A. Es el septimo album de Jennifer Lopez,el cual tiene puntos fuertes como  First Love (bombazo pop, producido por Max Martin) o So Good (cancion pegadiza que explora nuevos sonidos para JLo) y puntos bajos con canciones insignificantes como Worry No More o Acting Like That (junto con la talentosisima Iggy Azalea).",2,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"O lbum tem a melhor balada feita desde Can't Believe (This Is Me) j vale cada centavo que voc pagar. Jennifer fez um lbum que  literalmente sua cara. Destaques para Let It Be Me, A.K.A, e Booty",1,2,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"I love this album! I've always been a big JLO album and this album did not dissapoint. It's full of really fun songs and good ballads. I think it's one of the best releases this year and one of her best albums.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
7,"A few 'flop' moments however the overall album is quite good with the strong tracks overcoming the weak ones. Did dislike the remix of 'Same Girl'. The original track is better..",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Easily the best work from J.Lo since This Is Me... Then. THIS is what the fans want - Urban J.Lo is back. The only disappointment is Never Satisfied - the live version was way better, and Same Girl remix - French Montana totally ruined the song. But other flawless tracks make up for that.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Wow, this album is truly amazing and Jennifer really shows her artistic and vocal growth, i will never understand the hatred some have for this woman and by the looks of it reviewers didnt even listen to the album, in my opinion she is one of the most talented entertainers of our time. Highly recommend AKA, especially to the urban audience.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"A.K.A. no  um lbum ruim, mas tambm no  o mximo. Jennifer conseguiu fazer um album diferente dos seus anteriores, que tinham musicas somente feitas para vender. Mas mesmo assim, Jennifer erra em algumas msicas, como nas letras. Ainda assim  um album bom de se ouvir. As melhores so a faixa ttulo, Let It Be Me, balada com vocais muito bons de Jennifer, e Booty, surpreendentemente boa. No se esperava muita coisa por parte de Pirbull e Jlo!",1,2,"Sep  8, 2014"
0,"Jennifer Lopez's glory days are over. Her songs are getting lavish and her videos are getting boring also her career is failing and she should start investing her money cause her JLO act is about to die.",1,2,"Feb  5, 2015"
0,"If you enjoy visiting the dentist and the sensation of getting your head drilled into, then this is the album for you. Seriously, don't buy this album or any songs off of it. You will seriously regret it.",3,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
1,"Uninspired album. There's no real cohesion or sense to it. She used the same old formula that she used for JLO or and this is me then, the new twist, she had to include her knowledge in men, to make the gay community to buy her album. 'TENS' or  'I Luh You Puppy''.
Jennifer is not inventing anything, just serve a reheated old JLO stuff made at the 2000 and late sauce.
Good point it's not heavy CLUB PoP oriented. We can't say EDM cause she never really was an EDM artist.",5,15,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's so Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible this album.",2,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Great album! One of the bests from JLo. This time she gave us more urban/rnb songs, but still we have a bit of pop and dance. Production on this album is absolutely the best and Jen is out-singing herself in a beautiful ballad called Let It Be Me. Welcome back, JLo !",1,3,"Jun 18, 2014"
0,"Jennifer has not been the same since 2003.  Her songs are all odes to her previous work.  Nothing is new.  Well, except her actually trying to song.  Her voice is way too shrill to attempt any type of ballads.  I must say though.. you can always count on Jenny to hop on the latest bandwagon that's for sure!",3,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
3,"I tried to like her new album, but it was not what I thought. Ridiculous lyrics, melodies only helped hide the logic.
'I feel so good, 'cause i don't feel bad' WTF, we know you to be happy, but why write that ****
One thing also, the album has so many interests, nor does it seem the main artist of his own album.
To not give 0, I give this note.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's a trash,it's a sucks for it seems incredible partnerships on the album are better than herself.The lyrics of songs are entirely infant,none of the songs on this album have chances of being a hit.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"Is the worst album I've ever heard in this year,in this record jennifer lopez shows up insecure and who still needs to find a place in the music industry.Contrary to what people say she is not a diva.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Best album from J Lo! So many great club smashers, jenny from the block anthems, and slow love songs. Loved every single song! My reccomendations are Worry No More, A.K.A, I Luh Ya Papi, First Love, and Booty. Had a lot of fun with the album!",0,1,"Jul 13, 2014"
8,"I love that her album has eclectic mix of urban, R&B, Hip-Hop and Dance. This is her better album than 2011's 'Love?'. And her vocals are better although a bit weak at times but that's not a problem when the production's tight. Buy this album and you won't be disappointed...",0,1,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"Entender o motivo de a Jennifer Lopez ser uma das maiores celebridades na atualidade deve ser difcil para quem no acompanhou a carreira dela desde o comeo. Ainda mais complicado para quem a considera uma cantora e atriz, no mximo, mediana com pontos altos, baixos e alguns baixssimos em ambas as carreiras. Analisando friamente a trajetria de J.Lo se checa a concluso de que so trs os fatores para compreender o sucesso dela: carisma, 'tino' para os negcios e, o mais importante, a capacidade para ser uma verdadeira 'entertainment woman'.
Para quem j viu alguma entrevista ou at mesmo a atuao de Jennifer no American Idol saber que ela passa uma atmosfera extremamente brilhante esbanjando carisma capaz de transcender a cmera chegando ao pblico. Ajuda muito que aos 44 anos de idade, J.Lo ainda ser uma das celebridades mais belas da atualidade. Ao longo dos anos, a filha de porto-riquenhos construiu um verdadeiro imprio com a ajuda de bem sucedidas linhas de roupas, perfumes, uma produtora de filmes e sries e o endossamento de vrios outros produtos. Porm, o grande trunfo de J.Lo  ser uma das melhores performances que h no mercado. Vocs nem precisam gostar dela como cantora, mas tem que admitir que quando ela faz uma apresentao no h comparao para quase ningum. Danarina experiente (e como dana!), Jenny domina o palco de maneira poderosa e, vrias vezes, magistralmente deixando no chinelo todas as novas divas do pop. Ento, mesmo com o fracasso anunciado de seu novo lbum, vocs realmente acham que a Jennifer est assim to preocupada com o flop? E, olha, que A.K.A. nem  um trabalho to horrvel como esto falando por a.  apenas bem mediano.
Tentando restabelecer seu sucesso comercial e ao mesmo tempo voltar para suas razes mais hip hop e R&B, Jennifer Lopez conta a produo de alguns nomes que esto crescendo no meio como Youngblood e velhos conhecidos como Benny Mendina e Cory Rooney. Infelizmente, mesmo delimitando sua sonoridade, o resultado final de A.K.A.  uma coleo inconsistente e, em vrios momentos, fracos de canes que no ajudam a cantora a reerguer sua carreira. O problema no est na sonoridade, mas em como essas msicas so produzidas. Muitas faixas aqui (e olha que o lbum s tem 14 msicas em sua verso deluxe) parecem estar apenas para encher o lbum enquanto as faixas boas no chegam ao ponto de serem realmente boas. Nunca conhecida pela qualidade das composies que canta, Jennifer Lopez est cercada novamente de letras de cunho questionvel e qualidade bem mediana, agravado pelo fato que em vrios momentos elas nem ao menos so comerciais como  o caso de Acting Like That em que  se perde a oportunidade de usar a artista do momento (a rapper Iggy Azalea) para fazer um possvel hit, mas que acaba como uma cano fraqussima e bem sem graa. O mais interessante, porm,  que o melhor quesito de A.K.A. so as performances de Jennifer. Sempre criticada como cantora, por causa da sua voz pequena, J.Lo mostra uma evoluo grande ao mostrar solidez e classe, principalmente, em momentos mais romnticos como  o caso da surpreendente boa Let It Be Me. O mais incrvel  notar que a melhor msica do lbum vem de outra parceria com o rapper Pitbull: a divertida Booty, a nica com potencial verdadeiro de ser um hit comercial. Outros bons momentos so o single First Love, a divertida I Luh Ya Papi e a danante Tens. Mesmo com o fracasso de A.K.A. no duvide da capacidade de reerguer-se e reinventar-se da Jennifer Lopez. Afinal, a msica  apenas um dos apndices de sua carreira.",0,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"It's great. Her vocals, songs, lyrics. Lyrics are written subtle.  It's mix of R&B, pop and hip-hop. The balance is great like always J.Lo does. Screw the critics. At least Billboard knows what to do. Best album of 2014.",0,2,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"Great songs, great lyrics, great vocals, great emotions, overall a great album with great music. i highly recommend this album to all of Jennifers fans and haters.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"not a fan but i do believe that this is one cohesive album that contains alot of lyrics that anyone can relate!! One of the albums that really shows how JLO has grown as an artist and a vocalist!!! the album is full of emotional ballads and pure RnB pop and club bangers!!! Buy the album it will not disappoint!! it flows easily throughout its entirety and you just flow with it!!!! amazing songs and electrifiying beats!!!! A.K.A Is amazing!!!! I am not a fan nor a stan of jennifer lopez but i might just become one!!!",0,1,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"I Love Jennifer Lopez, i love her upcoming album, she's a complete artist, and she loves her fans so much. She works for her fans, not for charts. I prefer JLo floping and continue giving attention to her fans, no putting albums and singles on #1 ever, and forgetting the importance that fans have for her. She need not criticize people or swear, singing indirect in music to succeed. She don't need Grammy, only her fortune worth any rough indication of Grammy.",0,1,"Jun 27, 2014"
9,"The negative reviews just seem to be people that don't like Jennifer Lopez at all, so they cannot fairly rate this CD when they are biased from the gate.  I am a big fan of Jennifer Lopez, but I can honestly say she has had bad CD's, for example Brave and This is me...Then.  They had a couple of hits, but the rest of the CD was *yawn*... boring.  However, I honestly like this new CD A.K.A.  A lot of these songs have got stuck in my head, they are that catchy.  There is variety, and the songs have Jennifer Lopez showing her vocal range.  There is one ridiculous song though that I skip right over, track 11, something about a runway, it is SO weird.  Everything else though, is awesome.  And people need to stop hating because she has to adjust her style to the latest trends, DUH, that is just common sense to keep up with trends.",0,1,"Aug  3, 2014"
8,"Pra min que no sou f nato da JLO, gostei bastante desse lbum, em comparao com os outros acho ele superior, porm ele tambm possudos msicas meio mais do mesmo.
As preferidas: Same Girl, Worry No Morre, Emotions
e So Good",0,1,"Mar 26, 2015"
2,"Es Bueno, pero no tiene calidad, los ritmos son sosos, muchas colaboraciones innecesarias, canciones aburridas, y ademas un fracaso comercial... Hay JLo Hay que mejorar",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
7,"I have to say J.LO really surprised me with this album. It has A good beat and it is very well Produced. The vocals may be not the best but still a great album. I am very disappointed that this album did not do well with the charts or sales. I recommend people to listen to this album especially if they like Pop/R&B Songs
My score:
1. A.K.A. 8/10
2.First Love 9/10
3. Never Satisfied 6/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 5/10
5. Acting Like That 5/10
6. Emotions 7/10
7. So Good 7/10
8. Let It Be Me 8/10
9. Worry No More  7/10
10. Booty 7/10
11. Tens 8/10
12. Troubeaux 7/10
13. Expertease (Ready set go) 8/10
14. Same girl 7/10
overall:70.7",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"This is Mariah's best effort since Butterfly. I think this album has more feeling than TEOM, it's deeper and more personal, the lyrics are more mature and intelligent. This album can be classified as one of the masterpieces such as Daydream, Butterfly and The Emancipation Of Mimi. My personal favorite songs are Make It Look Good, You Don't Know What To Do, Cry, Camouflage, #Beautiful, Meteorite, The Art Of Letting Go, Dedicated and Faded (basically the whole album lol). All of these songs have such amazing lyrics and melodies, Mariah and the producers really did a fine job, most of them are feel good tracks that everybody can relate to and enjoy.",2,2,"Jun 15, 2014"
10,"This is definitely Mariah's strongest work since The Emancipation Of Mimi. The album has some great R&B and pop vibes that just ooze single potential. Me. I Am Mariah had the potential to be a huge commercial success but the wrong singles were chosen. For example, The Art Of Letting Go is a beautiful song but was just not a good single choice. Songs such as You Don't Know What To Do, Thirsty and Faded were snubbed. Definitely give the album a go as it's one of her most solid to date!",1,1,"Mar  9, 2016"
7,"Great improvement form her past album MOAIA. This is the R&B that we are used to listen from her, very good lyrics with outstanding vocals. I am not giving this a 10 because there is no evolution, she keeps doing the same style without a more modern kind of R&B and Pop. The best songs that I can recommend are Supernatural, Meteorite, You Don't Know What To Do, Dedicated, Make It Look Good and the first single, #Beautiful.",6,7,"May 27, 2014"
10,"I was not expecting such a good CD. Mariah usually comes with good material, but this time she delivered one of her best works ever. With the exception of 'You're Mine', the album is cohesive and fresh. The collaboration with Nas, 'Dedicated', is definitely a highlight. Also, her cover of George Michael's 'One More Try' is a standout track. Can't picture myself not listening to this CD for a while.",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"this is incredible. the album's two unabashedly uptempo ditties are also the forums for Mariah's most serious-minded performances, galaxies away from 'loving you long time.' 'You Don't Know What to Do' is a stunning tribute to the soul-shouting piano gospel of Jocelyn Brown's 'Somebody Else's Guy,' with swirling disco swings turning Mariah herself into the calm, confident eye of a disco hurricane.",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Wow. What an album. Mariah is back and the album is pure Mariah. Amazing vocals, amazing use of  featured guests and amazing  production. Stand out tracks : Faded,  you're Mine, meteorite,  beautiful, you don't know what to do, thirsty, heavenly to name a few. This album reiterates why Mariah is the top selling and most successful female artist of all time. A+",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Back in true form! Mariah is singing like she has not sung since 'Butterfly' This album is very reminiscent of that album and I am so excited to listen to this album over and over.
Stand Out Tracks: Meteorite, Thirsty",7,9,"May 27, 2014"
9,"Nostalgia plays a huge theme in Mariah Careys 14th studio album Me. I Am Mariah.. The Elusive Chanteuse. Conclusively, an album that perfectly embodies her musicality and artistry that doesnt feel slightly trendy yet aptly timeless. When the pop landscape has been nothing but fickle and unforgiving, Mariah finally let go of chasing the trend and fully realized how musically shes trailblazed and paved the way for a lot of what the genre has become and even inspired the female front runners of this current era.
Starting the album with a ballad that seemingly would fit right from her debut album back in 1990; Cry. sets the mood and the trip to nostalgia carry on for the next several tracks: Faded, Supernatural & Dedicated are midtempo jams that couldve find its way in her more current releases- E=MC2 or Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel. In addition, anyone who is familiar with her more complex work would be glad to find a piece of Butterfly in the 90s house-inspired Meteorite. And staying true to its theme, the Stevie Wonder surprise cameo Make It Look Good, we find Mariah relentlessly reminding us that no one can beat her in her own game.
Whether trying to subtly reference her previous work or not, Chanteuse perfectly and meticulously fuses the classic and the current effortlessly. Taking a hint from last years #Beautiful, throwback summer anthem has never been guilt-free in You Dont Know What To Do. And predictably, a Mariah Carey album wont be complete without a classic cover but this time she ante up several notches above with a George Michael classic One More Try where her vocal pyrotechnics are on full display. Moreover, the main highlight of Chanteuse is where Carey gets to shine both vocally and lyrically, in tracks like Camouflage and Heavenly, shes no longer taking the punches and instead, comes undone that both feels hauntingly beautiful and inspiring all at the same time. Me. I Am Mariah might have signaled some serious signs of narcissism but in all actuality, its just a body of work of a superstar who has confidently fully realized her place in pop music history, where only a few gets to pioneer and revolutionize.",6,8,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Aps 5 anos reclusa, Mariah nos traz um lbum muito bem trabalhado e maduro, todo o tempo em que Mariah ficou-se a experimentar e testar o gosto dos fs e do seu pblico serviu e muito para que ela desde ''Triumphant'', msica pouco ousada e diferente dos seus trabalhos anteriores, voltasse e comeasse do zero a refazer esse disco que pelos fs tinha outro nome,''The Art of Letting Go''.
Mariah acertou em cheio apostando em ''#Beautiful'', que divide os vocais com Miguel e a faixa acabou se tornando o hit do vero de 2013, uma faixa que soa contempornea e tambm retr. ''Cry.''  uma balada bem construda e um comeo excelente e calmo para o disco, ''Faded'' traz o melhor de ''Don't Forget About Us'' e ''We Belong Together'', com produo de Make Will Made It (''Body Party'', ''Kisses Down Low'', ''We Can't Stop''). Outros destaques so ''Supernatural'' onde a Mariah divide os vocais com seus filhos, ''Meteorite'' que tambm  mais uma das faixas retr do disco e com uma pegada que j foi crescente em dcadas passadas. ''You Don't Know What to Do'' nos traz uma pegada disco/funk e uma sonoridade j conhecida em lbuns como ''Glitter (2001)'', a faixa passaria despercebida se no fosse cativante, tivesse uma participao bem empregada do rapper Wale, participaes infladas e desnecessrias que foram erros um pouco frequentes em sua trilha sonora de 2001 e em ''Triumphant'', onde Mariah parecia apenas a convidada. ''Make It Look Good'' traz uma gaita de Stevie Wonder e uma estrutura que consegue abater qualquer possvel monotonia da faixa e a deixa harmoniosa do comeo ao fim. ''You're Mine (Eternal)'' que  o single de divulgao do disco, dentro deste consegue ter mais liberdade e soar menos aucarada. ''Dedicated'' traz a participao de Nas e ''Money'' com Fabolous vem na misso de ser uma nova ''Honey''. ''One More Try'' que  um cover de George Michael, consegue ter imposta toda a personalidade musical de Mariah e ter uma interpretao muito melhor que sua prima mais prxima ''I Want To Know What Love Is'', cover do ''Memoirs of An Imperfect Angel'' (2009). O disco encerra com ''Heavenly'', uma faixa gospel e a nvel de suas anteriores, como ''Fly Like A Bird'' do premiado disco '''The Emancipation of Mimi'' (2005).
Em ''Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse'', Mariah nos d o melhor de seus 24 anos de carreira e mostra o porque de alm de ser uma das maiores vocalistas, tambm  uma grande pioneira entre os gneros de msica pop, r&b e hip-hop e nos traz um retorno mais do que convincente e o melhor trabalho mainstream de uma artista feminina at agora.",3,4,"Jun  4, 2014"
10,"Incredible. Her best since 'The Emancipation of Mimi'. This sounds like a totally throwback, it's pure R&B. 2 years waiting for this masterpiece, oh god, this worth it. Thank you Mimi.",3,4,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah made this personal album to show it is still alive and can be distinguished from all the other artists who work in the music scene. Opening the album with 'Cry' is destructive, could be a ballad like the others, but no. The music grows until the end, the vocals are perfect. Carey may not have the ravening young fanbase that Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and others have, but when it's time to get into the studio she can still deliver as long as her material is solid. Supernatural for many has become boring by the laughter of the children of the singer, but for me no one has ever made such a beautiful, true and lively song (yes, I gave a lot of laughs at the beginning and end of the song). Mariah will still make many wonderful albums in his career, and will show that not to appeal for charts, but the do good to his fans and admirers music. Quality not lacking in this album!",5,7,"May 27, 2014"
8,"The album sounds challenging as the person Mariah Carey, recognizing their place in ecosystem Pop, both implicit and explicit without mechanize her style for people buying a music lifeless.
This is not to say that Mariah is reductive and anti-commercial, however, Carey sought his artistic essence while subtly expanded its parameter as an artist even when just wanted to be herself and join all she has done before this album.
Simply amazing.",6,9,"Jan 22, 2015"
8,"No  novidade que Mariah Carey  impecvel quando se trata de poderio vocal. Neste lbum, mais uma vez, ela nos presenteia com um conjunto de canes que vo desde o clssico R&B  baladas acompanhadas de piano. A forma como as canes so interpretadas, somada a habilidade de sua exmia performer, o lbum se torna um destaque na discografia de Mimi. Recomendo: Cry, Faded, One More Try.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"One of her best albums ever. This album is a perfect balance of everything. Mariah has such a diverse fan base of all age and race. This album is for all of them. There are songs that are slower and have more soul like Cry and Dedicated and there are songs that are more upbeat like Thirsty and Money. And there are some very interesting and experimental tracks like Meteorite and #Beautiful. Standout tracks are #Beautiful, Dedicated, Thirsty, Money and Camouflage. Amazing album. The vocal is great as well! 10/10",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah is truly back to form. Gone are the gimmicks(except for thirsty), the catchy sounds for a quick hit. She's is really just doing what she does best, SINGING. Every song on this album has a meaning behind it and you can relate to the lyrics. Great album, great melodies and off cause great lyrics.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"This album is really everything us lambs have been asking for for the past 5 years. It's been a long wait, but it's been completely worth it. This is Mariah's best effort since her 1997 Butterfly album. I'm truly impressed, and very happy with the result.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"PANORAMA
definitivamente um dos melhores lbuns que ela fez nos ltimos tempos - eu diria comparvel  qualidade de Butterfly.
A maturidade e crescimento da artista MARIAH CAREY  impressionante nesse cd. Atravs deste lbum, ela deixou claro que ela no  apenas consciente do que est acontecendo musicalmente hoje em dia, mas ela tambm fez o que muitos artistas no conseguem fazer - ela olhou para trs e se permitiu ser inspirada, mesmo tendo quase 25 anos de carreira na industria da msica.
FAIXA-A-FAIXA
CRY.
Introduz o lbum com muita classe e com ar sombrio/melanclico/intimista.  uma superbalada rara para os dias de hoje, parecendo mais como uma 'prelude' da msica LOOKING IN, do maravilhoso cd DAYDREAM, de 1995. Cry. Apresenta as habilidades de uma verdadeira composista, e coloca uma melodia suavemente sinuosa e  refrescante ouvir essa faixa.
FADED
Faded  uma espcie de 'MSICA INTANGVEL'. A faixa pode parecer descartvel, mas quando ouvimos a prxima faixa DEDICATED, fica evidente o quo necessria e estratgica se torna a existncia de tal msica no cd e figurando na posio 2 da execuo do mesmo.
DEDICATED
Esta  uma faixa suave e lrica, com a participao de Nas.
# BEAUTIFUL
No h realmente nada que eu poderia dizer sobre esta faixa que j no tenha sido dito, mas vou repetir isso por uma questo de exaustividade. Apesar de #BONITA ter quase um ano de idade, essa msica parece no ter envelhecido em nada. Essas guitarras rumbling suaves evocam uma grande roadtrip americana e um ambiente aconchegante, refresh-out vero - exatamente o que precisamos agora.
THIRSTY
uma boa msica, com batidas marciais e nervosas, com pegada twerk. Esta cano  uma prova de sua capacidade de transformar qualquer batida em uma obra vocal - aquelas harmonias em todos os cantos e suas arrebatadoras vocalizes no final de cada frase do refro  uma habilidade rara, e 'nem todo mundo tem isso', convenhamos n.
MAKE IT LOOK GOOD
O incio desta cano soa como um filme-noir dos anos 40, soando como uma trilha sonora clssica.  como uma espcie de atualizao retr pros dias atuais; as letras divertidas e batida trazem um pouco de 'comdia musical'  mente de quem escuta essa msica.  um mashup interessante, e gaita (cortesia do Sr. Stevie Wonder) e o resultado  bastante diferente de tudo o que eu ouvi de Mariah.
YOU'RE MINE (ETERNAL)
compreensvel que Mariah poderia ter feito esta msica na esperana de que ela fosse capaz de recapturar a mgica de We Belong Together. Mas, honestamente, est faixa ficou um pouco artificial e desnecessria, s que no contexto do cd ela se encaixa.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO
Uma das melhores msicas do lbum e, definitivamente, uma de suas melhores canes up-temps de todos os tempos! A introduo  de estilo gospel, e depois descamba pra uma batida contagiante, nossa, ficou fenomenal. Wale realmente no soa confuso em tudo sobre o rap sobre esta verso de estdio do que na verso ao vivo do Today Show, ento isso  uma coisa boa que ele realmente tem uma voz muito agradvel para combinar a batida.
SUPERNATURAL
Se voc tem um fraco por crianas vai amar escutar os filhos da Mariah cantando em suaves batidas R&B/slow-jam, esta  a melodia preponderante. Isso  uma sobrecarga de fofura.
METEORITE
Essa msica poderia ter sido facilmente um sucesso no incio dos anos 90.
Uma msica estilo HOUSE pulsante. Juntamente com os acordes 'synth' e os vocais crescentes, esta  o mais prximo que temos de uma Mariah old-school Uptemp. E, provavelmente, poderia ter sido escrito por Madonna.
CAMOUFLAGE
Os efeitos do vento no comeo soam um pouco perturbadores no incio, mas depois vem os vocais e pianos que fazem essa msica brilhar. Com vocais e camadas de voz super produzidas, nos remetem  algumas msicas do Butterfly e Rainbow (Interlude Vulnerabilidade e Against All Odds - por exemplo).  uma faixa assombrosamente bela.
MONEY
Eu adoro quando Mariah faz essas faixas retroS porque a voz dela se encaixa com maestria. MONEY  comparvel  #BEAUTIFUL.  uma msica em parceria com Fabolous, e este est muito bem colocado na msica. Uma msica realmente 'atemporal'.
ONE MORE TRY
Neste ponto Mariah  uma veterana. A verso de Mariah de One More Try soa sem esforo ainda meticulosamente produzida.
HEAVENLY (NO WAYS TIRED / CAN 'T GIVE UP NOW)
Mariah no fez segredo de que sua espiritualidade  uma grande parte de sua vida, e essa msica  uma manifestao disso. Com um pequeno coro gospel e com uma sonoridade old-school e batida de funk 'lo-fi' agitada, deixou essa faixa muito bem produzida.",2,3,"Jun 14, 2014"
10,"One of her best albums of all career, proving that she can still do some great music. #Beautiful, Money, You Don't Know What You Do and Heavenly overtakes for complete her last two albuns and put her in another level that we didn't see since The Emancipation Of Mimi.",3,5,"May 27, 2014"
9,"Mariah Carey delivered her best album since The Emancipation of Mimi (2005). It opens in a very unusual way with a ballad led by a piano and a soulful tone, which reminds us of her 'Emotions' album (1991). Some of the gems are '#beautiful' (widly known and loved), 'You dont know what to do' (kind of disco', and probably my favorite because of how good and how different it is from Carey: 'Make it look good', which includes a cameo by Steve Wonder. Of course theres this epic gospel ending with 'Heavenly' and much more stuff. Cuteness and fresh sound in 'Supernatural', traditional hip hop 'Dedicated' and disco 'Meteorite'. Its an amazing body of work which grows the more you listen and discover. Thankfully, critics are saying the same. Congrats to Mariah.",2,4,"May 30, 2014"
10,"Mariah is back in top form on Me. I Am Mariah: The Elusive Chanteuse, her first 'REAL' exciting set since 2005's monster comeback The Emancipation of Mimi. Since then she's given us two offerings, 2008's E=Mc2 and 2009's Memoir's of An Imperfect Angel. Both albums suffered from desperation and trying too hard to live up to the greatness of the Emancipation album, that they both fell flat with re-hashed versions of the mega-hit We Belong Together, with only glimmers of the Mariah we fell back in love with while she was Emancipated.. But gone is the desperation, the gimmicks, the over saturated features and back is the organic, confidence that Emancipation gave us.
Me. I Am Mariah is the perfect showcase for Mariah at this stage in her career. Its mesmerising, melancholy, exciting but most of all its just simply GOOD GOOD music. From tracks like the explosive opening number 'Cry', 'Faded' a melancholy love anthem sure to be played all through to autumn, to throwback tracks like the ever fresh 'Beautiful', 'Make It Look Good' (where Stevie Wonders lends his harmonic skills), Explosive breakup anthem 'Thirsty', The hip hop celebrating nostalgic 'Dedicated' which is so delightful it will be replayed time and time again and the amazing 'You Don't Know What To Do' - where Mariah lives up to 'The Voice' slogan that she has been labelled with.. One of the albums best moments comes in the form of Meteorite, a blazing hot smooth club anthem, complete with jazzy saxophones and a delicious throwback vibe, which still remains typically Mariah. We even get an amazing George Michael cover, complete with a choir and once again those vocals and Dem babies - Mariah's twins even make an appearance on the gorgeously cute Supernatural.
Overall the album is an absolute must hear for any R&B music lover. Its cohesive, storytelling, focused and an inspirational feat, when just last year many where writing our Mimi off. She bounces back and proves she is still a force to be reckoned with.
SUPPORT MARIAH NOW AND PURCHASE THE ALBUM NOW!",2,4,"May 27, 2014"
7,"O dcimo quarto lbum da carreira da Mariah Carey  o seu retorno ao mundo da msica na sua melhor forma desde o seu ltimo retorno em 2005 com The Emancipation of Mimi. Porm, o novo trabalho no tem (aparentemente) nenhuma cano que se destaca que podemos dizer: 'Essa vai ser um imenso sucesso!'. S que Me. I Am Mariah  um lbum to coeso e slido como The Emancipation. O trabalho tambm no vai ser o arrasa quarteires em termos de vendagens como o retorno anterior. Todavia, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse mostra uma Mariah renovada sem perder a sua identidade original. Sendo assim, Mariah Carey entrega o seu melhor trabalho em anos com uma dignidade mpar.
Se no podemos esperar uma revoluo na sonoridade de MC, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse  um trabalho certeiro no que a cantora sabe fazer de melhor: R&B/pop com a sua personalidade incrustada do comeo ao fim. O que faz o CD ganhar pontos positivos, entretanto, alm do competente time de produtores que, liderados por Mariah, tem nomes como Hit-Boy, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox e Q-Tip,  o fato de mesmo respeitando o DNA de Carey foi possvel adicionar nuances novas em sua sonoridade. So nesses momentos que o lbum ganha vida de maneira inspiradora com o flerte com R&B mais moderninho e com o dance pop. No  por menos que vem dessas misturas os melhores momentos do lbum: o single #Beautiful ao lado do cantor Miguel e You Don't Know What To Do com o rapper Wale em que Mariah faz um excepcional dance com forte influncia de funk/disco music dos anos setenta. S que Mariah no seria Mariah sem entregar seus momentos que a fizeram quem . Com a produo fazendo um trabalho eficiente em quase todos os momentos, Me. I Am Mariah mostra que a cantora ainda  a diva que sempre foi, talvez menos potente, mas, com a fora emocional intacta. Logo de cara tem a boa balada pop/gospel Cry. Por falar em gospel, esse deve ser o trabalho mais orientando nessa direo: alm da cano j citada, tem ainda a legal Camouflage e Heavenly (No Ways Tired / Can't Give Up Now), gospel do comeo ao fim. Repito o que j foi escrito: Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse  um trabalho slido que traz o melhor da cantora a tona. Todavia, h certos momentos no to bons, ou melhor, momentos no to slidos. O pior deles  a regravao de One More Try do George Michael. tima msica que  transformada em uma arrastada faixa com influncia gospel. Outros momentos so: a bem intencionada, mas fraca Dedicated com o rapper Nas que pretende ser uma homenagem ao 'passado' s que no tem a fora que deveria ter e o confuso single You're Mine (Eternal) que parece perdido dentro do lbum.
Outro positivo  a atuao vocal de Mariah: mesmo sem nenhum momento grandiosamente inesquecvel, a cantora est contida em performances equilibradas e bem produzidas. Claro, ainda podemos ouvir os velhos (e as vezes, bons) maneirismos em vrios momentos que devem deixar fs da cantora com arrepios na espinha. O que no mudou e continua sendo uma coisa que ainda gera criticas so as composies vindas de MC. As faixas em Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse so escritas com cuidado e so trabalhos bons, mas que no avanam no esquema romntico gua com acar e/ou diva cantando com rapper. Uma deciso questionvel  colocar na verso deluxe duas canes de Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel apenas adicionando participaes especiais de nomes consagrados da msica. Enquanto a adio de Mary J. Blige melhora It's a Wrap, R.Kelly no faz justia a Betcha Gon' Know. Mesmo com essa escolha, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse tem outros momentos que compensam como a bonita 'parceria' com o casal de gmeos da cantora em Supernatural, a irnica e danante Meteorite e a The Art of Letting Go. Parafraseando Beyonc em Ghost: talvez Mariah Carey no v fazer dinheiro com Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse. Bem, o que importa  que Mariah entrou um trabalho com qualidade verdadeira. E isso  o que importa, no ?",1,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
9,"This album is simply amazing! I would say this is her 2nd best album overall (behind 1997's Butterfly). It combines originality, great vocals and production, and inspiring lyrics all in one CD. I also personally like the long, but clever title - though I do believe taking out 'Me. I Am Mariah...' and just naming it 'The Elusive Chanteuse' would've been better.
Anyways, the CD breaks away from her tradition lately of starting an album with an upbeat song (Emancipation - 'It's Like That', E=MC2 - 'Migrate', and Memoirs - 'Obsessed'). She instead begins with 'Cry.', a powerful ballad (which is what she did with her debut album using 'Vision of Love'). I'd rate the song a 10/10. A great opener and timeless at the same time. The next song 'Faded', to me, sounds like a leftover from her 'Memoirs' album - this isn't a bad thing because I actually loved that album and think it's underrated. Overall, I'd rate the song an 8/10. The next song 'Dedicated' has an infectious production. Though the lyrics are a little unoriginal in my opinion, it's still great - 9/10. '#Beautiful', the next song, was the perfect choice for a lead single. Mariah's and Miguel's voices blend together perfecting; the swearing is a little unnecessary though - 9.5/10.
'Thirsty' is the only song on the album I don't care for. It doesn't flow with the album and is too mainstream - 6/10. 'Make It Look Good' is perfect in all aspects. Who incorporates harmonicas in their music anymore? The song is funky and has a fun name - 10/10. 'You're Mine (Eternal)' is a fun, sweet ballad. Its production is simple and soothing - 8/10. 'You Don't Know What to Do' is an almost-perfect song. Wale's inclusion in the first minute of the song is distracting to me; just a personal preference. But the song as a whole is really good and REALLY catchy - 9.5/10.
'Supernatural' is a cute, relaxing song dedicated to her twins. Though sweet, I think the song drags a little, especially with the outro - 7.5/10. 'Meteorite' is definitely an album highlight. It's the most danceable song on the album and is subtly inspirational. Sounds like you're in a different world - 10.5/10. 'Camouflage' is my 2nd favorite on the album. Another ballad, its deep lyrics and emotional connection make it memorable - 11/10. 'Money ($ * / ...)' is the final hip hop infused, upbeat song on the album. It has clever lyrics and Fabolous' appearance is the perfect touch - 8.5/10.
'One More Try' is next. While the lyrics on this song make it a great cover, I actually hate its production. However, it's a great inclusion and definitely adds to the album's greatness - 8/10. 'Heavenly (No Ways Tired/Can't Give Up Now)' is my favorite on the album. It is undoubtedly the most inspirational song on the album. Everything about it makes me happy - 100+/10. Finally, 'The Art of Letting Go' closes the album. Released at the end of 2013, this song is what made me excited for the album to come out. Definitely one of her best ballads - 10.5/10.
All of these ratings are just my OPINION. Overall, I give the album a 9/10. I've loved the album ever since it became available to stream. Even the album cover (while obviously retouched - though who cares!) is good. Mariah has come a long way. With most music nowadays being overly electronic and vague, she stuck to her roots and released an album that definitely has staying power. Really proud of her!",1,2,"May 27, 2014"
8,"This is indeed Carey's best album post Glitter! it even has more memorable jams than the Emancipation of Mimi and is her most solid work in years! Best Tracks are Dedicated, Faded, Thirsty, Heavenly, You Don't know what to do & Meteorite!
Next potential hits: You don't know what to do & Dedicated",1,2,"May 29, 2014"
9,"We have been waiting for over 2 years now for an album and it was definitely worth the wait, Me I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse is true perfection. Almost every song is amazing. 9.510 REMARKABLE.",1,2,"Jun  4, 2014"
7,"What are YOU hoping for from Mariah Carey? That, that is the primal question before you listen to 'Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse', the singer's long delayed, 14th studio effort. If you're looking for club pop, or top 40 hits.... you're in for disappointment. If you're looking for the R&B infused pop that made Mariah a legend in the 90s.... You're ALMOST in luck! If 2004's 'We Belong Together' was a return to form for Mariah, and the finest point of her career throughout the 00s, then consider 'MIAMTEC' her first big moment of this decade. Though the original title of the project, 'The Art of Letting Go' was infinitely better, and nothing on this album completely delivers to the nostalgic prowess of Mimi's 90s vocals, there are several notable moments that might just get you to that point of musical ecstasy that you've been longing for.
The pitfall of this album is that it doesn't quite return to Mariah's most intimate form.... unfortunately, it's more of a combination of 90s R&B/pop meets 00s urban pop, which ultimately makes it feel a little dated, because it certainly isn't fresh, yet it also isn't brilliant enough to be called a throwback. All in all though, it's a much more enjoyable listen than Carey's previous two attempts, and leaves you ultimately excited for the future and a possible tour.... I mean let's face it, Mimi's vocals are better than they've been in years.
Highlights include the ballads 'Cry', 'Faded', and 'One More Try', as well as the upbeat numbers 'Thirsty', 'Meteorite', and 'Make it Look Good'.",1,2,"May 30, 2014"
10,"Amazing! I DONT CARE FOR HITS! I wanna talent and I saw it in this album! I love it! Amazing! Her best album since The Emancipation of Mimi and the more personal od her career 10",1,2,"Jun 18, 2014"
9,"'Elusive Chanteuse' is probably Carey's most prolific work since 2005's 'Emancipation,' and hearkens back to the creative experimentation with 'Butterfly.'  Her vocals are no where near what they were in the 90s, and that's okay.  Her newer material is written with her present abilities in mind, instead of having to push to sing the classics like 'Always Be My Baby' and 'Hero.'  The album is a dichotomy - it sounds steeped in the past, but looks to the future - the bridge of 'Cry.' has a similar progression as 'One Sweet Day;'  'Make It Look Good' is similar to 'It's a Wrap' from 'Memoirs;' 'You Don't Know What To Do' is a revamp of 'I'm That Chick' from 'E=MC2;' and 'Camouflage' reads like 'Petals' from 'Rainbow;' the album succeeds in its nostalgia, its nod to Carey's prolific past and uncertain future - the diva is a dying art form, and Carey is one of the last to embody it.  This album won't add to the laundry list of records and awards she's received, though it most definitely should.  I find it difficult to isolate and listen to only ONE track - this is truly an ALBUM, and Carey should be proud of creating something so consistent and solid.",1,2,"May 29, 2014"
4,"Really?
Her worst album, she don't sing like before, you can hear horribles belts, i think there are only a few songs that fit in Mariah quality... Cry, #Beautiful, You don't know what to do... Poop!",1,2,"Jun 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah hat echt ein tolles album kreiert, man muss die lieder mehrmals hren um sie zu mgen, so war es z.b bei 'Deadicted und Make It Look Good' die lieder klangen wie aus den 70er und 80er, aber nachdem ich  sie mehrmals gehrt habe, mochte ich sie....zu meinen Lieblingslieder zhlen aufjedenfall 'You Don't Know, Heavenly und Camouflage..........Um ehrlich zu sein kann ich die Negative Kritik nicht nachvollziehen, nur weil Mariah nicht zu ein Mainstream album wie Beyonc gemacht hat, mgen die anderen es nicht. Es ist ein tolles Contemporary RnB album.....das einzige was sie htte noch besser machen knnen, wre es mit weniger Rapper zu Kollaborieren und ich htte mehr Balladen statt Dance lieder gemocht.",1,2,"Jun 15, 2014"
7,"'Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse', es para muchos uno de los mejores discos de Mariah Carey.Presenta temas pegadizos y unas baladas impresionantes, los puntos fuertes del lbum son '#Beautiful', 'Meteorite' o 'Money'. Mariah tiene unos vocales increbles y los demuestra en este lbum.",1,2,"Jul 21, 2014"
8,"It was worth having waited almost five years for the album release. This album has a more than perfect Built between Hip-Hop, R & B, Soul, Blue, Disco and Pop Contemporary... It's a great work, worthy of critical acclaim, but Mariah is not to change your prized artistic concept is a bit of the past mixed with the present, and unfortunately it falls short...",1,2,"Jul  8, 2014"
8,"Ok, let's go, what about the most underrated album since Aguilera's Bionic? Wroted and produced mostly by the one and only R&B queen, Me. I Am Mariah bring us how classic music should sound as hard as Back to Basics brought in 06.
We can see the old good music that Mariah do since 90' in You're Mine and can see she trying new catchy styles in You Don't Know What To Do (the best song in the album so far) and the multi-shade Meteorite. Working with rappers, Mariah didn't recorded The Elusive Chanteuse to peak #1 all over world or to prove that she still the queen of her style, she just wrote this to prove us that she still alive and she's here to stay much, much more.",1,2,"Aug  2, 2014"
4,"She has lost the star power and the star quality she once had, nowadays only but a few songs fit her voice. Her belts aren't stunning anymore and her whistle notes sound hoarse, maybe because of age? Also her voice lost power and she often strays from the correct pitch/note.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"I think it's pretty obvious at this point Mariah's vocals are severely damaged. She can't even attempt to hit the vocal highs of her 90's self, but that's quite alright when the material itself is this good. 'The Elusive Chanteuse' plays as a trip down memory lane; a nostalgic keepsake, from the disco-tinged 'You Don't Know What to Do' to the ode to old school hip hip 'Dedicated' to the throwback R&B/soul '#Beautiful' (ugh,why #? why?#?#).
Certain #missteps aside, this is by far Mariah's best offering since 'The Emancipation of Mimi' 10 years ago",1,2,"Mar  4, 2015"
0,"Mariah Carey is the WORST MUSICIAN EVER, next to Justin Bieber. Her music is so trashy. I hate all of her songs SO MUCH!! But still in person, she isn't as idiotic as JB who got detained and arrested by the cops. Avoid this album at ALL COSTS!! Buy Mario Kart Wii, 7 or 8 instead. I also beat her up in SSB4.",3,8,"Apr  6, 2015"
9,"They say that the best albums are the ones that you hate at the beginning, but that slowly win you over with every listen. Me. I Am Mariah..... The Elusive Chanteuse is one of these. Do not judge the album solely by its first track Cry., because that is not what it is all about. On the contrary, most of the album is an R&B, power ballad spectacle that showcases l'incroyable voix de notre chateuse Mariah. After several listens, I have come to the realization that she truly blew me away and I can confidently say that this album re-establishes her as the artist we have come to know her as and places her back on the pedestal; her rightful place. I am actually surprised that her singles she had already released did not perform as well as the Emancipation era singles because they are just as great. My favorite songs off the album would have to be Faded and You Don't Know What to Do. There's something about the piano instrumental in Faded that draws you right in like a maritime tide. As for YDKWTD, it's disco influenced and showcases Mariah's vast vocal talent and is just so fun to dance to. Although, I must say that the songs on the second half of the album are not as compelling as the first half (mostly the deluxe edition tracks) but I am pretty sure that they will grow on me, just like the first half. Mariah definitely has something to brag about this time around. Now all that is missing is a Billboard Hot 100 #1 Announcement and a tour (one can only hope).",1,3,"May 28, 2014"
5,"Reading the professional reviews, I thought I'd be blown away. The first thing that should've warned me that I wouldn't be blown away was the first track being 'Cry'. I don't understand why this is the lead track. Going through the album, there are too many ballads. Now if they were ballads like 'We Belong Together' I wouldn't mind them but they're nowhere near that caliber. Not everything was bad about the album. 'Thirsty' is a standout as great as the smash lead single '#Beautiful'. The vocals & uptempo of 'You Don't Know What To Do' are EXACTLY the songs we need more of here! 'Meteorite' is another standout that there needs to be more of. The George Michael cover of 'One More Try' is a great ballad & choice to make. Other than those songs, I don't see anymore of them making it to my iPod. This is a huge step UP from Memoirs of An Imperfect Angel but we have heard better from the Elusive Chanteuse.",4,15,"May 27, 2014"
10,"This is not her best and she's not been in her prime for a long time, but this is still a joyful album that's really better than a lot of **** out there.
So yes.",1,4,"Dec  3, 2014"
0,"Lame, boring, crappy, and Mariah Carey is the worst musician ever! But in person, She is a heck of a lot better than JB whom is a dumb kid that got arrested for assault after an ATV collision, threw eggs at his fans, DUI, etc. Avoid MC and JB at ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!! I also beat both in SSB 3DS / Wii U. Curse ya Bieber and curse ya Carey!!!!",2,10,"Apr 13, 2015"
10,"The universal management pessima we have played hymns in the trash without disclosure without any support from the record company released the best album of R & B's all played out today.",0,2,"Nov 10, 2015"
8,"This album sound very intimate. The lyrics are very beautiful and the vocals sound mature. The only flaw is the lack of potential singles, but its a great album that diserves attention.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Brilliant from head to toe. Despite only giving it a 60 score, even RS ranks it among the best R&B releases of 2014. It's personal, beautiful, well written and produced. It features some of Mariah's best melodies in years.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"Este  o melhor lbum de Mariah em anos, ela soube mostrar muito bem que continua sendo a maior artista do gnero R&B, Mariah trouxe no disco msicas com letras fortes e emocionantes como Cry., Camouflage, The Art Of Letting Go e Faded e msicas bastante alegres como Thirsty, Meteorite, Make It Look Good e vrias outras fora a maravilhosa Supernatural com os DemBabies, este CD ficou muito melhor do que o ltimo dela lanado em 2009 (MOAIA), Me I Am pode figurar no top 5 de melhores lbuns da carreira de Mariah, nele contm o R&B gostoso de ouvir que s a Mariah consegue fazer, melhor lbum lanado em 2014!!!",0,0,"May 24, 2016"
8,"Ryksopp and Robyn collaborated twice before (Ryksopp's 2009 single, 'The Girl and the Robot', and Robyn's 2010 sassy synthpop classic, 'None of Dem') and although many musicians in the mainstream industry fail to reconnect that chemistry more than once, Do It Again actually feels natural -- conceptually, that is. The 9-minute synth-and-sax opener, 'Monument', reintroduces Robyn into her 'With Every Heartbeat' days, except if it were an epic, combining melancholy melodies with meaningful lyrics to create an anthem that'll sure as hell light the fires of fans.
An extended-play (EP) disguised as a mini-album? Nope. Ryksopp and Robyn develop some of the catchiest Eurodance songs of their careers: 'Say It', an ultra-repetitive synthpop song where Robyn and an electronic vocoder seemingly seduce each other (which actually peaked in the top 40 of the U.S. iTunes charts for a day, so something's not wrong here); 'Do It Again', the title track that combines pulsing synth beats with Robyn's adoring vocals that'll surely light up clubs across Europe and maybe even the U.S.; and 'Every Little Thing', where we're reintroduced into the 1990s obsession with trip-hop and melodramatic lyricism.
Do It Again won't hit everyone as hard as it'll hit the select few that'll buy into Ryksopp and Robyn's knack at making stylish and substantial synthpop. It's too soon to call it a masterpiece and we'll surely enjoy it more during their upcoming Do It Again tour. But it certainly fills the void for anyone who hasn't gotten their proper dosage of these three in the last 2 or 3 years. Robyn's next solo-album is overdue.",3,3,"May 28, 2014"
10,"This album finally gets the credit it deserves with a Grammy nomination! It contains some of both parties' best work and hopefully they'll be the one going home with a Grammy!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2014"
6,"Coming from a big fan of their first 2 albums, Pop Psychology has a fair amount of highlights, to me but lacks the consistent quality of their past work.  The more introspective stuff can get cliche a lot of the time, and the straight-up 80's synth-pop songs lack any real life.  This album really works best when they keep that sense of wit & tightness that made them such a force of personality in the pop world in the first place.  Not a good starting point but worth your time if you're already a fan of their other stuff.
(For my more in-depth review, look up 'Spin It Reviews' on YouTube.)",0,0,"Jun  5, 2014"
6,"Went into this album thinking I'd be the same old Neon Trees album that we'd come to expect but was very s hocked by tracks like 'Unavoidable' and 'First Things First'. I probably wouldn't spend money on the album though, thank god for Spotify!",0,0,"May  5, 2014"
7,"What's the most impressive about Pop Psychology is the fact it's coming from a dark place (genius frontman Tyler Glenn's personal struggles) but still manages to sound the most colorful the band has ever sounded. With lyrical gems and Neon Trees' signature retro-ish quirkiness throughout, it's one damn fine record. Standouts include the hit single 'Sleeping With The Friend', as well as 'Voices in the Halls', 'Foolish Behavior' and 'Living In Another World'.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2014"
7,"I enjoyed a lot this album. The pop isn't that great but isn't that worse. Is the first time that I heard them and won't be the last one. =) 'Unavoidable' is the best for me.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"It's an Elton classic. Elton is classic. It's logic folks. This LP has influenced dozens of artists in the past forty years and deserves a re-release as much as any other pop classic",2,2,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is an album that I had attempted to listen to several times, but constantly put off due to its long running time. I finally listened to the album on a 10 hour plane journey where I had nothing to do except catch up on music I had meant to listen to years before. I decided that it was time to finally make a judgement about this record. Needless to say, it was quite possibly one of the best records I had ever listened to. The opening track Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding is a two-part epic, with the first part starting off ominously before evolving into an epic glam rock instrumental and song. The three following songs are considered Elton John classics; Candle in the Wind, the soft rock ballad that serves as a tribute to Marilyn Monroe (and later Diana, Princess of Wales), glam rocker Bennie & the Jets, and Candle in the Wind a short but epic song that retells the story of the Wizard of Oz. Generally the songs that follow are in the vein of soft rock ballads that switch between piano and guitar dynamics, but there are some exceptions - such as Jamaica Jerk Off, an experimental world music piece, and the classic hard rock inspired Saturday Night's All Right for Fighting. Closing track Harmony is another soft rock song with an epic sounding chorus that closes a perfect album. Is this Elton John's best record?",1,1,"Apr  4, 2014"
10,"Ahhh the classics, This album really shows that Elton John is one of the greatest musicians of all time, great memorable songs that never get old. One of the greatest albums I've ever listened to.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2015"
10,"Just amazing, what an amazing album for a music legend! These classics will always be perfect, no matter how many years pass. I think it's Elton John's best album and it seems like it's very hard to top that because Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is just a masterpiece, even people who don't like Elton John are loving it.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
6,"its not a bad album but i expected mooore specially after 4 yrs waiting , ballad songs as empire and broken record r the best , the country song wiz Blake Shelton is too bad and the song wiz Magic too",2,2,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Judging for the first single, surely your wouldn't expect such a mixed-powerful-acoustic-mature-enjoyable album like this... one that definitely show that there's few artist right now capable to create music and a very strong album and once again Shakira let us know that she's one of those.",1,1,"Mar 26, 2014"
7,"I felt like this is not her best album but I am glad Shakira made this album.
While I do agree with the critics saying that Shakira is trying to 'Americanize' her music for this album, I think the critics forgot that Shakira is experimenting new sound in this album and I like artists who do this.
What's with the different track list for different formats? I get it why Shakira does this for her Spanish speaking fans but a different tracklist for digital version? Well, if you ask me which tracklist is better, it's the digital version. The physical album version made the songs felt a bit out of place based on adding a playlist of the songs in physical version. I don't like the idea of Dare (La La La) being played as the fourth song of the physical album but I do like Dare (La La La) as the first song of the digital album. It's like getting things started with a strong song!
I understand why she doesn't have a lot of Spanish songs in this album and if her Spanish fans are okay with it, it's fine by me.
The lyrics. Wow. In lyrical wise, this is her best album to write. They have sounded really grown up and we get to see many sides of Shakira such as her being a mother, a performer, a wife and a human being basically.
I felt like Shakira was free and happy making this album, mainly because she is now in a different label which was RCA instead of Epic. which for some reason did not do a good job.
I think it's safe to call this as one of the best albums released this year.",1,1,"Apr 28, 2014"
10,"An amazing album from one of the most beautiful women on the planet. With good songs featuring other stars like Rihanna, the voice of an amazing latiana, this is definitely worth buying!!!!!!!!",1,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"This album has a lot of enjoyable songs , I am from Chile , and I am so proud that a girl from Colombia , Latin America can be so succesful around the world. Shakira is a worldwide artist , and this album expresses one more time the great artist who Shakira is.
I am sure that a specific song of the album is going to be a HUGE hit worldwide ! Just wait and see.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Um excelente album pop. Shakira prova mais uma vez que consegue unir elementos de varias culturas e enrriquecer suas msicas com as mais variaras referncias. O 'Shakira.' possui mid-tempos, baladas, dance, reggae e faixas que flertam com sonoridades e estruturas experimentais.",7,8,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Awesome album. Worth the 4 year wait. Not as good as Sale El Sol but still amazing.    Some really strong tracks on this.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"The album is awesome! Great songs and great lyrics! It has a lot of genders, with beautiful folk ballads. It might be her best English album. This is a personal album and it has songs that talk about her life and her family.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"'Shakira.' is the album that her fans from 'Donde Estan Los Ladrones?' and 'Pies Descalzos' were waiting. This eclectic record is a significant proof of the artist she is planing to be the rest of her career. 'Shakira.' feels mature and powerful, in tracks like Empire and The One Thing. Determined, in You Don't Care About Me, Dare (La La La) and Spotlight. But more importantly, she sounds happy and in love, in tracks like 23, That Way and the beautiful cover Loca Por Ti.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Perfect. Every single track it's a journey. Dare i's so catchy, Medicine i't's a great duo with coach of the voice, Blake Sheltom, Spotlight and The One Thing are so explosive tracks and 23, Broken Record and Loca por Ti touching my soul. Congrats",1,2,"Mar 26, 2014"
0,"I had low expectations after hearing the first single off this album, but this just blew it out of the park.
It's really sad, because Shakira has a very unique and special voice, and she has so much potential.
But it seems as if Shakira was coerced into Americanizing her sound, and it ends up sounding extremely cringe-worthy.
The album's lyrics lack emotion and depth.
The music within itself is dry and predictable.
The production was lazily executed.
And the album seemed rushed and exhausted.
Maybe next time.",1,4,"Mar 27, 2014"
0,"To be fair, Shakira has had a rough go of it competing with her peers in the business. But the quality of the songs on this eponymous release is weak and therefore fleeting. They are very polished, air brushed songs - and they cannot even provide, at least, any sugary 'ear candy.' I hear she has a new husband who is forbidding her to dance with shirtless males. I'm sure that would be the least of their problems considering she is now being controlled by a religious fanatic. And it also reflects on the music - I think her music on this one is also being compromised for the sake of religion which is something that any rock star - even one from a Latin country - would want to avoid. The spirit of the album feels like it has been dampened. Nobody will be listening to this album in a year from now and it will be in the bargain-bin at whatever record store or website you order it from within 6 months. Here's hoping she gets her groove back on next time around.",1,10,"Mar 29, 2014"
1,"shakira is the best mexican singer i have ever heard your song are 80 % enjoyable 30 %  unenjoyable ...................................................................",1,11,"Mar 25, 2014"
3,"For a hardcore Shakira fan like myself, this album was a major let-down. From the start to the end it's flat and unispired. Some songs remind me of other artists like Avril Lavigne and the ones which kind of stand out are the songs not written by Shakira. After a 3 year hiatus i was expecting this album to be interesting and fresh but all i got was a bland, boring, monotonous result which fails to make you come back and listen again. It's funny she called this album Shakira because i cannot find a song that has her signature sound on this album. Half of the album tries to make a difference and the other half fades into oblivion because the songs are corny teenage ballads with mediocre lyrics. Even the highly anticipated Sia track turned out to be nothing exciting. This has got to be my least favorite Shakira album ever, and i usually find a couple of tracks to listen to if i don't like an album but this one is one big disappointment i want to forget.
Waiting for her spanish album having a few hopes for something better.",0,1,"Oct 25, 2014"
10,"bixa, a senhora  destruidora mesmo heim viado, rainha latina que veio na janela da topic da colmbia para o mundo, sambou arrasou, arrombou, lacrou, destruiu, nota 10, algum problema com meu voto?",0,1,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"Quienes conocemos a Shakira desde 'Pies descalsos' y Donde estn los ladrones?, sabemos el verdadero valor de este nuevo album homonimo, que sin duda es una sintesis de su carrera musical, canciones como 'Broken records', 'Spotlights' y '23' nos recuerda a esa chica de melena negra, por otro lado canciones como 'Cut me deep' y 'Medicine' nos muestran la faceta de explorar nuevos ritmos, mientras que 'Dare' nos recuerda la artista global en la que se convirti desde 'Laundry Service'. Por eso que le quede claro a este medio que 'Sale el Sol' no es su mejor album, ni 'Shakira' merece cierta puntuaciones puesto se encuentra en el top 3 de sus mejores discos.",0,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"If not her best album yet, definetely her best English album, the honesty, maturity and diversity on it is great. She found a way to show her past stlyes but still keep them fresh. Very well done, the wait has been worth it.",0,1,"Mar 26, 2014"
10,"Very good, i was wating for this record since Oral Fixation 2, i liked Shewolf and Sale el Sol, but they were very different from the Shakira records i loved years ago, im glad shes back in full form.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
7,"This is not what I was expecting, but it's a good album. Some of Shakira's songs are addicted but other ones are not too bad. I miss that shakira from the Laundry Service or Oral Fixation.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
6,"Shakira siempre se ha destacado por su enorme capacidad compositora y vocal, ademas por ser una maestra a la hora de fusionar estilos latinos con el pop y el rock contemporneo, pero con el paso del tiempo hemos visto como una de las grandes del mundo ha cado en el mundo del pop comercial.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Shakira's cd is excellent, and one of my favorites so far this year.  The cd hooked me right from the start, with the initial dance track, and each track after that.  Each track has so much passion and this cd will be one of my favorites this year and I will wear it out!",0,0,"Apr  2, 2014"
6,"Hmmm... it's not a bad album, neither a great album. Obviously, I couldn't understand the Spanish tracks. My favourite tracks were Can't Remember to Forget You, Empire and the amazing Broken Record. The problem with this album is that most of the tracks are not bad, but they all fail to stand out.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2014"
10,"Eu estou completamente apaixonado por esse lbum! Shakira conseguiu reunir todo seu talento em canes com estilos diferente entre si e, ao mesmo tempo, coeso.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2014"
9,"Shakira shows herself more personal and intimate in this album. I praise the collaborations and the musical diversity contained in the album, thus it has a bit of every rhythm. The ballad '23' has proven deep feelings and honesty; 'Empire' is so powerful that could cherish whoever listens to it; 'Cut Me Deep? is a novelty for a Shakira song, but sounds very good. Nonetheless, lacking more happy tunes like 'La La La' make the album much more quiet, which is not necessarily bad (for me, at least). Shakira shows herself as a whole.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Shakira is the most complete artist of today, and she proves it with 'Shakira.', fulfilling exactly what she promised months ago:
'Shakira.
Nothing more. A little bit of rock, a little bit of folk, a little reggae and naturally some dance--but as always, and above all, a lot of heart.'
The album is awesome, perfect melodies and the lyrics even more, and who didn't like anything, just my condolences.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"This girl did it again. I mean, she took a risk with this new album, a heterogenous album -in a good way-, cause You have since ska-punk to folk and country in one package; her smart but deep lyrics makes an intimate introspection of her life now and how she's loving her new life with her husband. I don't see anything wrong on it; at the end of the day, she has the right to express her feelings.
About her new country adventure, it's a nice way to take a risk and making a masterpiece. She sings, she's a song-writer, a producer, she's perfectionist and You can see it in this new album where she put it her name cause You know, it's her after all. It's her feeelings, her new life, how she's feeling now and the way she feels in peace. But sometimes, You can notice she's exorcizing her past demons in songs like 'You Don't Care About Me' or even in 'Cut Me Deep'.
I love when someone put several sounds and You can still find harmony there in any sense. In conclusion, I'm very glad with the results and I was expecting something similar but this was better than I could imagine. Personal, agressive sometimes, full of love but at same time, with a little satire to the same feeling of love, letting go the past ghosts. She's on her top of expectations and this is the proof.
PS: I don't know how You could consider that 'LA Times' review cause that was disgusting and disrespectful to her; that was a bad joke, not even a professional or critical musical review.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Shakira mais uma vez inovando seu trabalho, dessa vez no foi diferente, misturou vrios ritmos, e h canes muito pessoais que refletem sua vida, sua famlia e seus sentimentos, nota 10!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2014"
6,"Generally a great album, with some hits and some misses. I love her sound, as always, but in today's market where strong female vocals are raging, she stays low at the bottom of them all. The best songs off of this record have to be Empire, Medicine and Can't Remember To Forget You.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
8,"I do believe in this album's potential, perhaps it's not her best album to date, but it sure is on her top 3 list, even though I could notice some American influences, it is very clear to me she is still the same Shakira we all love, the kind of experimental 'you don't care about me' is the best track for me and the song 'dare' brings some Brazilian flavor to the whole thing especially when sung in Spanish, ballad 'empire' is also a stand-out track",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
10,"So far this is one of my favorite Shakira albums. It does have that Shakira flavor and scene but with a twist of what music has to offer nowadays. For the people saying that the albums is not good or so I think you should listen to her older material and copare it to this one.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2014"
10,"Wonderful album from an amazing and versatile artist. I love the ska-pop and reggae influences throughout the album. Standouts for me would be: Can't Remember to Forget You, Empire, Cut Me Deep, Dare (La La La), Medicine.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2014"
10,"Quem  f da Shakira sabe que atrs desta estrela pop rebolativa h um corao roqueiro e uma alma folk. E  assim que a Shakira nos presenteia com um cd um tanto controverso para um mercado cada vez mais descartvel. Quem hoje se lembra de 'estrelas' como Carly Rae Jepsen ou Lady Gaga?",0,0,"Apr 24, 2014"
8,"Not Shakira's best but still very much worth listening too. I am definitely going to say that I wish the song La La La (Spanish Version) was included on the American release. It would have been a great single for US Latin radio. I think, overall, I am a fan of the reggae-tinged production in this album. It's very different, and I like hearing a new side to Shakira. By far and away, the strongest track on this album is Empire. Proud of Shaki for getting back to the rock roots us Hispanohablantes know and love,  but I wish she had written the song herself. It sounds off if she doesn't write the song. In fact, this whole album just sounds off. It all SOUNDS like it should be sung by Shakira, but unless Shakira actually wrote the song, I don't think it sounds nearly as convincing. That's just the way she is and always has been. Overall, however, there was not a bad song on the album. It just left a little to be desired.",0,0,"May 12, 2014"
6,"Shakira's lyrics were always personal and this album is not an exception.It's full of sweet and honest lyrics about the bright side of love and life.Music follows a much more minimalistic,acoustic approach that fit lyrics perfectly.
Unfortunately,what doesn't fits perfectly is Shakira's singing style.Don't get me wrong,I love her unique voice and singing but let's be honest:
even her most die hard fan would admit she is no adele or alicia keys to support this kind of songs. Simple,acoustic songwriting (23,broken record,,that way) ain't do her any favors.
Songs like 'You cut me deep','Dare' and 'Can't remember to forget you' though compliment her vocal range perfectly and turn out to be album's most entertaining moments.
She also stands her ground on 'empire' and 'loca por ti'-both a clever refer to her  rockish  past (si te vas,invevitable) and present (devocion).Maybe it is just me but I will love a total rock -or why not,hard rock- album from her in the future.
On one hand it's brave to take some serious risks,including new music styles like country,on the other hand a country song by shakira is as useful as a death metal song by miranda lambert.
She is absolutely talented,she can rock a lot of different music styles but she can't do anything.
A man has to know his limitations.This album is borderline bipolar and not in a good way,like laundry service and sal el sol were.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
8,"I adore her hard work, experimentation with new genres because I listen to all genres. She has experimented with Country on this one. She brought up her Caribbean blood with reggae beats from 'cut me deep' and 'CRTFY'.  Again she has maintained her rock self with 'Empire'. and the same goes to pop with 'YDCAM' and dance 'lalala' lol she has shown her love and respect to her partner singing in Catalan(Boig per tu)!  Just that I wish that this album was bilingual. I always want to listen to more and more Spanish songs from my Spanish teacher!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
10,"Great album, great bands with great vocals, Shakira is an artist who has great talent in his compositions and productions, honest, full of excitement and great music album, proving once again that you can make pop music quality. Even at that time the music industry this time in decay, we have a cohesive album and enjoy a quality artist.
# Diva",0,0,"Jun 15, 2014"
6,"Shakira es la diva latina por excelencia, 'Shakira' es su ultimo Disco que en su edicin normal contiene 3 canciones en espaol y 8 en ingles.'Shakira' explora distintos gneros musicales como el reggae (cut me deep), electropop (La la la) y hasta country (Medicine).
'Shakira' es un disco muy personal, y con buenas canciones, pero se podra haber hecho mas,El disco esta bien, pero tendra que haber sido mejor.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"Just an AMAZING album! One of the best album from Shakira. Her vocals, her lyrics, a great mix of genres, it's so enjoyable. Key songs? Cut Me Deep, Broken Record, Spotlight, Empire and Can't Remember To Forget You. BUY IT NOW!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Amei esse lbum ele prova que uma cantora pode sempre manter seu essencial mesmo fora de seu pas no  que nem outras cantoras que se tornam desesperada depois do flop e saem correndo atrs da Iggy tentando criar hits (sou verdadeira sinto muito)",0,0,"Feb  1, 2015"
10,"(   ,     ),     :
-   , ,   ,    ,   ,     .        !",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"Hinrio, Shakira demonstrou nesse lbum que nunca decaiu e sempre mostrou algo maduro e de qualidade, este lbum no merece ser chamado de lbum e sim de obra prima no  apenas uma msica que vc ouve e sim algo que vc sente dentro de s mesmo",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
7,"Not bad at all, seems like a summing up of her previous career, taking the sound from each of her previous efforts. However, not a single song is memorable or has survived the trial of time in my personal playlists. Since She Wolf, Shakira is relying more onto easy tunes, big hits than real quality. Given the fact that she was probably really discernable for her style, both visually and musically, it is a real shame that she choose the way of mediocre mainstream pop. In this record she's trying to be more true to herself and can be appreciated indeed.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing. It's a perfect pop album, eclectic and cool, all the songs are wonderful. Favorite songs are The One Thing, Medicine and Cut Me Deep.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Amo este album tiene varias canciones que combinan pop, rock, regue, tambin sonidos brasileos, tiene baladas tiene canciones que te hacen bailar, recuerda a sus inicios tiene cosas nuevas como el country, es un album muy completo",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
9,"Es Un Gran Album, Tiene Hermosas Letras, Pero Es El Album De Shakira Que Menos Me Ha Gustado,Pero Le Doy Un 9 Porque Tiene Mucha Calidad, Me Ha Gustado, Pero Pudo Ser Mejor",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
8,"Comprising a blend of familiar standards and George's own compositions, the tracks are given lush reworkings and together with Phil Ramones production, float serenely towards you. Having heard most of what is included here before, I am still engaged by the album and for George Michael fans at least, it is a compelling and valuable addition to the library. There are not many artists that have the style or talent George has and its showcased to great effect here. My favourites include the Terence Trent Darby penned Let Her Down Easy, perhaps for its relative freshness as much as its beautifully sparse piano/string arrangement. The band and George also get to stretch their legs on Feeling Good giving a mid album lift to the set. Negatives for me include the production on some of the tracks where a push on the upper frequencies has left the vocals sounding a little sibilant - I am being picky though and I have noticed this on George's material before, so maybe he just likes it like this. As a whole it errs on the safe side and as I have already said, there is not much here that will be unfamiliar to many listeners. Having said that, its an enormously enjoyable listen shot through with beauty and feeling from one of the most talented artists we have.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2014"
10,"This album is so unique and fun to listen to. ...it's great to hear the genuine lyrics sung so lovely by Mr. Blacc. Unlike John Legend, Aloe's music makes you swoon - not just sit there trying to figure out if you like what you're hearing. lol When I saw Aloe on the Soul Train awards, I was like 'Who is THAT? I LOVE him!'  lol  So when I found him on iTunes I was happy to get a taste of the new record - which, although his album 'Good Things' received more critical accolades, this album is more fun to listen to. Sometimes the critics just get it wrong! This album is SO recommended!",2,3,"Dec  6, 2014"
10,"Lift Your Spirit is rather formulaic from that standpoint--it's a fun EP and is a must-buy.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",2,8,"Mar 11, 2014"
10,"'A Perfect Contradiction' is one of the best albums of the year. When I listened it for the first time, I felt like I was walking between 40s until 90s decade. It's really amazing! I'm really in love with it!
Paloma is more mature and powerful with her music, using inspiration and production so much good. For me, the album has big songs like 'Only Love Can Hurt Like This', 'Trouble With My Baby', 'Can't Rely on You' and 'Tease on My Tears'.
This is the best of her, of course.",10,10,"Sep 30, 2014"
7,"7/10 - 'It does seem as if Palomas sacrificed some individuality for some of that bankable overwrought wailing' - The Independent (UK), not bad, not amazing.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2015"
5,"There is without a doubt that British singer Paloma Faith has talent, but her album A Perfect Contrdiction (2014) has some hit and misses. Despite my mixed reaction, I have faith or hope, that my favorite track 'Only Love Can Hurt Like This' may crossover to other countries including the United States.",0,0,"May 15, 2015"
10,"Album PERFEITISSIMO, posso me imaginar olhando pras lindas nuvens no horizonte ao por do sol ouvindo only love can hurt like this que seria explendido, ou passar por aquelas pessoas desagradaveis ouvindo cant rely on you rindo delas hdvfyhvbfyrfgbrugbh ou cantar aquele refrao delicioso de leave while im not looking que eu ia morrer ali mesmo de tao bom",0,0,"Aug 10, 2015"
10,"Como o nome j diz  A Perfect Contradiction mostra uma contradio entre o triste e alegre em canes  como Only Love Can Hurt Like This e Can't Rely On You, mostrando a evoluo e  capacidade de Paloma de juntar  seus dois lbuns anteriores em um s, com uma harmonia invejvel, com letras e melodias fantsticas.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"maravilhoso, seu melhor album e mais maduro tambem, esse progresso de pop para r&b combinou muito com as vozes delas, s acho que poderia ter mais reconhecimento",4,4,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Melhor lbum de uma girlband da atualidade e esse s vai ser superado pelo terceiro lbum que est por vir. the biggest girlband in the world. qualidade e timos vocais",4,4,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"These girls are the ones who save the current girl groups! Songwriters! Make the songs themselves, and not counting the optimal result of his songs, exelentes voices, and high perfectionism. They go too, angelic voices, all that an artist should have! My current favorite. All the songs were intended, and pass a message! No music is to play out! All are magnificent, especially Little Me and the feminist anthem Salute!",3,3,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"Consegue ser um dos melhores albuns atualmente pra mim, tem harmonia, as letras so motivadoras, a qualidade  tima, e elas merecem muito sucesso.",2,2,"Feb 11, 2015"
10,"I love Little Mix since TXF, they are the best girlband of the world now and they diserve the best. This Album is SO GOOD, was made with a perfect lyrics and it's the best LOVE IT",1,1,"May  1, 2015"
10,"yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",1,1,"May  4, 2015"
10,"this is by far the most amazing album of the year. it shows their amazing vocals and harmonies. fun sad energetic. So generally  all types of sounds in one",4,5,"Nov 27, 2013"
8,"I still haven't decided which album I like better: this album or their last and also debut album, DNA. Salute's got some great power songs and ballads. 'These Four Walls' is actually the only song that bores me. But what's really worth buying this album, is Little Mix's outstanding vocals. My God, these girls can sing! I've seen a few of their live performances, and they sound almost exactly the same as on the album. And although Perrie and Jade are the best singers in the group, they don't really stand out to Jesy, who's voice is very unique, and Leigh-Anne, who's an amazing rapper. Little Mix can do everything from ballads to R&B. I can't wait for their next album.",3,4,"Feb 27, 2014"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns lanados por girl groups em anos. Um albm com uma identidade e mensagem, mostrou o talento das integrantes como compositoras alm de valorizar muito e com perfeio os vocais (muito bem aplicados, por sinal).",3,4,"Sep  1, 2014"
10,"I have been a fan of Little Mix for a very long time and was very excited for their second album and after listening to it a couple of times, all i have to say that i truly love Salute. I liked DNA but this album is just amazing...it really took me by surprise...the girls sound great together and have definitely come a long way from their X Factor days. I am addicted to each and every track especially Little Me, About The Boy and Competition. Salute is one of the best albums of 2013 and it deserves all the great reviews and success it is receiving. Love you loads Little Mix!",8,12,"Nov 13, 2013"
8,"UK's X-Factor winners bring us a fully realized triumph with 'Salute'.  The combination of their voices for their 2nd go-around is like if Leona Lewis and the Sugababes had a more successful Super-Baby.  Download: Move, Boy, See Me Now.",2,3,"Dec 13, 2013"
10,"Little Mix, shows all her talents, it's a perfect album, the ballads are powerfull and the other songs are catchy... 10!
If DNA was a good pop album, Salute is a perfect POP/R&B Album, best girlband !",2,3,"Jun 27, 2014"
8,"So refreshing! Really solid album that doesn't bore even after countless replayings. Vocals are amazing, beats are exciting. Destiny's Child would be proud for sure!",3,5,"Feb  9, 2014"
9,"The best girl band currently. A fabulous blend of Spice Girls, TLC and Destiny's Child but without losing their indentity. Perfect voices, inspirational lyrics, striking beats. Salute in my opinion along with Pure Heroine of the Lorde was one of the best albums released in 2013. Shocked everyone with the already huge change in DNA sweet little girls were coming from the X Factor with their colored hair and wings on the shoe now at Salute only use black and invite women to enslave men. But it is a pity that even with so much talent are only known because of Zayn Malik.",3,5,"May 18, 2014"
9,"Salute is a solid R&B-influenced pop production that thankfully lacks the fettered packaging of Little Mix's debut album DNA. It takes a suaver route towards the acrobatically powered vocals that are fast becoming de rigueur in mainstream 21st Century pop.",3,5,"Nov 27, 2014"
10,"'Salute' shows a whole new level of maturity from the British girl group Little Mix with its energetic and fresh beats alongside great vocals and tight harmonies. Definitely an improvement on their first album, 'DNA', and a highlight of the year. Good job, girls!",2,4,"Dec 11, 2013"
9,"Aps ouvir esse album, vejo que elas mereceram ganhar o The X factor, album muito bem trabalhado, com som como as msicas do principe do pop,Justin Timberlake,um tpico R&B. Recomento  todos.",2,4,"Dec 23, 2013"
10,"Surely Little Mix excelled with this album, it is fantastic. Vocals are amazing, beats are exciting. Salute is an undeniably solid album, and has a lot more going for it than similar efforts from many of Little Mixs pop peers this year. Little Mix is definitely the best girlband today.",2,4,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Little Mix is definitely one of the most talented acts that have entered the musical industry after 2011 (a very productive year for mainstream pop music). But from their teen pop debut album 'DNA' to their sophomore R&B-influenced pop record 'Salute', these girls have evolved more than any other group in the past decade has. The track Salute is a female statement with great lyrics and a perfect combination of UK pop music and its military sounds, while 'Move' and 'About the Boy' are very mainstream and explosive pop tracks (with some contemporary R&B beats). As the grown women that these ladies have become, they've learned to deliver some very classic and strong ballads; 'Towers' and 'Good Enough' show us a lot of emotion, resentment, guilt and a bit of anger too. 'These Four Walls', on another hand, is full of apathy, and it's the calm point of this amazing album. It's noticeable that this record has a very strong 90's influence, as seen on the tracks 'Boy', 'Mr. Loverboy', 'Competition' and 'Little Me', both assimilable to En Vogue and Destiny's Child music style. And another differential that Little Mix brings with their second album is the well-organized percussion on the tracks 'Nothing Feels Like You', 'Stand Down' and 'See Me Now', where we can see some African drums influence too. Although they have been very underestimated by their record label and Simon Cowell, they've delivered just what the music industry needs: organic and refreshing music for young adults/teenagers, great lyrics and mostly, unquestionably amazing vocals, showing that they're obviously the best girlgroup right now.",2,4,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"This album is just amazing. They're amazing they have good vocals, good songs, personality, harmony. DNA is such an amazing album but Salute is so much better. Salute is grown up, but it isn't superficial.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
5,"It's good with the first few tracks Salute, Move, but then it gets a little boring and songs seemed to just be thrown around messily. It's obviously a follow up to a Destiny Child's album, especially with the song Boy but doesn't really get there with me. Sounds very military and upbeat and then throw in the ballads and it brings the mood down.",1,3,"Feb  6, 2014"
0,"not that impressed couldve done better. their sound isnt as good as i expected. liked a song or two only. they should work on their chemistry as well. not a fan, sadly.",1,3,"Feb 10, 2015"
0,"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.... pense que seria mas bueno, solo me gusta move, es la mas rescatable y movida de todo el album, realmente fome, penca, y todas las weas",3,11,"Nov 14, 2013"
0,"Ya me habian dicho que este disco era malo, quise darle una oportunidad, pero que decepcin me he llevado, que pena. Simplemente he perdido mi tiempo.",0,2,"Feb 10, 2015"
0,"lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo",0,1,"Sep 30, 2015"
8,"A brilliant second album from the girls proving to not just me but to everyone that they are they are not just the next big British girl band but also the next big girl band in general. Led by a brilliant title track which does exactly what the girls want it empowers women.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"maravilhoso amei demaisssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss preguia de escrever 150 mas ta ne vgvhjgvghgvkvgkggbkhbgbjghbj,ghbgjhgbgnhbgbhj,gdhbjd,gmhb jhn tchau",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
7,"H uma evoluo sobre o primeiro lbum que  uma porcaria.
Nessa era tem umas msicas gostosinhas
Best Songs: Move, They Just Don't Know You, Towers, Little Me, About the Boy e Claro o Hit Salute.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2015"
3,"Nothing that Destiny's Child or Beyonce didn't do before. No originality whatsoever, it's actually really sad to be honest. Only tracks that I somewhat liked are Competition, Boy and Stand Down... the rest are not so good. And Salute is a just a Run The World (Girls) copy and nowhere near as good.",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
10,"Salute is so amazing! So refreshing! The vocals, harmonies is so fun! Is the best album ever! The best girl band currently! Salute is a solid R&B-influenced pop production.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2015"
10,"for me the best album of a girl band . with super feminist songs they valued and represented well the ' girl power ' . She are certainly the best that there is in the music business . Harmonies , sounds , beauty, humility and sense of humor, totally perfect",0,0,"Sep 29, 2015"
0,"With tiresome and outdated songs, Salute by Little Mix is one of the worst albums released in 2015. The album does not add anything to the listeners, it is tiring and boring",0,0,"May 26, 2016"
0,"Hated every song in the album. The problem lies in the group itself, they aren't good singers, they are like four hags thinking they can sing. Just look at them, Mariah Carey and Gwen Stefani looks younger than them.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
7,"Ed Harcourt takes her from dancefloor wannabe to sincere songstress, & whilst there are some very likable tracks here, overall there just feels a lack of focus on the album. It's all exceptionally well produced and Sophie has such a beautiful voice.",2,2,"Jan 26, 2014"
10,"Sophie se mostrou uma artista atemporal com este disco, incrvel!
Achei a mudana da dance music para o estilo chill out mais calmo muito bom, um CD muito bonito para a carreira dela.",0,2,"Jan 20, 2014"
8,"timo album, trouxe uma Sophie diferente de tudo que j tinhamos ouvido dela, canes lindas e uma classe incomparvel, algo pouco visto na msica pop atualmente.... Lindo!!!!",0,2,"Jan 21, 2014"
10,"What a spectacular, sensual, mature and all-sufficient work of Art! The whole album is like a kaleidoscope of stories - each is different but all are connected to each other at the same time by this nostalgic retro spirit. You just let your imagination go in any direction accompanied by charming Sophie's voice. She told in some interview that this record is the most personal for her, and I must admit that I was hoping to hear an album like 'Wanderlust' from Sophie for a long time. It describes her as an exceptional, interesting and talented person. For me 'Wanderlust' is like a breath of fresh air among many other latest releases.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2014"
8,"Everytime I listen to 'Wanderlust', I used to remember of a ballad. Sophie has a beautiful voice in all songs, with a highlight on the song 'Young Blood'. Also, I can see a mature woman that have so many stories to tell us... Even with a heart broken and with a fall in love.
Amazing and graceful.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2014"
4,"I feel like 3 major problems plague this album, and the first (and biggest) is the lyrics.  Look, I get not wanting to always be so serious with your subject matter & just having some fun once in a while.  Heck, he's already done that really well in the past.  But you know what the different was there?  He was actually TRYING.  There was actually some level of cleverness in the content. Meanwhile about 2/3 of this album is the same old odes to hedonism, arrogance & greed we've heard a million times in the hip hop genre, with nothing to add to it whatsoever.  And it's not like I have a complete bias against this brand of rap music, since some rappers know how to inject it with personality that can make these tales of debauchery distinctly enjoyable in their goofiness, humor, creativity & self-awareness.  Whereas here, B.o.B is simply half-assing it, with no witty punchlines to be found. Nothing is there to separate him from the crowd of moronic no-talent rappers talking about the exact same stuff, and some of the flows are just insultingly lazy.  The problem isn't that it's shallow, but that it's BORING.  This leads me to the 2nd problem: the features.  Speaking of these morons, 3 of them appear on this album: 2 Chainz, Future, and Chris Brown, who at this point have no excuse for having careers, and they do nothing but embarrass themselves once again.  Future doesn't even do a verse on Ready, but rather he sings the hook, and it's even worse than that concept already sounds.  The 3rd problem is the production.  I might be able to tolerate these songs if they at least came with B.o.B's unique musicianship & great ear for beats, but nope.  Instead this album is dominated by empty, bland & generic trap beats that have absolutely nothing to offer sonically or melodically.
Fortunately, there are a few great moments scattered throughout the track list.  Basically, here B.o.B is going to completely different extremes, back & forth between fantastic songs that showed him successfully experimenting with & developing his sound & awkwardly forced swag-&-sex brag-rap.  A better title for this album would be B.o.B's Identity Crisis, since he seems to have no idea what he wants to be anymore, and contradicts himself left & right morally.  Case in point: Nobody Told Me & Coastline both deal with the strain fame puts on personal relationships & his own mental well-being, saying that what the hedonistic life he leads could cause nothing but harm.  But then he turns around on the next song obnoxiously bragging about his wealth & telling all the girls in the club to twerk on his dick, with no remorse or self-awareness whatsoever.  On a purely positive note though, John Doe interestingly tackles both that first fame topic and the hypothetical one of if this lifestyle led him to alcoholism.  Paper Route touches on important political issues like governmental corruption & what they do to ruin musicians who try to be outspoken about certain world issues.  One Day sincerely details B.o.B's rise from a low-class childhood to his successful current life, which All I Want also tries to do but really just spends half being absurdly greedy & half clumsily trying to justify it through mentioning that past.  It's also worth mentioning that these better tracks have far better production & more organic, layered instrumentation.
The last thing I want to talk about is why exactly a change like this would take place, and to me there are 4 possible reasons.  1: this is all sincere & he's just become an egotist douche, which I really hope isn't the case. 2: he's run out of real stuff to talk about & he's just pumping out albums for money.  3: the easy assumption, that he's selling out to the mainstream after a near-bombed sophomore album.  This would be easy to believe, but you've gotta think about what exactly the mainstream is right now.  Nowadays the crap like what's on this album peaks at around #30 at highest, as shown by the dismal performance of this album's singles.  And considering guest appearances by rappers like Future, who aren't too well-known in the mainstream.  Which leads to my 4th theory: he sold out to hip hop fans.  Let me explain: the general reaction to a B.o.B story on rap news sites from what I've seen consists of people whining that he's soft or poppy or cheesy.  What I think happened is that he got worried about his perception in the rap game, and now he's doing everything in his power to become some tough-guy wannabe.  But as shown by the fan reaction to this change in direction, it's backfiring, and now rather than getting more respect in the underground, he's just getting less respect everywhere.
Top 5 tracks: Coastline, One Day, Paper Route, John Doe, Nobody Told Me
Score: 48/100
(For a longer more detailed review, go to my Facebook page That Not-Elitist Music Fan.)",3,4,"Jan  4, 2014"
7,"I liked the sound of this album, almost Outkast-ish with his eclectic use of sound, although a bit too much singing for my taste and not enough lyrical output, sort of speak. I liked about half of the songs on the album tho.' Overall not his best album but better than most of the sh*t out today.",0,1,"Jan 12, 2014"
3,"I just really don't know why B.o.B decided to sell out. the Adventures of Bobby Ray was just a masterpiece, with some meaningful songs, clever lyrics, catchy tunes, Underground Luxury is just filled with your generic gangster rap about sex, weed, and money. That along with pathetic attempts at boasting makes one wonder, when did B.o.B stop being an artist, and start being an entertainer?",0,1,"Oct  7, 2014"
8,"Yes B.o.B has changed and he has more meaningless songs, but there are still many highlights on this album that make it worth listening to. The songs paper route, nobody told me, one day, coastline, back me up, and John Doe still have great lyrics and message. Songs like read and headband may drag it down a bit but overall it is still mostly the old bob with some added club tracks In there.",0,1,"Jan 10, 2014"
10,"I overall enjoyed each and every song on this album. Its another album with a variety of music and genres. I have been a fan of B.o.B for quite a few years, and he has always put out straight up rap, and he has always put out stuff that isn't as much of hip-hop. People are giving him hate because they haven't seen too much rap/trap B.o.B.
Personally, I think this deserves album of the year, and should not be slept on.
-a loyal fan",0,2,"Jan 21, 2014"
1,"This album is BUNK. It is TERRIBLE.  With this album B.O.B. has forsaken all the things that made him stand above the rest. Lyrics that just talk about money, rims and hoes.  Beats with no class (reminiscent of lil john or waka flacka) and no style. I was so excited for his third album and in the end will probably never even give it another listen. I hesitate to say that B.O.B. has sold out but this album makes a very good case for the selling out argument. Maybe he just bumped his head or was krunked when he recorded it. Lets hope he comes back strong with classic B.O.B. on his next album. DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM! IT IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY! If anything send B.O.B. messages of disappointment.",0,1,"Mar 21, 2014"
10,"Personally, i love this album and there are no weak track. It is better than i expected and their vocals sound so good on this record, plus the playfulness of the sound confidently executed. Moreover, most  of the songs are unquestionably lyrically superior than their previous albums. It is also good to know that they have co written most of the songs. Great great album. Therefore, definitely worth buying.",2,2,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"this album is just amazing i can't even describe how much i love it, it's just awesome. I'm so proud of these boys, our boys, they have never let me down and i know they never will.",2,2,"Dec  3, 2013"
5,"To be honest, being a Directioner, I was kind of disappointed with Midnight Memories. Although all the songs are good, only a few of them are really quite great. 'You And I' is definitely the stand out track on the album. Amazing song, amazing vocals. One Direction's vocals are really good on this album. I still think that - sorry, Directioners - Niall and Louis should have less solo parts. It's normal for a band that there are some brilliant singers and some good singers. Zayn and Harry are definitely the stand out vocals in One Direction and I think they should have more solo parts. Just listen to how Zayn sings in 'Half A Heart'. Wow.",2,2,"Feb 27, 2014"
10,"it's so much better than the pervious album it's very catchy and one of their best album i love the combination between pop and rock and i love alive it's so catchy",2,2,"Jan 29, 2015"
10,"In my opinion, this is without a doubt the best album they have ever made. Their sound has matured so much and they no longer sound like the stereotypical boy band. Immensely proud of them",1,1,"Dec 13, 2013"
10,"This album shows how the boys sound has matured, some songs are upbeat and catchy and some are more mature. They don't seem afraid to sing about love. This album is really good and the best one yet. I'm sure this isn't the last we hear from One Direction.",1,1,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"I really really like their new album, I think the songs are more mature and rocky.
It's such a good album and I don't understand any of you who gave it negative votes.
They have really grown and I'm so proud of them. Gotta love 'em!",1,1,"Dec  3, 2013"
8,"I like the new One Direction sound a lot! There is a lot of glam rock on Midnight Memories, performed with fun and energy. The boys love music and show business. Many songs bring a big smile on my face. I respect One Direction for this new direction. They remind me of the young Rolling Stones. All their voices blend very nicely, and its defenitely a beautiful vocal album as well.",1,1,"Dec 27, 2013"
9,"Admittedly, the album is a bit incoherent since the inspiration of the songs can go British folk rock, classic rock, and mainstream pop. However, what I particularly like with this album is that many of the songs here pay tribute to a wealth of musical genres dating back as far as the 60s through the 80s. The imprints of the likes of Simon and Garfunkel, Baba O'Reilly, Mumford and Sons, Def Leppard, Van Halen, the Script, Kiss, and the Beatles have made their imprints through their songs. It may disappoint some of those who have been enmeshed in auto-tuned and repetitive music, but it surely caught the attention and respect of the older generation who remains grounded on the classic songs.
As far as songs in the album are concerned, Little Black Dress, which to me teases us who the lass they are so smitten about, is to me the album's anthem that opens the floodgates for the younger generation to look into 70s and 80s punk rock while the Story of My Life and Happily can introduce our younger generation to the world of folk rock. Other noteworthy songs include Alive, Diana, Midnight Memories and Through the Dark.",1,1,"Dec 23, 2013"
10,"I really like this album and out of all three of their albums this is by far the best one. I think it's the best one partly because in some of the songs they ditched their pop sound but in some they kept it. The other reason that it's their best album is because of the slow songs on it. On their other albums I actually couldn't stand the slow songs but on this one I listen to them on repeat.  Now I am going to review each one of the songs.
Best Song Ever was the song of the summer for me, and it never gets old. It's such an upbeat party song that I always put on with my friends and we dance because ugh it's amazing ok.
Story of My Life came out shortly before the album and when I heard it I was instantly obsessed. It doesn't sound like anything they've ever done which makes it such a strong song by them and again, it will honestly never get old.
Diana was not my favorite song off the album, but it does make me smile and it's message is clear. It's definitely a catchy song. Fun to sing aloud to.
Midnight Memories actually made me so happy because when coming up with this song One Direction had a huge influence from rock music and that's what makes this sound so good.
You and I is my favorite song off the album; it's so emotional and raw and sounds so good. I can't stop listening to it and whenever it comes on it makes me smile.
Don't Forget Where You Belong is touching and at first I thought it was cheesy but then I really listened to the lyrics. It is really a very heartfelt song that makes you appreciate 'where you belong' more. It's a good song for graduation or something.
Strong is ugh my other favorite off the album and it's so perfect I can't even. There isn't really a way to talk about this song while giving it the credit it deserves because it is such an amazing song.
Happily has a kind of Mumford and Sons feel to it and it is definitely a special song. It's really happy and bubbly, and the lyrics say so much.
Right Now is not one of the standout songs but it is very, very good. Not much to say about it but its vibe is so positive and it makes me, I don't know about you, feel so happy.
Little Black Dress is my least favorite off the album, I feel like when all the guys sing together for the whole song it just doesn't work. I still like it because the tune is catchy but it can get kind of old when I've played it so many times, unlike the other songs on the album.
Through the Dark is another Mumford and Sons influenced song and like Happily it conveys a message that people are there for you in your darkest times of need. It is a feel good song and whenever you are down and need some support I would listen to this song.
Something Great is also not much of a standout but I really do love this song. One Direction sings this song slowly which makes it all the more powerful.
Little White Lies makes me plain happy. When I'm with my friends, one of us just has to say, 'if this room was burning' and we all belt this song out. It's very pop but that is what 1D is so it's easy to love.
Better than Words is an amazing song and actually all the lyrics to it are names of songs. It describes how love is better than words can describe and it is fun to listen to.
Alive is a bonus track, and it is very rock influenced. The message it tries to convey is a bit confusing but it's so catchy and makes you want to get up and dance which is a plus.
Half a Heart is another bonus track if you buy the deluxe version or whatever, and it's a really moving song about how when this girl is away they feel like a part of them is missing. I absolutely love this song because it's slow, and as I mentioned earlier the slow songs in this album are the best and can never get old.
Overall, this album is such a fun one to listen to and makes you feel so happy because, as One Direction does so well, it makes every teenage girl feel like they are being sung to personally.",1,1,"Jan 22, 2014"
8,"I'm of the fans of One D, and it's obvious that I like their songs in their three albums, which was released on 2011, 2012 and last year. For me, this year's One D album is definitely a catchy one, especially the songs You and I, Story of My Life, Midnight Memories, Diana and Best Song Ever. I feel hurt when someone is trying to criticize them, saying that their songs are 'not catchy, confusing, not memorable' and all the like. But when I think all of these criticisms, there are some points that they're correct. Fellow Directioners don't hate me, but sometimes I find the other songs 'not very mature' and as they say, 'not memorable'. But in whole, I like 'Midnight Memories', as much as I liked their two previous albums. Another two thumbs up for One Direction. But I want to suggest, maybe their circle of songwriters must write more straight-to-the-heart songs (i.e. Story of My Life. I love it very much), and they must look upon everything. Again, two thumbs up, and good job One Direction. :)",1,1,"Apr 23, 2014"
8,"Best album of the boy band, few songs on it are bad and they show why they are doing so successfully with great vocals.
Highlights: Happily and storng
Lows: Something Great and Does He Know",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
7,"This is lowkey their best record, such a heavy change but a chance to get back the #1 spots the rock direction it's a clever choice this time they choose to have a personal record and not another mainstream one just for the label deal. The songwriting is exceptionally good and most of the songs are composed by the group, the sound is another thing actually very 21st century with old age mix, the highlights? Diana, You And I (the vocals are basically their best effort in years) and Best Song Ever which claims their 2nd best trinity in 4 albums and remains 1 of the best bops and videos of the year. Even though I personally don't like 1D this album is not that bad and deserves a good review this time",1,1,"Mar 14, 2015"
10,"Midnight Memories is one of the best boyband albuns.. there was a vocal evolution!! this is the best album of one direction and the most mature album",3,4,"Nov 27, 2013"
5,"Album is full of catchy hooks. But they try too hard to sound mature and sometimes steal from other real bands. These guys have a long way to go if they want respect from men musically.",8,12,"Feb 18, 2014"
10,"Es el mejor album que he escuchado de One Direction, es muy entretenido, muy bailable tambien, es uno de los mejores del ao, sin duda se esforzaron mucho esta vez, tiene grandes canciones con maravillosas letras",2,3,"Nov 28, 2013"
7,"I'm neither a fan nor a hater. I enjoy their music as long as it sounds good. Some of their stuffs have been praiseworthy, in my opinion, like More than This, Little Things, and One Thing. I didn't expect anything different from their third album at all, especially with Best Song Ever as the lead single. It was just sooo generic and formulaic. But when Story of My Life was released, I felt like they've really matured to come this far and have really grown up as a group of artists. The albums is a little bit anticlimactic though for me as some songs appear to be very similar sonically. However, I'd still recommend the album for anyone looking for entertaining sound with light materials.",2,3,"Nov 29, 2013"
0,"This album is a real trash. I hope the boy bands disappear in the near future, because the young girls need GOOG music. Multiple tracks of the CD is a plagiarism of the work of other artists.",2,3,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"Their best album yet..they have matured and so has their music.  'Little Black Dress' was recorded 70's style...band, group all in one room in one take.,, very impressive.",2,3,"Dec  4, 2013"
6,"I cannot sayit is not good, because it is, but a lot of songs  don't catch me. There are tracks that remember me why I really like One Direction, but there are other ones that disappointed me too. the lyrics of some songs are better that in the last two albums, but I cannot get used to the new sounds. 'Diana'  and 'Strong' are one of the best. Tracks like 'Little White Dress' or 'Little White Lies' don't like me at all.",3,5,"Dec  1, 2013"
10,"Its one of the best albums of the year its a little bit different of the other two. but with this album 1D again show us why they start to be so important in music industry",10,18,"Nov 25, 2013"
8,"Midnight Memories sees One Direction make a surprisingly assured shift into a range of more mature sounds without losing any of the playfulness or balladry that distinguished the better offerings from their first two albums. Its just as addictive, with least 10 of the 14 tracks capable of making good radio singles. While the mixture of styles is quite unexpected, after a number of listens through you realise the songs are yoked together by a common theme. The core writing was clearly in the hands of commercially reliable experts, the boys lyrical contributions have ensured this is an album all about them and where they find themselves today (with plenty of scope to read between the lines on a number of love songs). Whats less pleasing is that so much of it sounds derivative  its like a tour through Billboard 2012 with 80s flashbacks thrown in. The One Direction boys are growing up, but theyre yet to find their own sound. That will come in time, and Im really looking forward to seeing where these five adorable idiots (as they call themselves) take us next.",6,12,"Nov 25, 2013"
10,"This shows how these boys matured within three short years. Their voices have grown deeper and so have their songs. No longer are they singing sweet little pop songs, to the exception of 'Best Song Ever', of course. Some lines are a bit random, but otherwise the songs are nice. I have to be honest, I am a super fan. It doesn't matter because I'd love it anyways. The music is in a wide range too, which is interesting. Another thing is to keep in mind the target audience, since most negative reviewers are males(FACT.). I'm sure others may not enjoy it because it's by these boys, but just give it a try. I'm also proud of the boys having more parts within these songs, Louis has credits for nine songs! I also like that Louis and Niall have more sing more in this album since they all have very unique voices. They really do have talent, and they deserve some credit. Anyways, these boys have done a good job, all and all. I hope the fourth album will come out soon, haha.",3,6,"Nov 28, 2013"
10,"After two albums of One Direction trying to find their sound, Midnight Memories proves that this is the sound they have been looking for. This album is very guitar driven and makes for a great start to end listen. I look forward to hearing more from these guys in the future.",3,6,"Dec  1, 2013"
10,"I just like the album. I think it has is an interesting mix and I can't wait to hear more of the boys. Love them or hate them... The album is much better than expected.",2,4,"Dec  1, 2013"
2,"Well I just listened to this album because Made in the AM is going to be released soon and I wanted tocheck their style.. al I have to says is that they tried to be rock and they're more pop than Katy Perry. STOP PLEASE. Why the **** are they so popular.. there are better artists, young audience. I hope their new album will be better...",2,4,"Oct 15, 2015"
5,"'Midnight Memories' would be a better album if it were the first, the bad luck of it, it came right after 'Take Me Home' which in any aspect is better.
Most often, here, the error is the same that dominates the 'Up All Night', alone, the vocals flow, but together, do not work.",3,9,"Nov 27, 2013"
0,"One more  from The X Factor, seems like if it's not enough to embarrass themselves on the show, Simon Cowell decides to make the world a worst place propagating their noise. With mediocre songs and a less charisma than a sponge, the band can't be compared even to a child making noise, much less with The Beatles, the biggest band in music  history.
One Direction released in the USA three albums in a row, making Rihanna and her annual album seems less desperate. And what i can say about the songs? Nothing more than ridiculous, like Best Song Ever with this pretentious name.
After listen the album i need just one direction, the Otolaryngologist.",2,6,"Dec  4, 2013"
10,"That album is just amazing!!!! I can't believe how great songs there are! Incredible. i think they are really grown up and their music too! You have to hear it you won't regret it",1,3,"Dec  4, 2013"
6,"There are around 18 songs on the Deluxe version but I can count in only one hand the number of songs which I think are worth listening to. We needed a One Direction evolution but what we are having right now is not just yet there.",1,4,"Nov 30, 2013"
2,"Al though, it had 16 tracks, most of them were plain boring except for the singles which were catchy. It is too rocky and common sounding lately therefore I am giving this low rating. Though, I loved the name of the album, it is wonderous. So, the album was a money waster and not worth it.",3,14,"Nov 26, 2013"
0,"midnight memories? shattered memories! this 'album' (that i listened for error, a fatal error) is the worst nightmare of my life! and i'm a ungrammatical spaceship! now tell me why those five (they're five?) 'singers' (who makes the music?) are soo famous.... music is going to die.",1,5,"Dec  6, 2013"
0,"Um lbum comum e tentativa de continuar em alta no ligando pra qualidade musical, tanto  que mistura refres previsveis a sonoridade comum na musica teen com letras mais comuns ainda.",2,11,"Nov 27, 2013"
0,"unfortunately its not a good album, it is very superficial and weak, there is not good vibes and influences,, its very cliche and not good, the songs arent great, its worse than take me home and up all night, so its not a good evolution for them, certainly one direction is walking in a wrong way.",1,8,"Dec  2, 2013"
0,"Sounds like an album of rejected songs from their previous album, Take Me Home. Nothing new. The only bearable song to listen to is 'Alive,' which sadly is only a bonus track.",1,8,"Nov 29, 2013"
0,"One Direction continue to shamelessly kill music. They represent what's wrong with music today and still can't even write their derivative pop crap on their own. Though like all groups like them they will be irrelevant in a year or two.",1,9,"Dec  3, 2013"
0,"My goodness, what a pathetic album. I could tell just by previewing each of the tracks on iTunes (each preview is around 90 seconds) that I wasn't going to like it at all. If you're a boy band, it's going to be really hard to move away from that sound, and 1D fails that transition here. Stick with the bubblegum pop and I'll give a 2 or a 3 next time.",1,11,"Nov 28, 2013"
0,"Before the release of 4 this November, I have decided to review all 3 of One Direction's albums: the first review being this one: Midnight Memories. I have listened to it multiple times and I have my verdict of this album (as always):
I'm sorry Directioners, but it was one of the worst albums that I have ever heard.
Let's go through all of the songs shall we?
Best Song Ever: Wow, what a ripoff... the chords are like Baba O'Riley, in fact, THEY ARE! Lazy songwriting and just an overall annoying earworm...
Story of My Life: This one has strong songwriting (from Ed Sheeran), but just god-awful lyrics (why the hell are you talking about a girl here?) it was just a missed opportunity...
Diana: This was really lazy... Cliched throughout and once again, has weak songwriting (oh yeah, let's go for some electronic beats because it's the 21st century!).
Midnight Memories: Once again, an attempt to be like Queen (like last album's Rock Me) and once again, they FAILED... Is it really necessary to let the boys censor themselves? NO! Once again, cliched lyrics and just lazy song-writing (this is one of the laziest pop-rock songs ever written)
You & I: Many listeners say that this is the highlight of the album, of which I would disagree... Let me explain: Firstly, I feel that the songwriting here is very cliched and boring as well as the somewhat lack-lustre lyrics...
I feel like the other songs are just not very good to be reviewed (either poor songwriting, poor lyrics and laziness in general)
Final Verdict: 0.5/10: One Direction are maturing, but not the right way, learning to write lazy songs with cliched lyrics (songs about girls, songs about love etc.).
BONUS REVIEW: Steal My Girl: 7/10: The instrumentals are much better, uplifting, atmospheric pop music, but as they are mainstream, I expect the lyrics to be pretty lacklustre... they're good at best (I got it all / 'cause she is the one / Her mom calls me 'love', / Her dad calls me 'son', / Alright (alright) ) but at worst, well, they're cliched!",0,2,"Nov 10, 2014"
10,"I actually really loved the album more than their previous. Their singles (with the exception of Best Song Ever) were very well written, catchy and sweet. Tracks that were absolutely catchy and great to me were Happily, Strong and I also loved Don't Forget where you Belong. You get an indie-alt vibe to some of their tunes and others you can hear the oldies rock influence and since I'm a fan of those I really enjoyed this album. Not to mention they have great voices especially, Zayn, Harry and Liam. One of the best pop acts to me.",0,1,"Oct 12, 2014"
10,"My favorite album, I do not why this note, this album is the best. WHY 5.0? They merit 10,because this album is the best. if you don't like, won't come to write here",0,1,"Apr 24, 2015"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,1,"May  4, 2015"
0,"in one word : Alive Catastrophe. I don't think any music can get worse. WOW oh my god this is so bad. Soooo Bad. First I have to say that I despise boy bands in general but that is not because I think this is sooo bad. It's because it's 0 artistry. full of terrible lyrics. no direction and point. Just a bunch of songwriters and composers trying to compile a bunch of stupid lyrics and catchy tunes to temptate girls and women. A band (?) that does not even write their music and a group of performers that produce utter sh*t. Wow I am devastated. this was utter musical disaster.",0,1,"Jun 11, 2015"
1,"eard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstrehjjjjj",0,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"melhooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooores idoloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooos do mundoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo",0,1,"Oct 26, 2015"
6,"It's honestly not as bad as I expected, but it's also nothing particularly special. I'm no fangirl/boy but I am also no hater. I can take it for what it is, a fun pop album with nothing great and nothing terrible at the same time. Pretty much in the middle.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2015"
8,"Nov 26, 2013 - I was very excited for this album as i have been a fan of One Direction since the X Factor days. I liked both of their previous albums and had high hopes for Midnight Memories which i can say after listening to a couple of times is pretty good as well. Though it feels a little rushed since they have released 3 albums in the past three years, this album definitely does not disappoint. Its not their best work to date since i personally like their debut album, Up All Night, the most but Midnight Memories does deserve a 9/10. All the guys sound great and gel very well together...with a great new sound and an array of catchy tracks this album is well thought out proving that One Direction are here to stay.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
0,"Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay vvvGay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay",0,0,"Apr 29, 2015"
0,"With One Direction I didn't think their albums could get worse but there it is they did and this is shambolic at best. At times this album makes me ashamed to be British and very little achieves that feat.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing!! One Direction maked a big big big change in their style and in the music. This is my favourite! I'm not surprised that it was the most sold in the UK in 2013...",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"This album is different than the other two, but it's better. It's more pop rock. I really love this album. This album has a little bit of folk too. Some dance songs, some romantic songs, is amazing how they can do different songs.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2014"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO melhor album da carreira, patro do Four memso, merecia verde tour, injustiado do pop",0,0,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"ESSES CRTICOS TEM DEMENCIA ESSE ALBUM  MARAVILHOSO, MELHOR DA CARREIRA, PISA MAIS ONED PISA MAIS, PQP  UM HINARIO TEEN CARALHO, OS VOCAIS TAO PISANDO DEMAIS, AS HIGH NOTE SENHOR JESUS, AMEI MUITO, MAS ODIEI O AMARELO TOUR, EXIJO RECONTAGEM E QUERO +70 PRA AGORA",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
10,"Best Song Ever: The song is fun, the vocals are sharp (Zayn's 7 second high note) but it possesses none of the individuality found later in the album. There's a sense of nostalgia, one day 'I hope you'll remember how we danced...' is going to mean a lot.
Story Of My Life:  Everyone sounds fantastic, all five contributed to the writing.  All the boys sell the downbeat lyrics.  Liam sounds particularly convincing midway through, Louis sounds equal parts forlorn and wistful.  The closing notes show how talented they all are.
Diana - An odd 80s throwback.  Sounds a bit too like Take On Me and since the band has revealed the song is about someone specific, but won't say who, the relatable factor is missing.
Midnight Memories - you can listen to the band recording this if you search youtube, they definitely didn't mean to rip off Def Leppard.  Oops.  The song is Best Song Ever II, fun, safe, goofy. Zayn hits another golden high note and Niall shows surprising strength.  Check out the X Factor USA performance.
You and I - the quintessential 1D ballad and Zayn high note.  Sounds like Avril's I'm With You in that it allows silence to also play an important role in creating tension and mood.  As with their Four album track Ready to Run, it's easy to view this as a possible queer anthem.  'We don't wanna be like them/They see things in a different light like us/They never tried like us'  Not saying it is, not saying it isn't.
Don't Forget - another song that probably relates more to 1Ds own personal journey but this one is better than Diana, more universal.  A standout track when performed live, probably because it's about being on tour, millions of miles from home.
Strong - a universal fan favourite for many reasons. Louis and Liam wrote it but another songwriter specified that Louis's specific intention was to go against the standard of men not being openly honest about emotion. 'I'm sorry if I say I need you/But I don't care/I'm not scared of love/There's nothing I'm running from/You make me strong'.  A beautiful love song Louis and Liam should be proud of for presenting to a legion of female fans who are constantly criticized for loving them and for a world that never lets men just be who they are.
Happily - the song sounds like happiness should but listen closely.  'We were meant to be but a twist of fate/Made it so we had to walk away'.  The narrator is asking his love to reconsider after leaving for someone else. If they get together, then they will simply 'be, so happily'. Folksy high energy track, sounds like I Will Wait by Mumford and Sons.
Right Now - another 'life on the road' song. Written with Ryan Tedder, he does well to construct that airy rock One Republic feel within the 1D sound.  Louis sounds wonderfully unusual at the beginning and Liam hits beautiful high notes.  Sometimes it's hard to critique their songs when everyone is so on point!
Little Black Dress - You can't tell me Mick Jagger hasn't secretly strutted around his dressing room to this one.  Pure rock, not a hint of pop here.  A deliberately repetitive jam session about a hot gal.  The highlight is the band having a blast in the background with screams, orgasmic groans and general ad-libs. So much fun.
Through The Dark - a carefully written song about helping someone through depressive symptoms.  It's about pulling someone through their own darkness, not by being their hero but by being there as they ride it out themselves.  Perfectly shows how 1D manages to sound honest with lyrics that'd be condescending sung by a band that didn't care the way they do.
Something Great - I was initially unimpressed. As it lyrically moped about with Harry drawling 'is it too much to ask for something great?' I kept wondering 'What's missing here?' There was a spark, a charm, a power that is just not on the majority of the track. That is, until he suddenly shows up for the song's twist ending: Louis. Louis is absent for the entire song until the final two lines and, I'm just gonna say it, he is framed as the person Harry is singing to. For all the rumors out there about Harry and Louis, the band themselves might've given it the most fuel for the fire yet.
Little White Lies - the problem with a group of men writing about sex is sometimes things can get lost in translation. I can tell by the yearning vocal performances and the epic slamming dubstep death drop that this is supposed to come across as an 'I want you so bad' bonanza. Instead it's kinda creepy. 'You wanna set some rules/Cool, we'll watch them break tonight'.  YIKES.  Lyrically, the song doesn't work.  Everything does in spades though.
Better Than Words - The highlight is the lyrics.  Liam came up with the idea to create a song from other song titles. It's about indescribably good sex, so good they need to use other people's words to get to the point.  Creative!  Sounds like a bubbly Max Martin-esque production. An odd choice for album closer.
Overall a solid album 8/10.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2015"
10,"I didn't like it, i think it is very incomplete, i needed something else in this album. Music very nasty, and boring, I hope that 1D get better as long as the time pass by.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"personally , i think that this album is their best , story of my life , diana , happily , and don't forget where you belong are the best songs in this abum really love it it's a mature sound",0,0,"Sep 23, 2015"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, it's beautiful",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
10,"I know most One Direction fans hate this album because it deviated so much from their traditional pop sound but this album was really a turning point for One Direction. Still, I loved it. The band really matured in their style and they didn't have that prim and polished look that most people knew them for on Take Me Home and Up All Night. Plus, this album had a nice rock edge to it.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"I don't understand why this had such a low score, when this is easily their best album. The ones after this are just repetitive, and boring (especially Made In The A.M.). The boys really showed growth with this album, it was easily their best era. Songs like 'Strong', 'Happily', 'Story Of My Life', 'Right Now' and 'You & I' shine on this album.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"This is a fantastic album and he not only looks better than Michael buble but sounds better too, check it out for yourself. A brilliant entertainer and singer.",3,3,"Dec 27, 2013"
10,"Robbie's back with the swing music, and here we can see a lot more of Robbie himself. The other one was more of him paying tribute to legends of swing. Fantastic and consistent.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
9,"Most of songs are written by the artist himself and, as usual, very personal. Playing with haters, fatherhood and other situations this sounds very fun and consistent, some songs like 'Shine My Shoes' are just brilliant. The vocals are way better than his 3 previously works too.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
5,"I love this type of music and the 'standards', so I have no problem with listening to yet another version of 'Putting on the ritz'. I also think Williams has a genuine love for the music and he does it well.
What I dislike (a lot) are his lyrics. The man is a smug egomaniac.  We are served massive doses of how hard is the life of a billionaire pop star, because the media take too much interest in in sexual orientation and his weight. Those are 'real' problems, not ours.... Thanks for sharing Williams, but you can rest assured: I care nothing about the way you look and who're you banging. I just listen to the music and try to ignore the words.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2014"
10,"This record is amazing. I can't stand the mixed or negative reviews this album gets when compared to the artistical 'crap' that was released by Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus or anybody else. The entire album is written, (co-)produced and 'done' by the artist not by a dozen of different songwriters or producers per track.
ARTPOP is a truely epic pop release this year, far beyond every other release by a 'high class artist'.",114,176,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"An amazing album from an amazingly talented artist.
Lady Gaga proves once again that she is one of the biggest players in the world of pop music. Excellent work.",36,56,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"ARTPOP is the spiritual successor to The Fame and The Fame Monster we have all been waiting for! While Born This Way was laden with songs about acceptance and expressing yourself, ARTPOP is jam packed with songs that are so infectious and fun, you can't help but want to strap on a pair of dancing shoes and hit the club.
Lyrically speaking, ARTPOP is a mixed bag. While not always Gaga's strongest material, you will find many influences spanning Leonoard Cohen in Dope and the B52s, (and an amazing nod to Sun Ra,) in Venus. Donnatella seems to be the weakest lyrically, but taking that song too seriously would be foolish; it's about as tongue and cheek as it gets.
I would have loved to give this album a perfect 10, but Gaga's only misstep was Jewels N Drugs; a track that I have deleted from my ARTPOP playlist and will simply pretend never happened. Please never do rap again, Miss Gaga! It is not your strong suit!
Overall, ARTPOP is a sonic confection and should be enjoyed by many, especially those of us who have been so fond of her antics for so long.",21,33,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"After 2 years Lady Gaga is back and better than ever! This album includes hints of all kinds of different genres but it all adds up to a perfect combination of ART and POP! Some songs you can dance forever to (Venus and Aura), some are some nice slower songs (Dope), and then there's songs that just get you all fired up (G.U.Y and Sexxx Dreams)!  Zedd's touch to songs like Aura and Sexxx Dreams is just perfect! And as always DJ White Shadow adds his perfection on songs like Gypsy and ARTPOP. In general the album is well rounded with a little of everything that creates an album worth putting on repeat for hours. This is a definite buy for your music collection!
My most favorite songs: G.U.Y, Sexxx Dreams, Swine, Donatella, Venus, Aura, Do What U Want, MANiCURE, and the rest of the album! :D",37,59,"Nov 11, 2013"
8,"Gaga at her best. Back to the fun dance tracks of The Fame Monster, catchy melodies and good lyrics. (GUY, Applause, Donatella) Also new style for her as the R&B flavoured Do What U Want with R. Kelly.
Great ballads and Gypsy as the Jewel of the album that will be a perfect single choice.",24,39,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Love it!! Don't know why it is receiving all the hate! It may not be her best album but it is still very good!! My favourite songs are G.U.Y. And sexxx dreams",30,49,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Great Album, Probably Her Best, I can't Believe That Some People Would Give it a score Below 7.
Keep on the Great work GaGa.
.........................",22,37,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"This album gives me a BRAND NEW,FRESH experience about ART and POP! I'm not dare to say a breakthrough in POP music but it is certainly something fresh and an absolutely great experience in listening to this album... Suggested that the lyrics of ARTPOP(song) is amazing and the other songs' lyrics are also inspiring!!! I just dance with the tracks!!!!!",29,49,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"ARTPOP, a record name that sounds both intriguing and worrying at the same time. At first i feared an overly pretentious or self-indulgent record  la born this way. But i can happily confirm that is none of those things. The album dances on a fine line in between euro-pop, electro and house, yet it manages to not come of as overly cold or distant. The production of this record is simply mesmerizing, Madeon, Zedd and DJWS actually did a great job. (especially DJWS who proved me wrong after all the misfires on BTW). I'll give you a short track by track review:
1) aura: messy, disjointed and sounds like it isn't finished nor polished... Great chorus though. 4/10
2) venus: great hooks, yet it feels like they tried to put too much into one song, yet i don't hate it! 8/10
3) G.U.Y: lush production, excellent clubbing song and great bridge. 9.5/10
4) sexxx dreams: sounds like an instant hit and a classic gaga song. 9/10
5) jewels and drugs: i'm still trying to process this one, yet i think i kind of like it?! not sure though  7/10
6) manicure: great song, great hooks, great verses  this is pop music done right. 10/10
7) Do what you want: smooth, tropical and juicy hooks. 9/10
8) ARTPOP: Mysterious, and a little bit boring... 6/10
9) Swine: clubbing anthem, overall great, but at times a bit clunky. 8.5/10
10) Donatella: cool jam, great chorus, however lyrics tend to be a bit cringe-worthy.: 9/10
11) fashion!: a record filler, not a terrible one at that, but filler nonetheless.: 5/10
12) Mary Jane Holland: High, trashy and brilliant. 9.5/10
13) Dope: excellent, toned-down power ballad in the way only she could do. 9/10
14) Gypsy: pure and utter euphoria.: 10/10
15) applause: weak, boring and overly narcissistic.: 5/10
- album pro's: excellent vocals, powerful hooks, beautiful production and overall a fun dance record!
- album contra's: it's hit-or-miss lyrics and the name... this is excellent pop but let's face it, this isn't art.",20,34,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Many reviews tend to judge Lady Gaga according to her past  they have this expectation that she's supposed to release conventional pop music as she did with her first two albums. ARTPOP however, according to Gaga, is an attempt to step out of the box that the pop music genre forces you into. I am here to tell you that this album is the most daring album yet by Lady Gaga and achieves that very thing she has set out to do  which is step out of that conventional pop genre box!
The album starts off with Aura  just the first 20 seconds will assure you that there's absolutely no song in the history of pop music that has dared to go where this song has gone! You have Gaga laughing along to some kind of guitar chromatic scale which screams insanity but it is exciting and sure to displace you to an Art Rave dance floor in Egypt while sexy Burqa clad ladies dance along to the beat!
Other notable mentions in this album include the title track, Artpop, which feels like it starts off underwater and gradually progresses to take you to the stars. This has become a song that Gaga's fans listen to in the dark and with their eyes shut  it is simply beautiful! Think tender soothing beats that makes you want to shift from an external presence to a deep internal presence.
Swine is the epitome of Electronic Dance Music (EDM) as pop! While many typical pop fans might not get it, or even understand this type of music, the usual raver, or EDM lover will simply love it! It is exciting and definitely one of the best EDM tracks ARTPOP has to offer that will definitely rock the dance floor! Catchy insane lyrics include 'I know, I know, I know you want me  You're just a pig inside a human body'.
Dope, a song about addiction and love, is beautifully written and produced by legendary Rick Rubin. The song has undoubtedly become one of Gaga's best ballads to date  up there with Speechless and You and I. This song describes a need for someone, a true love, even more than your strongest addiction i.e. dope. This song is definitely amongst the top three tracks on this album. Haunting, raw and imperfect!
Whatever said and done, Gaga will always be the subject of criticism. Everyone wants her to be what they think she should be  but ARTPOP shows us yet again, you can never truly define her. The critics, the charts, the Pop genre, all of these things as culture, cannot cue her. She cues culture!
I give this album a 10/10, or a 0/10, or an undefined number  10. This album cannot be judged as a Pop album. It simply cannot! It is multi-genre and simply more than just a music album. I give it a 10/10 for courage and what it is doing for pop music!",19,33,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"While Born This Way may have been a more cohesive pop album, clearly trying to blend 80s rock and electronic pop to varying degrees of success, for some, it just didn't hit the same pleasure center of her earlier albums.
Born This Way featured some of Gaga's best songs, and best songwriting to date (Marry the Night, Schiesse, Hair, Edge of Glory) but was seen as being dragged down by all of its artistic pretensions and messaging.
Gaga herself stated that her previous record was an attempting at being mature, and ARTPOP is her allowing herself to be a bit immature.  Through that lens it is easy to understand ARTPOP's mission: to make you dance.
And so ARTPOP comes with a much higher ratio of outright bangers, all reminding us of the dizzying diversity of her musical influences as she genre-trips through the album's 60 minutes.
This is a fun, immature pop album which, while perhaps empty of meaningful commentary, was designed to be exactly that.  They are vague allusions to high art, but she really just wants you to dance again.
Is it a musical regression? Not quite.  Gaga experiments with a far broader spectrum of genres than before (even a respectable attempt at electro-trap) and has incorporated new influences that should fuel interesting developments in her future albums, when her career is in a place that allows for even more musical experimentation.
Meanwhile, she has added another batch of career defining jams to her cannon, and has shown that even though she is clearly moving in a direction that responds to some of her more recent criticisms, she is still, without a doubt, her own woman.",20,35,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"'ARTPOP' is the biggest album we had this year!!  It is complete pop music album released in a very long time! IT SCREAMS ICONIC! Obviously, It's Gaga's best album in her 5-year long career! The album is a masterpiece and I am here to tell you how!
Starting with the first track of the album i.e. 'Aura'...This song is one of the most iconic EDM songs ever! The reason of it being an iconic EDM track is that it's the most unique EDM track I've ever heard! Lyrically, yes a bit controversial, but the lyrics are fine!  Vocally, it's one of Gaga's best  Zedd has done an amazing work on the production!
From 'Aura'..The album moves to one of the weakest moments in the album. The second song on the tracklist 'Venus' which was earlier rumoured to be Gaga's second single from the album. The best thing in the song is it's production and the amazing thing is that Gaga produced the track herself. Though, I loved the production only. Lyrically  Vocally, it's not as good as other tracks on the album. But still it's filler at it's best!
Moving towards the 3rd track on the playlist..'G.U.Y.'  The opening intro to the song alone suggests us that it's the best track on the album! The song is one of the highlights of the album  one of Gaga's best so far! The verses are amazing, pre-chorus is amazing and the chorus is superb! Lyrically, the song is great..you would love to sing it!  Vocally, also, it's great! Good production too!
After 'G.U.Y.'...album takes us to the best track on the record!..Sexxx Dreams.... Even the best track out of Gaga's discography! The reason it's the best is the song's lyrics..it's production..Gaga's vocals. With all it's Janet-esque, the song becomes a legendary masterpiece! A few day earlier..I was really depressed that where the pop music has lost. Even 'Born this way' failed to do so. the only complete pop song in the album is 'The Edge Of Glory'. But Sexxx Dreams tells us that Lady Gaga is the best popstar alive we have today! The music is different..and that's what makes it ICONIC...totally!
Then 'Jewel N' Drugs' where Gaga makes her debut effort in hiphop! The song is good but not that good as compared to the rest of the album
The next on the tracklist is MANiCURE...A bit of pop  A bit of rock  Gaga's rockstar vocals  A ROCKING ROCK SONG! The song has good production  good lyrics but the best thing in the song is Gaga's vocals!! Good Song!
'Do What U Want', the 7th track on the album! Among the top 4 tracks on the albumVocally, It's Gaga's best song! Lyrically, it's great! and production is fine!! It reminds me of MJ!!! Thank God! It's the second single and 'Venus' is not!
The album leads us to the title track of the album!! 'ARTPOP' It's thrilling and pulsating! A good title track for the album.
'Swine' a crazy pop song with great synths  Gaga's killing vocals! Gaga has done a good job on the track vocally!! GOOD!
'Donnatella' is amazing too, Vocally and Lyrically! Production could have been a little more good! Otherwise..it's good and can be treated as a single!
'Fashion!' This also one of the weakest on the album..but it's still good! this is the only will.i.am production I like! It's different from others! Lyrics are good! Will.I.Am's vocals in the song are also good!!
'Mary Jane Holland'..One of the highlights on the album with it's crazy production and tasty Gaga vocals! Bridge is also good! Chorus is catchy!
'Gypsy'..This song is among the top 4 on the album! It's Gaga's best ballad in my opinion! Gaga has shown her lyrical geniusness on the song!! Catchy!!! Should be treated as a single with a memorable video!!
'Applause' The last track on the album which was released as album's lead single!! Good Song!! But  still comes in the bottom 5 on the album...Though it's really good pop song with a catchy chorus!!
Top 5  Sexxx Dreams, Gypsy, Do What U Want, G.U.Y., Aura/ARTPOP
Bottom 5  Jewel N' Drugs, Fashion!, Venus, Applause..and sorry Dope too but it's one of Gaga's best piono ballad!!
Crazy Album! It sets an example for other pop singers who are creating that same old  Lady Gaga may or may not be redefining Pop music with this album but she's definitely setting an example before other popstars!!",21,37,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"Unlike Lady Gaga's previous albums, ARTPOP aims not to establish universal ideas but aims at a more personal approach. The removal of generics from the album makes the album less accessible but it shows Gaga at her most personal. The EDM influenced album will get you dancing, but strays away from the mainstream. Top tracks include the dominating G.U.Y., the power anthem Gypsy, the sleazy Sexxx Dreams and the homage track Donatella. But the album does suffer minor hiccups such as the title track which placed in the centre of the track list throws the pace of the record swerving the thumping banger beats to a slow psychedelic one. All together Lady Gaga has produced a body of work that reigns over fellow popstress Katy Perry, in the fact that each track is an experiment where new things and ideas are brought to the table.",22,39,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"I was very anxiously for ARTPOP and it definitely did not disappoint. It is an amazing album...one of the best of the year. Lady Gaga is back and better than ever and even though its not what she called as 'album of the millennium' or very different from her previous effort, Born This Way, i still love it and have each and every track on replay. Along side PRISM, Yours Truly and a few others, ARTPOP is surely one of my favorite albums of 2013. I am a huge fan of Gaga and this album really lives up to  my expectations. My personnel favorites include Mary Jane Holland, G.U.Y, MANiCURE, Gypsy and Fashion.",18,32,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"By naming this album something as pretentious and grandiose as 'ARTPOP', Gaga is already setting herself up to be bashed, and on this album I don't think she has enough 'ART' in the music to match the 'POP'. But what I did when listening to this album was ignore the pretense and her ham-fisted attempt to be viewed as pop's answer to Salvador Dali, and I really enjoyed it.
Sure, there are a few  and fillers (Donatella, Jewels and Drugs), but when listening from start to finish, the album has a surprising coherency and makes more sense. The decision to put Aura as the opening track was something that I immediately worried about, but it worked as an opener, and Applause, which might seem like a mediocre pop song as a standalone track, worked phenomenally well as an album closer.",19,34,"Nov 11, 2013"
3,"I gave it a few points because there are a handful of songs that qualify as 'pop' and are decent... though probably just good, not great. I generally like GaGa as an entertainer, but this album is a disappointment and definitely doesn't live up to the name in my opinion.  It's overproduced, and the lyrics are uninteresting and not shocking.  GaGa's voice could be replaced with just about anyone's on most of the tracks and it wouldn't make a bit of difference.  Sadly, GaGa hasn't lived up to her own hype on this one.  Maybe on her next album, she'll return to her roots--a voice & lyrics-driven album.",16,29,"Nov 12, 2013"
10,"The best pop album I have heard all year. It's loud, bold, risky and for me it totally pays off. In fact, it's one of the few albums that I can listen to from start to finish without skipping a single song.  I can't wait to see what she does next!",19,36,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Haters please forget Gaga, why you keep on stalking her and commenting in very page she figures, why  why why !!if you don't like her then stop following her, it's your oppinion we all respect ok..no one will force you like her but at least be respectful, polite reasonable and conscious...
i hope god will punish yo for your lack of honesty, ok you you don't like the album... but puting 0/10 is so not true..
also 10/10 from me is exagerated, but i have to do that to equalise the balance.. are you getting paid to spend 24/24 hours on every site where her name figures to say sh*t about her??
you honestly are not normal people you all suffer from a mental disorder that's obvious, hating an aritst is fine but a normal equlibred person will NEVER spend the day commenting and rating 0/10 saying false things, a normal person will not post an article to encourage people not to buy album but to download it illegally just pretexting to put her down, your dream will never be true dears, you're just some dirty parasites i hope you wake up one day ...
and P.S  he album is good except 2 or 3 songs, i play it entierly, and i really think it contains better music than other pop albums this year i would gibe it 8.5/10",15,30,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"I really enjoyed listening to this album. I even replayed this several times this day, and I still get the same excitement I got the first time I listened to it. This is purely an art mixed with music.
I doubt it if this one flops (which is so impossible). Lady Gaga did really unveil the girl behind the Aura. She delivered every song with thrill and passion. Congratulations Mother Monster. May ARTPOP be the album of the year.....",17,35,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"It seems Gaga has gathered up a lot of haters and they seem to be giving a 0 based on their critique of her rather than the album, its a shame but i guess this is the price paid for being the biggest pop star on the planet. This is album is amazing, the way she has combined different genres and combined different sounds within one concept really shows effort on her part. Particularly enjoyed Gypsy which way be one of her best songs to date.",16,33,"Nov 11, 2013"
3,"You will not find a bigger Gaga fan than me.  I will buy a magazine just because it has her face on it and I can add it to my collection.  I will annoy my Facebook friends with more news than they would ever care to hear.  I will buy the most expensive concert ticket possible to be up close.
Which is why it pains me to say ARTPOP isn't very good.  We've been waiting 2 1/2 years for a new Gaga album and what we got instead was Zedd's new album featuring Gaga.
She showed in 'Born This Way' that she wasn't purely going to be a pop princess.  She began showing her rock n' roll side, started to venture into more aggressive beats and showed growth as an artist.  This approach was met with mixed reactions.  Many people felt betrayed because she was no longer focused on just making pop music with catchy hooks, where others felt it was her growing into what she was meant to be.
ARTPOP takes a step backward and is almost purely a techno/trance album.  You get overpowering beats that just come off as messy.  When you hear the lyrics, they are boring and the same across nearly every song.  So much of the album is a plea to the listener 'I am super sexual and I want you to see me as a sex icon'.  I encourage female artists to explore their sexuality, lord knows American society needs women in control of it, but I don't want every song to be about it.
There is very little this album offers to fans or non fans alike.  I personally think Aura, Applause and Swine are strong entries but most everything else is forgettable.
Pay close attention to the reviews you read.  Many reviews are just hatred of Gaga without any substance and others are pure love that would never think anything Mother Monster do could be bad.  I still love Gaga but this album just doesn't do her talent justice.
2 1/2 years until the next try I guess.",18,42,"Nov 11, 2013"
1,"Lady Gaga is good at writing catchy, generic hooks, but her songs and lyrics lack substance. ARTPOP is very disappointing, dreary and overproduced.
I'm waiting for her to proove her claims and grace us with something truly artistic, adventurous and less contrived than this uninspired, generic album.",18,43,"Nov 11, 2013"
2,"The record just seems an extension of her previous album, Two years developing an album which already sounds outdated is just not interesting. The crazy outfits and talking about other artists is the only thing that would help to promote the album out of her fan-base. The album simply didn't reach the expectations Gaga herself created. You can't heavily promote an album as 'art' when the lyrics are simple and shallow. Better luck next time.",17,42,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"Pretentious. Don't have quality enough to cause an effect on pop. Repetition of her own previous works. A fail. A mess of sounds, non-sense lyrics, some good moments lost in a bunch of crap, more fillers than real good songs, maybe the only exception is Artpop track. Fashion is a stupid rip off from Let's dance.",26,68,"Nov 11, 2013"
3,"This album is terrible.  I have all the previous albums AND went to both concerts and have to express my sincere apologies to the credit card for purchasing this contrite and terribly noisy album. Putting the word 'art' in the title doesn't mean you can take the world for granted.  There are 3 (hence 3/10) okay songs  but even those are very average and lacking much depth.  Poor gaga is struggling under the weight of her own fame and ego...has to wear Versace and confesses she is a drug head...have pity on her...the main themes of the album.",15,41,"Nov 11, 2013"
1,"Beats generic and over, two words to define 'artpop' certainly this was by far the worst job and will be Lady Gaga's, and Zedd's as a producer was not to be expected a good job as it was 'The Fame', very noisy and dirty, all tracks or talk about sex or drugs, a bad example, this would be the kind of album that would not buy even for  0.99.",28,87,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"This album is just another proof that Lady Gaga is losing her touch. The hooks are weaker, the melodies are slimmer, the lyrics are at their peak meaninglessness. A complete disappointment and a sign of regression of a fading star.",18,56,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Es un gran album, muestra toda la electronica en su mejor produccion no tan exagerada en sonidos fuertes, no es como Born This Way, este album es mas electronico.",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
7,"Gaga's unique way of mixing parallel genres proves her denial to be compared with any other pop singer, even though ARTPOP's pretentious nature results in a superficial yet well-structured sequel to Born This Way.",3,3,"May 21, 2014"
9,"By fist listen you might be thinking 'some of the tracks are amazing, some are not so amazing, right?' That's what I felt the first time I heard all of ARTPOP. Being a major fan of Gaga's other work I was pumped and ready to listen to her most current album. Now when I listen to ARTPOP I realize that it's very easy to misjudge as I and many other critics did. ARTPOP truly is something different from Gaga but it's not a bad album. It still has so much creativity and amazing songs. Below is a track listing of ARTPOP with my score out of 10 for each song:
1. Aura, 7/10
2. Venus, 10/10
3. G.U.Y, 10/10
4. Sexxx Dreams, 10/10
5. Jewels N' Drugs, 9/10
6. MANiCURE 10/10
7. Do What U Want Feat. R. Kelly, 10/10
8. ARTPOP, 9/10
9. Swine, 4/10
10. Donatella, 10/10
11. Fashion!, 10/10
12. Mary Jane Holland, 8/10
13. Dope, 10/10
14. Gypsy, 10/10 (My favorite song off ARTPOP)
15. Applause, 10/10",3,3,"Aug 11, 2014"
10,"The best album of Gaga! I love all the songs, are amazing!  I love Artpop, i listen to artpop everyday!  Thank you Gaga!!!! She did one great album, great songs, and it's really sad to know that people don't like, because is really good!",3,3,"Aug 22, 2014"
10,"One of the best albums ever. Most of the songs are very original and experimental (particularly Aura, Venus, G.U.Y., Sexxx Dreams, ARTPOP, Swine), but it also contains some catchy light pop songs and some beautiful ballads. Much better than Born This Way.",3,3,"Sep 18, 2014"
10,"a truly perfect album starts with a catchy song that Aura is for sure these songs are a masterpiece, and one of the best CDs of the decade, Lady Gaga and her team are to be congratulated.",3,3,"Sep 20, 2014"
10,"Album incrvel, como a prpria 'Lady Gaga' disse: o lbum pode ser ouvido do incio ao fim sem a necessidade de pular uma faixa. Na minha opinio, qualquer faixa do lbum pode ser single. MANiCURE  minha favorita.",3,3,"Sep 20, 2014"
10,"ARTPOP is very underestimated, this album is a complete album, Gaga ranges over more genres, each track is very different, again i have to say it great job Lady Gaga",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"ARTPOP is the celebration of everything that Gaga did. And I am so proud about the tracks =) My favorite's:
1 - Venus
2 - G.U.Y
3 - Sexxx Dreams
4 - Do What U Want
5 - Gypsy
6 - Applause
7 - MANiCURE
8 - Mary Jane Holland
9 - Aura
10 - Fashion!
11 - Donatella
12 - Dope
13 - ARTPOP
14 - Swine
15 - Jewels 'N Drugs",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I was very anxiously for ARTPOP and it definitely did not disappoint. It is an amazing album...one of the best of the year. Lady Gaga is back and better than ever and even though its not what she called as 'album of the millennium' or very different from her previous effort, Born This Way, i still love it and have each and every track on replay. Along side PRISM, Yours Truly and a few others, ARTPOP is surely one of my favorite albums of 2013. I am a huge fan of Gaga and this album really lives up to my expectations. My personnel favorites include Mary Jane Holland, G.U.Y, MANiCURE, Gypsy and Fashion.",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is just fantastic, Gaga proved to be versatile on her job, proving, even more, that she is the best singer of this time, not only she sings, but she also writes and produces her songs, which is very difficult to find these days. Congartulations to our queen!",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I love the diversity of this album, there's hip-hop, electronic, trap, rock-pop, pop, R&B, and even a piano ballad. I believe that if the album had sold 1 million first week or the first single had gone #1, the album would've got great reviews from 'fans' and critics alike, and that's sad. The quality of an album or any piece of work should not be judged by the success or seemingly lack of, the judgment of  an album should be based on the quality and the material. This album is great and it is obvious how much work went into the album on some songs like 'Venus', 'G.U.Y.', 'ARTPOP', 'Mary Jane Holland', and 'Applause'. Great album",3,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
8,"There would be much to say about this album. Summarizing, it could be considered a bold experiment of power synth approached to the equally powerful Gaga's voice.
A journey starting from the exclaquestion mark of 'Aura' and ending in the predictable dancefloor of 'Applause'; probing various stylistic experiments, from the tearjerker 'Dope' to the psycho-rapped 'Jewels N Drugs', and from the 'MANiCURE' rock solo to the 'Mary Jane Holland' heavy trance. There are definitely more and less successful tracks, but they all come together in an overall, extremely brave projection  of what Lady Gaga is as an artist and as a living artwork.
Highlights include the reigning 'Venus', the futuristic title track 'ARTPOP' (where the instrumental is strangely and cleverly moderate) and of course the beautiful sparkling 'Gypsy'.",3,3,"Feb 19, 2015"
7,"When I first heard of ARTPOP I was excited. The iTunes festival was brilliant and the snippets were amazing. The album as whole is consistent and satisfying. I get the fact she's trying to bring the art to her pop music, instead of making the pop culture her art. But let's face it, it's just too pretentious. So pretentious that it's really unsettling. If she had to promote it as being a good pop album, then by all means it is. It's better than Bangerz. But no, she stated this was the 'album of infinite'. Over-hype killed the album... This is just the music, the actual idea of ARTPOP and the execution is perfect. But then again, it's the music that's important. Not Jeff Koons mixed with Botticelli on an album cover.
Best Tracks:
Aura
Gypsy
Applause
Mary Jane Holland
Dope
Venus
Worst Tracks:
There is no 'bad' tracks really. They are all mediocre to great. But I would have to say Jewels N Drugs.
Overall:
I'm a little monster but I have to say, Katy killed it with PRISM. The music was great. Her idea of rebirth was also brilliant and then again, brilliantly executed. Here's ARTPOP, great music, great idea, great execution. But too unsettling of a combination.",2,2,"Nov 20, 2013"
2,"Pretentious filthy, generic pop pieces trying to be art, the lyrics are dumb and repetitive as hell, and the production could be much better. There are 2 or 3 good tracks as much.",2,2,"Dec  4, 2013"
10,"She created an album of possibilities. The best part of ARTPOP is the way Gaga joined art + pop. The art cover is stunning and she invited Jeff Koons to make a sculpture statue in order to immortalize her image in the music's world. The album has a mix of Pop, R&B, Electro and Hip Hop, showing the diversity of Gaga as artist and songwriter. Another note to make about ARTPOP is that she produced one song, called 'Venus' and directed the video of G.U.Y.
Gaga is a true artist!",2,2,"Jun 25, 2014"
9,"After play the rocker in Born This Way, ARTPOP brings the dance and more pop than ever Gaga. The tracks are all uniques, from the effervescent MANiCURE to exciting Gypsy, all with wonderful lyrics and the unique and booming voice of Gaga. Was a shame that it has flopped, I really loved this album, one of the best of 2013.",2,2,"Jun 26, 2014"
10,"An attention-freak's manifesto, ARTPOP stands as the artist's vision of how the fame absolved the pop star of her monsters through her creative and dedicated mission for self-expression. Lady GaGa takes us through her creation, the Kingdom of Fame, and underneath the curtain that Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta has cast upon herself. Each listen is the ride through our own ambitions: self-acceptance, confidence, faith and love; and our darker sides our shone the light: insecurity, fear, addiction and death. May ARTPOP be experienced as our own minutes of fame, ourselves in the spotlight so gracefully cast over us by the enigmatic superstar, with her love as big as her voice. A phenomenal album.",2,2,"Jul  6, 2014"
10,"Best album of 2013, but was not the best of Gaga, but despite not being their best album, the beats are great, very enjoyable to listen and especially to dance.",2,2,"Jul  9, 2014"
9,"ARTPOP delivers the futuristic-pop sound that you expect from none other than the Lady herself. From the individual songs themselves, ARTPOP fails to deliver the successful chart-worthy singles that were seen from The Fame and The Fame Monster, much the same as Born This Way did. As an album itself, Gaga offers probably her best yet. The songs are able to beautifully transition to the next, even despite the often sharp contrast at times. It doesn't matter who you are, there will at least be one song off of the album that you will like. Whether you're a fan of rap, ballads, dance, there is a song for you on ARTPOP.
If you're looking for a crazy album rearing to explode in a magnificent ejaculation of art, the album will no doubt be perfect for you. If you're looking for a few chart worthy songs then I might direct you to previous albums of hers. I hope Gaga in her next album can incorporate her sometimes basic, but timeless songs like 'Poker Face' and 'Bad Romance' in a real experimental album such as ARTPOP, to please both kinds of people. ARTPOP was my favourite album out of the pop divas in 2013, smashing Prism and Beyonc's self titled album. Whilst the album may have its imperfections, it's definitely ones to be remembered amongst the greatest albums of all times.",2,2,"Aug  4, 2014"
10,"No esperava menos desse jesus do pop
Misturou arte e msica como jamais havia sido feito e mesmo com tropeos esta com uma tour impecvel .... SEM DUVIDAS ESTE ALBUM DIZIMOU QUALQUER DUVIDA SOBRE O TALENTO DE LADY GAGA",2,2,"Aug 21, 2014"
10,"ARTPOP - The magical creation. I love Gaga. This album truly brings out EVERYTHING. From Aura to Applause, I loved every single track. You should really listen to it. 10/10 for Gaga!",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Amazing album and I think it's my favorite.Gaga sounds great.My favorite songs would be Sexxx Dreams, Aura, Mary Jane Holand, Applause, Do What U Want",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I really enjoyed this album. There are a lot of tracks that stand out to me- my favorites being Venus, Mary Jane Holland, and Gypsy. What makes this album special is that the artist truly put herself into this project and it doesn't feel like it came from anyone's mind but Gagas. You have to respect an artist who keeps the creative control.",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Excelent album with innovating sounds. Gaga's voice is awesome here. ARTPOP is so amazing and underrated album. There are so much variety on it, and however is so cohesive!",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
8,"The worst was hers, that we are confident but not the worst album, ARTPOP have there good points, great music, a whole story within it, makes you fall for it easily, her vocals are great, and most of the songs has quality.
Highlights: Venus and Gypsy
Lows: Fashion! and Jewels & Drugs",2,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Certainly Mother Monster's best work to date. As a close-up fan, my expectations were raised after the 2 year wait, and were fulfilled entirely. Some songs showcase vocals, while some others make you want to dance. A dance/electronic/edm album that is certainly underrated; definitely and without doubt one of the best releases of 2013.",2,2,"Jan 21, 2015"
10,"Amazing queen of pop yass slay the best album of 2013 completely amazing and iconic Gaga always does the best ones shes a true artist and performer......",2,2,"Feb  2, 2015"
8,"It could have been another 9 out of 10 like Born This Way, but there are like 3 songs among the 15 she offers here that are really hard to swallow. Still, the rest are great, with great vocals and lots of energy. She welcomes a slightly lighter sound compared to Born This Way, but without falling into The Fame simplistic era. Many good songs which prove once again no one is releasing the type of music she is releasing and that she is a real artist. It contains one of her best singles ever ('Do what you Want').
Standout tracks: Aura, Sexxx Dreams, Manicure, Jewels and Drugs, Do what you Want, Dope and Applause.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2013"
10,"lbum muito bom,Gaga comps muito bem suas faixas e a produo por parte de Zedd e Gaga no deixam a desejar. melhores faixas so Dope,Gypsy e Do What U Want e at o remix com Aguilera no deixa a desejar,chego a pensar que seria melhor esta faixa com a cantora aguilera,a extenso vocal  percepitvel em ARTPOP.",1,1,"Dec 13, 2014"
10,"This album is gorgeous! I really love every song, Lady Gaga did amazing, this is why I'm her fan, she is different, unique. She can do a lot of different things and be the same Gaga that we know. I wish s lot of success for her on the new Jazz album.",1,1,"Dec 27, 2014"
10,"ARTPOP is something hard to define, as Gaga say 'My ARTPOP could mean anything', but I know that's easy to criticize something new, that all of us think 'charts don't like this album', but she didn't it to the charts. ARTPOP could mean that Lady Gaga's career was hard and ever will be, but she will be a strong woman, and nothing will crush her. ARTPOP could mean 'live your sexuality as if you were to die tomorrow, be free to do what you like, don't be scared, I ALWAYS will support you, Little Monster!', and this words are everything that fans need to hear. She don't make musics, albums, for the charts, she really care about you fans.",1,1,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"Great album..It's really fun,the melodies are amazing,the lyrics are amazing too.I can't understand why some people hate it ...No fillers on this album",1,1,"Jan 14, 2015"
8,"Overall it's a good album that combines all kinds of musical genres. Besides being one of the most complete albums Gaga from its predecessor 'Born This Way' . Although I expected better , overall it is an outstanding album with tracks like ' GUY ', ' Do What U Want ' , 'Gypsy ' , 'Dope ' and the track that names the album ' ARTPOP ' . I look forward to your next album is much better. I leave you wanting something better made , produced and best lyrics .",1,1,"Jan 14, 2015"
10,"Aura:
Venus:
G.U.Y:
Sexxx Dreams:
Jewel N' Drugs:
MANiCURE:
Do What U Want:
ARTPOP:
Swine:
Donatella:
Fashion!:
Mary Jane Holland:
Dope:
Gypsy:
Applause:
Nota Final: 7,0",1,1,"Feb  2, 2015"
7,"Um lbum,um tanto diferente,com mistura de ritmos,letras,e um vocal no mnimo surpreendente da Lady Gaga,infelizmente o nico ponto negativo do lbum  a cantora no estar na sua melhor forma...Tachada como 'flopada' e at mesmo 'esquecida',Lady Gaga nos d um albm experimental maravilhoso,mesmo assim no recebeu os louros do seu trabalho,muito isso devido a m divulgao de ARTPOP,ela errou em no divulgar certo,mas enfim um bom lbum...No  um trabalho inesquecvel,mas  bem interessante!",1,1,"Feb  9, 2015"
10,"This record is amazing. I can't stand the mixed or negative reviews this album gets when compared to the artistical 'crap' that was released by Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus or anybody else. The entire album is written, (co-)produced and 'done' by the artist not by a dozen of different songwriters or producers per track.
ARTPOP is a truely epic pop release this year, far beyond every other release by a 'high class artist'.",1,1,"Mar 15, 2015"
10,"Gaga combined ART with POP in the album and truly created a timeless masterpiece. It's her least successful album but it sounds like her best. The songs are crafted masterfully and sound brilliant with a modern pair of headphones - they open up like this huge world of synths and layers of melody.
It's not very serious like the title would suggest but it's a brilliant and ephemeral pop record that murdered Katy Perry's career. Definitely buy this.",1,1,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"The bigger artist of pop! This album shows Gaga doing somethin new, again! The songs are amazing and we can see Gaga coming back with all the forces ever! She did something incredible again! She deserves all sucess ever!",1,1,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"Artpop is Lady Gaga's most sincere album. It's an album full of amazing melodies and hooks mixed with fierce Edm insane beats. Not an easy-listening pop album.It's an album for open-minded listeners. Her best",1,1,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"An amazing album from an amazingly talented artist.
Lady Gaga proves once again that she is one of the biggest players in the world of pop music. Excellent work.
ARTPOP is the spiritual successor to The Fame and The Fame Monster we have all been waiting for! While Born This Way was laden with songs about acceptance and expressing yourself, ARTPOP is jam packed with songs that are so infectious and fun, you can't help but want to strap on a pair of dancing shoes and hit the club.
Lyrically speaking, ARTPOP is a mixed bag. While not always Gaga's strongest material, you will find many influences spanning Leonoard Cohen in Dope and the B52s, (and an amazing nod to Sun Ra,) in Venus. Donnatella seems to be the weakest lyrically, but taking that song too seriously would be foolish; it's about as tongue and cheek as it gets.
I would have loved to give this album a perfect 10, but Gaga's only misstep was Jewels N Drugs; a track that I have deleted from my ARTPOP playlist and will simply pretend never happened. Please never do rap again, Miss Gaga! It is not your strong suit!
Overall, ARTPOP is a sonic confection and should be enjoyed by many, especially those of us who have been so fond of her antics for so long.
This album gives me a BRAND NEW,FRESH experience about ART and POP! I'm not dare to say a breakthrough in POP music but it is certainly something fresh and an absolutely great experience in listening to this album... Suggested that the lyrics of ARTPOP(song) is amazing and the other songs' lyrics are also inspiring!!! I just dance with the tracks!
'ARTPOP' is the biggest album we had this year!! It is complete pop music album released in a very long time! IT SCREAMS ICONIC! Obviously, It's Gaga's best album in her 5-year long career! The album is a masterpiece and I am here to tell you how!
Starting with the first track of the album i.e. 'Aura'...This song is one of the most iconic EDM songs ever! The reason of it being an iconic EDM track is that it's the most unique EDM track I've ever heard! Lyrically, yes a bit controversial, but the lyrics are fine! Vocally, it's one of Gaga's best Zedd has done an amazing work on the production!
From 'Aura'..The album moves to one of the weakest moments in the album. The second song on the tracklist 'Venus' which was earlier rumoured to be Gaga's second single from the album. The best thing in the song is it's production and the amazing thing is that Gaga produced the track herself. Though, I loved the production only. Lyrically Vocally, it's not as good as other tracks on the album. But still it's filler at it's best!
Moving towards the 3rd track on the playlist..'G.U.Y.' The opening intro to the song alone suggests us that it's the best track on the album! The song is one of the highlights of the album one of Gaga's best so far! The verses are amazing, pre-chorus is amazing and the chorus is superb! Lyrically, the song is great..you would love to sing it! Vocally, also, it's great! Good production too!
After 'G.U.Y.'...album takes us to the best track on the record!..Sexxx Dreams.... Even the best track out of Gaga's discography! The reason it's the best is the song's lyrics..it's production..Gaga's vocals. With all it's Janet-esque, the song becomes a legendary masterpiece! A few day earlier..I was really depressed that where the pop music has lost. Even 'Born this way' failed to do so. the only complete pop song in the album is 'The Edge Of Glory'. But Sexxx Dreams tells us that Lady Gaga is the best popstar alive we have today! The music is different..and that's what makes it ICONIC...totally!
Then 'Jewel N' Drugs' where Gaga makes her debut effort in hiphop! The song is good but not that good as compared to the rest of the album
The next on the tracklist is MANiCURE...A bit of pop A bit of rock Gaga's rockstar vocals A ROCKING ROCK SONG! The song has good production good lyrics but the best thing in the song is Gaga's vocals!! Good Song!
'Do What U Want', the 7th track on the album! Among the top 4 tracks on the albumVocally, It's Gaga's best song! Lyrically, it's great! and production is fine!! It reminds me of MJ!!! Thank God! It's the second single and 'Venus' is not!
The album leads us to the title track of the album!! 'ARTPOP' It's thrilling and pulsating! A good title track for the album.
'Swine' a crazy pop song with great synths Gaga's killing vocals! Gaga has done a good job on the track vocally!! GOOD!
'Donnatella' is amazing too, Vocally and Lyrically! Production could have been a little more good! Otherwise..it's good and can be treated as a single!
'Fashion!' This also one of the weakest on the album..but it's still good! this is the only will.i.am production I like! It's different from others! Lyrics are good! Will.I.Am's vocals in the song are also good!!
'Mary Jane Holland'..One of the highlights on the album with it's crazy production and tasty Gaga vocals! Bridge is also good! Chorus is catchy!
'Gypsy'..Th",1,1,"Dec  4, 2015"
10,"A plethora of experimental sounds and beats that contribute to the electronic genre more so than pop. Lady Gaga shows us that she knows how to make carefree music that not only stems from a place of meaning and emotion, but can still make us dance. Though lacking more than one commercial hit, Gaga is letting us know that it's alright to break free of the industry's boundaries and that she's trying to find a new sound that will give us the hits we know and love in the future.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2016"
4,"Is here wrongly, full of promises he could not keep, 'ARTPOP' sounds like an attempt not very successful innovation, which ended up being more confusing beats and lyrics without much sense. The Pop Art vein was completely left aside here, and ended up making him a pop music album undefined.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Amazing album. Very happy to have fun Gaga back. She is carefree and fearless. Very happy to see preachy religious Gaga gone. The highs of the album are  Gypsy, G.U.Y.  ARTPOP, Applause. Lows are Donatella, Jewels & Drugs.",4,5,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"No sei o que dizer, s sei que mais uma vez Gaga pisou na Britney massacrando o Britney Jean, Gaga rainha do pop, Britney nem rainha, nem princesa, nem pop.",4,5,"Dec  3, 2013"
6,"While the album is a non stop barrage of sound, the songs themselves are pretty redundant. Three tracks in a row that all sound very similar and all deal with sex. There has been no progression from her previous work if anything she has stayed still. Any of the songs on this album could easily fit in on 'Born this way' or 'Fame Monster'. The only really new tracks are the rap anthem Jewels and Drugs and the R Kelly track Do what u want. Overall the album is a solid pop album but a disappointing follow up to this particular artists body of work.",3,4,"Nov 11, 2013"
8,"Definitely, not Gaga's best, but surely one of the best albums of 2013 so far. You can feel and recognize Zedd's touch in tracks such as 'Aura' and 'Swine'. But Gaga doesn't take risk and got out of her 'comfort zone' as she said she would, the only tracks you can feel something different are 'Do What U Want (ft. R. Kelly) and 'Jewels n' Drugs (feat. T.I., Too $hort & Twista)'.",3,4,"Nov 12, 2013"
10,"O melhor album de 2013, Lady Gaga tem o poder de se superar a cada projeto. Nenhuma cantora nos dias atuais representa to bem o pop como Lady Gaga. Cheio de batidas muito bem sintetizadas e com vozes de efeito duplo e triplo, ARTPOP nos leva a uma viagem indescritvel. ARTPOP fechou 2013 com chave de ouro, o cenrio musical agradece.",3,4,"Dec  3, 2013"
9,"Gaga never sounds the same and that's awesome! Track by track is a true experience. Experimental songs  and she's not afraid of do whatever she believes.",3,4,"Jul 19, 2014"
0,"Simply put this album is a mess, i couldn't find the 'art' of it ,its just a pretentious title for an album with just normal music ,i would've given a 1 if the title was different",8,11,"Nov 13, 2013"
10,"Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect.",5,7,"Nov 15, 2013"
8,"I've always had a love-hate relationship with Lady Gaga. She is a brilliant artist, not in a musical sense, but in the field of fame. To me, she excels in the art of celebrity for she knows how to generate adoration as much as she does spite. It is quite effortless to hate her, yet no so to ignore her completely. Unlike the 90 percent in the mainstream music industry today, Lady Gaga proves that she still cares and she still tries. Unlike them, she actually holds the potential to change pop music forever. She's interesting, offensive, lovable, annoying, smart, stupid, pretentious, relatable, genuine and fake, all at the same time. The woman herself can be called PopArt, the carrier of Warholian legacy: loud crass and in your face but still catches our attention and turns our heads. This album, the so called 'reverse Warholian experience' ArtPop is pretty much the same embodiment of herself: meaningless and beautiful. A true guilty pleasure.
The thing is, Lady Gaga failed to deliver Artpop to me the way she intended to. She claimed that this work of hers will bring art and pop together. No it does not, and I am pretty sure nothing she does ever will. Gaga is pretty clueless about this art of hers. Is it the colorful banal kitsch-turned-art movement of Warhol or Koons, the latter with whom she is working with? Then why is it that she incorporates Venus and Botticelli all on her album cover, Applause video and numerous appearances? She furthermore embarassed herself, and me, when she mistook the 'Birth of Venus' and the 'Venus de Milo' during an interview. It is true, she is desperate to cling into this art movement of hers and failed on every note. To be honest, this is the only thing that hindered her album from great heights: Her stupid art pretension leading people to expect non-existent thing from her. The album's name is her death bell. Had this work been simply called 'Venus' it would pretty much spells her next The Fame's success.
That aside, the album itself is a fascinating musical journey. The fact that she mainly employs EDM on 70 percent of the tracklist does not hinder its enjoyability at all. Gaga's strongest point has always been dance pop and powerballad and she really knows how to bring them out here. Furthermore, her delving into other genres is not so right, as proven in the disastrous 'Jewels n Drugs', the only true disposable track with no redeeming feature from Gaga. Sexxx Dreams, G.U.Y and MANiCURE: the sex crazed trinity yet ironically have the best shot for an international hit. Each of those three embraces a different prospect of lust, more than just what many people simply like to generalize as sex. Whereas G.U.Y has a submissive, begging, hailing tone to it, MANiCURE, with its strong vocal delivery and rock influence, commands, not asks, for love.
Sexx Dreams, on the other hand, has the singer torn between fantasy and truth, as she previously stated herself, with its surreal 80s disco feel thanks to the mid-tempo thumping bass and her mouthing the lines. Another trinity of Artpop I would like to call out is the 'i am not sure about this' trinity, including Aura, Swine and Venus. Here I just want to bring back my feelings towards Gaga, how I love her and hate her just as I love and hate these songs. There are moments in these three songs that can almost bring forth an, sorry for the tacky term, eargasm. Mainly, the choruses of Aura, Venus and the Swine's hook. Yet there are moments that can make you cringe and face palm. The horrible laughing of Aura, the annoying 10 second long rising beat before the drop in Swine that sounds like a malfunctioning printer, and the disjointed pre chorus pre pre chorus of Venus. Clearly these are very experimental and that's commendable but they fail short as a whole package. They are still on my jam list, my little guilty pleasures.
The other half of Gaga's third full LP shows a little more diversity from her usual electro pop, with Fashion chanelling Madonna's Fashion (in a good way) but still fails to leave any lasting impression, another song from Artpop that fails to stay in my head is Donatella, with Gaga trying for a celebrity caricature sarcastic piece, a smart self parody move, yet her delivery is awkward and annoying, not to mention the fact that the lyrics are on par with Rebecca Black's Friday. With those bads out of the way, tthere leaves the  vocal show' trinity. Clearly that would include Dope, Do what you want and Gypsy. Dope, a brutally honest and painful confession, delivered in all rawness of her voice, is one of the few songs that brings back her Fame Monster vibe: the struggle with fame and its deadly consequences: drugs. Gypsy is another story of my life, Marry the night kinda song that flawlessly unfolds both on accoustic and dancepop.
In conclusion, Artpop is far from prefect. But that is why it is so remarkable. It is the self portrait of a polarizing figure who both builds up and destroys herself in front of everyone.",14,20,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Basically best pop album this year, I mean really compared to other pop records this is out of the world. Yes TFM is still better but compared to PRISM for example this one is far superior",13,19,"Nov 11, 2013"
4,"Unfortunately, there isn't a lot of art here. It sounds all over the place and doesn't have a coherent sound. The songs are mostly bland and downright boring with some cringeworthy lyrics. However, there are a few catchy tunes here, for example the opening Aura, Sexxx Dreams, the pulsing Artpop and Mary Jane Holland. Still, a few songs won't save an entire album. Overall, it's a very disappointing album from an otherwise talented woman.",6,9,"Nov 12, 2013"
9,"Billboard's Rating (8.4) is the one that most describes the album. All the songs are great, but there are some that falls short: some that you first like and, after listening more times, it gets worse.
At first, the album may sound too noisy, I admit, but you should give it some time. Listen to it for a while. You'll see that it isn't bad, and you'll like the songs. Myself, I didn't like Aura at first glance. But I listened to it more and more and I started to like it. Now, it's one of my favorites songs on the album.
See, what I'm trying to say is: you shouldn't listen to the album just one time and say that it is lame. You need to give it some time, listen to it, and THEN judge it. Everytime I did this, I caught myself listening to the thing I said I would never listen to.
Now, some are saying that the album has no meaning. What? Did you search for that meaning? EVERYTHING that Gaga does (and I'm saying EVERYTHING), has a meaning. It may take some time for you to see, but you will. Just give it some time.
Some of my favorite songs (not in order): Donatella, Aura, Gypsy, DOPE, G.U.Y, Do What You Want and Jewels N' Drugs.
Ps.: sorry if this sound a little bit confused, I really tried to explain.",6,9,"Nov 16, 2013"
0,"Um album totalmente chato, enjoativo e nada inovador... de art no vi nada, de pop s fragmentos, na maioria so tentativas frustadas de criar algo diferente, mas o que ouo  s musica genrica.",2,3,"Dec  3, 2013"
1,"Artpop is as scatty as Lady Gagas wardrobe yet far less interesting   it simply fails to resonate.
Highlight for me is the Gaga penned Venus (i love Zombie Zombie)
There are many contenders for the lowlight- but ill go for Donatella   one of the worst concepts for a song ive ever heard.",9,14,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"I gave it a 1 because sometimes my foot tapped in spite of itself. Otherwise I've heard it all before. A monkey in silk is a monkey no less. She and her little monsters can dress her sound up as much as they want but at the end of the day it's just the same (if not worse) than the stuff Katy and Miley and Britney are doing. And thats the most disappointing part.",9,14,"Nov 13, 2013"
0,"This is the worst album she have done, again a lot of rip-offs, lack of lyricis creativity and for sure a mediocre gallery of sound effects, there's nothing on the album that surprise the audience.",10,16,"Nov 13, 2013"
0,"A 90 min electropop song, this album is worthless I can't even stand it, all the songs sound exactly the same outside from Gypsy wich is the only decent stuff there, if this is really Lady Gaga best work then it sucks HARD.",10,16,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"Expected innovation, got a lame club record from another decade. Lyrics are beyond cringelicious, really bad. She should go into a different area of the arts, she's not a good fit for music. DWUW would be a great record with different lyrics and singers, fails as is.",5,8,"Nov 14, 2013"
10,"This is what Lady Gaga is all about. ARTPOP is the perfect balance of ART and POP and she's better than ever! There are NO bad songs. ARTPOP is Gaga's best offering yet! Perfection!
MUST DOWNLOAD: G.U.Y., Sexxx Dreams, MANiCURE, Do What U Want, ARTPOP, Donatella, Gypsy",13,21,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"Gone are the days when Gaga was named the final heir to the throne of Queen of Pop Today, the press and the critics take their statements with suspicion which exaggerates its music and its importance in the art world, while Twitter and Facebook begs his Little Monsters to buy multiple copies of their albums and singles.I have not fallen into that game, for me she is overrated.His talent is of course debatable.",8,13,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"'Because having a good voice and be the queen of the costume party does not mean that your songs are wonderful. Nobody explained it to Lady Gaga? All is not gold that glitters like not every painting, sculpture and photography is art. And the same applies to the songs and the music, though she did not seem to be very clear: no, Stefani, this is not the album of the millennium.'",8,13,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"Waste, spoil, filth, manure, impurity,  excrement, dirt, summarizes what gaga did in this work. No where to hold this grotesque Album. Gaga wanted to cover the entire mainstream of the time and got lost along the way.",8,13,"Nov 13, 2013"
0,"This album contains no music contains noise, for speakers that will revoluncionar pop, this is truly ridiculous, an album completely despicable and without any support. I would take a minor note but I can not!",9,15,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"I'm so disappointed. This album is disjointed with atrocious lyrics and the same style and production of her previous records, most notably the Born This Way album. The songs sound messy and unfinished, her 'operatic' style vocals are cringeworthy and it's just too much of nothing. I'm not sure what has happened to Gaga but whatever it is, I hope she takes a step back and stops taking herself so seriously that it clouds her artistic judgement with embarrassing songs like Venus and Swine. North a big fan of Applause and that turned out to be the best song on the album and that is really quite shocking when she mentioned this would be the album 'of the Millenium.' That, it is not. Maybe not even the album of the week. Can't even get through the whole thing...",9,15,"Nov 11, 2013"
1,"Another album, another year but same old garbage !
Lady Gaga came to a fork in the road with this album. She'd built up this image as a some kind of uber-artiste, but her musical output has always been a bit pedestrian, a fact almost everyone agrees to, including her biggest delusional fans. With this Artpoop album, she could have proved herself a credible musician, or she could continue to do the same old thing. She's not only chosen the latter path, she has also lost her ability to construct a decent pop song. It's all gone up her nose because she is too egoistic with fame and ratings. Universal Music should ask her leave Twitter and let music speaks for itself.The album is too over HYPED. It's her 'Look At Me' album. Now I begin to understand why Katy Perry's new single outsold her. Simple fun pop song nothing self-absorbed with ugly makeup to make her point. US Billboard Hot 100 is full of stories just like Lady Gaga's songs.
Last but not least, Billboard should be ashamed for including her discounted sales in her 1st week sales.
Sad era we live in...",9,15,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"More like ARTPOOP. Pretentious, misleading, poorly completed piece of ear pain.I heard it more than 3 times and every time sounded worse than the previous. Her low sales are actually a sign of her failed career that has yet to take the last piece of fame she holds.",9,15,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"I really do not like her music anymore. Terrible. It's almost like what the heck is she thinking. Getting too desperate for money, and there is not talent underneath a bunch of overplayed dance beats. There is an unnecessary duet with R. Kelly. Utter garbage, really. She does have a lot of fans that stay true to her, called 'Monsters'. Sorry, Ms, Gaga.",3,5,"Nov 18, 2013"
10,"Definitely the most exciting and greatest pop albums of 2013. Pretty brilliant work, with some fantastic ideas, full of wild creativity and unique lyrics, and most of the songs are superb. Best songs include: Aura, Venus, G.U.Y, Manicure, Do What U Want, Artpop,  Swine, Fashion!, Mary Jane Holland, Gypsy and Applause. One word  Amazing.",3,5,"Dec 11, 2013"
10,"Despite all the haters, despite BTW not doing very well on the charts, despite all this stupid competition ppl created around charts, with ARTPOP Lady Gaga proves that talent and hard work overcome anything. It's not a perfect lbum, but the flaws are minimal compared to the incredible hooks and compelling beats. I'd actually give it an 8.5, but just to balance out comments made out of pure hatred and prejudice, I'm giving it a 10.",3,5,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"O pior album do ano, nada superar PRISM da Katy Perry. A gaga queria lanar algo com 'ART', mas a nica coisa que fez foi lanar uma merda. POP? isso  pop? Lady Gaga  melhor voc acabar sua carreira por aqui e no lanar mais nenhuma poluio sonora, a nica coisa boa nele  Gypsy e talvez Do What You Want!",3,5,"Nov 14, 2013"
10,"This album is so amazing, Lorde explored a new sound, different from other Indie artists, and the result is Pure Heroine, all the songs are catchy, I do not get tired of hearing.",18,20,"Sep 30, 2013"
10,"There shouldn't have to be reviews written for this album. Ella Yelich O'Connor, better known as Lorde, cranks out 10 masterpieces that show no weakness and will please the ears of pop music listeners. Her appeal is wide-ranging and intriguing.
The overall theme of the album is minimalist, and the catchy alt-pop and tremendous songwriting displayed on the record is indicative of the potential Joel Little and Lorde have working together. Lorde's lyrics are thoughtful, mature, pleasing, and clever. Little's production fits the themes of the songs very well, and though he isn't Stargate when it comes to the beats department, he isn't DJ Mustard either. His production is good across the board.
Every track stands out in its own way, but if I had to pick a few to listen to:
Royals
Team
Tennis Court
Bravado
Ribs
Yeah, I would have to pick half the album.
I've already talked about the songwriting, but Lorde's voice is gold. She cruises through songs smoothly while displaying an impressive lower range that's both comforting and haunting at the same time.
100% a must buy. The fact that she's 16 is just the icing on one of the sweetest cakes of 2013.",6,6,"Oct 11, 2013"
10,"This album is so refreshing amongst all the other pop albums out today. Lorde adds so much depth to already unique beats through her lyrics. It is easy to listen to the album multiple times.",4,4,"Oct  8, 2013"
10,"Pure Heroine is a display of 10 beautifully written and performed tracks; it is an artistic showcase of pure talent that you would not expect from a 16 year old. It is almost like as if Lorde invented a new sound, which is a major stand-out from other mainstream artists. Stand-outs are Royals (undoubtedly) and Tennis Court. Massive congratulations to Lorde for her recent success.",4,4,"Dec 21, 2013"
9,"The very simple and minimalistic beats mix extremely well with her voice. Its good to see someone singing from the heart and not conforming to the mainstream. Good to see pop is headed in a good direction.",4,4,"Oct 10, 2013"
10,"I agree almost word for word with the pitchfork review, but I think they left out one important fact...it is absolutely impossible to stop listening to this album. My favorite albums of the last five years are 'This is happening' and 'It's Blitz.' I don't think Lorde has quite yet achieved the sophistication of James Murphey's lyrics and production, but man, for pure addictive music, 'Pure Heroine' is absolutely unmatched.",4,4,"Oct 11, 2013"
10,"truly a tremendous album! every song is so well produced and catchy and the lyrics are amazing. no reason not to buy this absolute gem. all 10 songs are awesome.",4,4,"Oct 11, 2013"
10,"This album is so good it is scary. From her anti-prom queen and anti-mainstream agendas to the simple yet very effective production this album is a masterpiece. Just by listening to it I feel like I know her, I can picture her town the characters in her lyrics very easily. And last but not least her vocals and very catchy choruses. This album shall be on a loop for a very longtime.",4,4,"Oct 18, 2013"
10,"Really really good....Almost surpassed my expectations.My friend suggested this album to me and I am grateful to him for it. The song 'Royals' is the most catchy song of the whole album. The other songs are also very good. Hats off to Lorde!!!",4,4,"Dec  7, 2013"
10,"A really, really new sound on the global music industry, Lorde is bringing us a really new level to alternative music (it's not pretty beat-y). The minimalistic sound that the album had may be a great choice for relaxing your minds. Especially per tracks:
'Tennis Court'  Pretty much pop and pretty much skater swag.
'400 Lux'  Unusual
'Royals'  Only beats, bass, and Lorde
'Ribs'  Sweet night techno-minimal.
'Buzzcut Season'  A perfect firefly pop.
'Team'  Kinda ironic, because the songs uses handclaps and the lyrics contain 'anti-handclap'
'Glory and Gore'  Mini-rock.
'Still Sane'  Lana Del Rey
'White Teeth Teens'  Reminds me of Spain and Jake Bugg.
'A World Alone'  Next potential single.
for the next chapter, it's pretty sweet if Lorde and Joel Little collaborate again.",4,4,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"'Pure Heroine' by Lorde is just a fantastic album. Every song on this album is very relatable and songs that you can sing-along to, and Lorde's voice is just captivating.",4,4,"May 31, 2014"
10,"A suburban teenagers dream. Perfectly written, incomparable melodies and amazing fluidity.
Ella Marija Lani Yellich O'Connor's (Lorde) debut album is amazing. There isn't a weak song in the 10 superb ones on the record. Her and Joel Little create magic!",4,4,"Jun 16, 2014"
10,"Listening to this album, I noticed how nowadays people often create music that attempts to dictate how young people should be living their lives. Partying, socializing, and having fun. But the reality is that none of it is true. Lorde talks about the truth behind teenhood. Boredom, friendship, and fear. For some, this album may be hard to relate to. If you cant, the only you'll find here is a nice voice with minimalist instrumentals. But there is so much more here than that. If you are very young, hold this off for a little while before listening to it. But for people who spent (or still spending) their teen years being bored, working, or worrying about the future, this is something that everyone should listen to.",4,4,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"This album is probably the best of the year. Lorde is in a genre of her own and I don't think that she can be compared to any other artist out there today.",3,3,"Oct  1, 2013"
10,"I can't believe i didn't hear this album until today.
Very smart lyrics. The minimalist music gives room for Lorde to showcase her singing, which is a pleasure to the ears. Not to mention that, in its own right, the music itself is pretty gorgeous.
Of course, some tracks are forgettable. But the majority here is amazing tracks. This is easily one of the best albums released in 2013.",3,3,"Jan 11, 2014"
10,"Very limit number of instruments, yet. The albums is amazing! The vocals are great, all tracks are good as well. Definitely, Lorde is the future of music!",3,3,"Dec 29, 2013"
10,"Simply a precious masterpiece.
Every song grips in it's uniqueness and does not let go for a long time.
A triumph for a newly discovered talent.
All my hopes for Lorde to keep the level.",3,3,"Dec 21, 2013"
8,"Despite her only 16 or 17 years old, Lorde has shown a piece of brilliant creativity. She could easily be the beginning of a new generation of adolescents that go directly to the core of the real music. The New Zeland girl doesn't hide her real desires about a change of a world full of  'crystal, maybach, jet planes, islands or tigers on a gold leash'. Sincere and genuine, there's no doubt that Lorde won't give her arm to sprain. Although she's just starting and there's a lot of way to go, 'Pure Heroine' will always be a peculiar piece of pop that our eardrums will always be disposed to listen to.",2,2,"Jan  1, 2014"
9,"I should put a little disclaimer here: this review is gonna be a bit positively biased, because as annoyed as I am by it basically becoming a selling point for her, she's 16. And considering both that I'm her age and that I'm an aspiring musician myself, I can't help but be particularly happy about her sudden success.  And aside from that, her mainstream breakthrough single Royals is easily one of my favorite pop hits of 2013.  It basically talks about being sick of the annoyingly recurring themes of excess & wealth that have plagued a lot of pop & hip hop music on the radio over the last decade or so.  But one other thing I appreciate about it is how this sentiment is handled.  This song could've easily been nothing but preachy & obnoxious pseudo-hipster drivel.  But weaved within this bashing of music lacking substance & relatability is an admission that she'd love to be able to live that kind of lifestyle, but is just annoyed by these people feeling the need to brag about their possessions in the music they're selling to the masses.  And now we have her debut album Pure Heroine, which could be one of my top albums of 2013 by year's end.
Royals combines a lot of Pure Heroine's best traits.  One interesting thing going on consistently musically is how sparse the production is.  On a good majority of the album there's nothing in the instrumental mix but an electronic beat, an atmospheric synth & occasionally some self-backing vocals with great harmonies.  I get how on paper for some people this might result in an album that's boring, monotonous & void of variety.  Fortunately though, things are kept interesting by incredibly catchy melodies & various tempo changes from song to song.  If anything this kind of minimalist approach helps to emphasize the album's main appeal, the vocals & lyrics.  But again that's not to say there's nothing interesting in what's surrounding it.  Ribs has a very creative structure, starting with an ambient minute-long intro before going into a back-and-forth switching between speeds Lorde sings some of the verses in, which helps bring out a mix of emotions in the lyrics being repeated.  The thing to pull it all together is Lorde's great voice, which manages to gets the ideas being expressed across effectively without the need for obnoxious belting or showing off, which are common crimes in a lot of music where the voice is the main attraction.  Not only that, but nothing here is forgettable, and there's never a filler moment in this concise, 10-track, 37-minute listen.
Lyrically the main 2 themes being portrayed are biting social commentary & vivid thought processes in dealing with newfound fame.  With the former, it's tackled from a few different angles.  Aside from Royals & the similarly themed Team, there's tracks like Buzzcut Season and Glory And Gore, which talk about the mainstream news media's 2 opposite problems: covering pop culture & celebrity gossip instead of the real problems in the world, and exaggerating & exploiting these problems to the point where people watching either become paranoid pessimists or don't take these issues as seriously as they should.  They're messages that contradict each other on the surface but make sense when you really think about it.  On the more personal side of things you have tracks like Tennis Court, Still Sane & A World Alone, which detail Lorde coming to terms with her seemingly out-of-nowhere popularity.  Now in most cases for me this would be questionable, since how can you talk about your big-time success on your debut album?  But you have to think about the context; in New Zealand Royals was already #1 back in March, making her a very big deal in her home country by the time this album was being written.  There's talk of getting on planes to tour, dealing with the pressures of scrutiny & criticism, and fearing that she'll end up just another trashy egotistical pop star.  One other track worth specifically mentioning is White Teeth Teens, which details O'Connor's disinterest with being one of the perfect popular kids.  Fortunately though, like Royals, it avoids the typical pitfalls of that kind of message.  It doesn't portray these people as one-dimensional villains, but as just a different class she tried to & later gave up being a part of.  And all of these themes get the messages across clear while never resorting to illiterate spoon-feeding.
I can really say nothing negative about this album.  It keeps a consistent & distinct sound while never letting tracks bleed together, the lyrics are sincere, on-point & relatable, and the best part is that her song is #1, which is just another sign, if not the defining one, of balance finally being restored on the pop charts in terms of quality. If you're into these traits & have an appreciation for great pop music with some electronic influences, listen to this ASAP.
Top 5 tracks: Royals, Tennis Court, Still Sane, A World Alone, Ribs
Score: 94/100",2,2,"Oct 27, 2013"
8,"It might be considered cool to not like Lorde and be a 'non-conformist' but in reality, Pure Heroine is a very well made album and proves Lorde's un-denying talent as a young artist. It's a nice stray from the generic pop music we all hate.",2,2,"Apr  6, 2014"
10,"Easily the best album of the year, I found Lorde half a year ago when I listened to 'Royals' and got hooked instantly. Incredible artist, incredible music. A+",2,2,"Oct 11, 2013"
7,"There is a general backdrop of claps, basic synths and vocal backups that make the album quite predictable. It almost feels they've just put different lyrics onto the same song.There is an odd sense of  wisedom in the lyrics, despite the young timbre of the vocals. However the incessant self-referencing is somewhat unbearable.The music is generally minamilistic.
Tennis court is a stand out. Following that is 400 Lux.  That slightly husky voice breaking from singing to speech and soft percussion and touches of electronica.
Royals has more dynamicism in the vocals, but still that non-chalant percussion. The lyrics are fine. She's cracked the code to life, and she's not like other musos who constantly talk about diamonds and vodka. However, one would question that she talks about having no money. Sure bruh, sure. Don't look into it but it might come off as a little hypocritical  It's definitely a song the audience can identifiy with though.
Ribs has a beat to it, defo more electro. With mainstream lyrics it doesn't immediately stand out, but it's definitely on the stronger side musically, a break from the first three songs which have a similiar formula. The bridge in this dance song is particularly great.
Buzzcut season has an army/war theme to it. Again the matter of friendship comes to hand. Her and her friend live in a ethereal journey, where everything is good. 'Reality is the one who wins, so join it' say the men. But they have other things on their mind. It has a generic, yet cool little beat to it. The vocals swell with the imagery.
Team starts out with a good vocal intro, a bit of lyrical repitition and even vocal effects. yay. Then those claps come in again. She sings about growing up in a different world, and the unity of the people who have done this. Did they Control C V those synths? The verse and chorus are not too much different from eachother, inbetween is this little bit:
'Dancin' around the lies we tell
Dancin' around big eyes as well, oh...
Even the comatose, they don't dance and tell'
There are fightin words in Glory and gore, four hundred and thirteen of them. I'm beginning to feel as if their should be a label, Warning: References of  self-references. This one talks about how they're gladiators and the audience lusts after blood between famous people, but the only reason they're famous is because they are in the ring...and they secretly love it. This is where my anger kicks in. From a lyrical stand point, this gets no rapport. I can't identify with this, not many can. To do this constantly is very annoying and not one of the hallmarks of any great writers, or many good ones even. To those who consider it a lyrical masterpiece, please consider.
Still sane starts out with some soft bass, and finally a few hits on the ride. Uncreative keyboard eigth notes come in later. However the penultimate verse has some of the nicer percussion of the album.You can guess what the songs about, based on the title. They're still sane even after becoming famous. Cool man. In general the lyrics are bit less image-focused, more vague.
White teeth teens- This is a stand out. It's nice to have a change of pace. It could be about dating or it could be about the cool group at school, and I'm more inclined to think the latter. It's a smidge faster and the drums come in not long after you press play and it just seems different. This along with the last track provide a different sound for the end of the album. I particularly like the outro, check it. There are some XX rhythmic vibes in the bass and kick.
A world alone  Slightly melancholy guitar starts. Then singing. Then it comes to life.The lyrics speak of a friendship amongst people who just talk. There is a starkness to the lyrics, but also love. A fav.
Good: A few good hooks really make this album, mostly in Royals and Tennis court. The vocals are quite well done and nothing seems out of place within any of the songs.
Bad: Their sound gets very predictable. I'm looking at you Synths, Vocals, and Percussion. Also there is fistfulls of melodrama that smack you in the face, I also hear Lana is abusive.
Themes: friendship, anti-money, you're place in the world
Favs: Ribs (although lyrics a little ho-hum) and a word alone, Buzzcut season also a five star rating.",2,2,"Oct  6, 2013"
10,"Pure Heroine is the best record of the year, period. Each song, each rhythm, each lyric, an absolute masterpiece, and to think that Lorde is only 17 years old. Beyond the mainstream hits like Royals and Team, which are excellent songs by the way, the album contains subtler songs like A World Alone, which I think is the anthem for today's youth, and White Teeth Teens, which talks about today's adolescents. A must listen to anyone who loves Pop or Alternative music. Let's see what Lorde comes up with next, and I'll be waiting at the edge of my seat.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2014"
10,"This album is definitely one of the best albums I've heard in a while.The reason why I like this album so much is because it is so different than any other album that has come out in a while.What amazes me is Lorde's age.Her vocals are great and the production on the album is definitely on point.I would highly suggest purchasing this album and give it a try.It's pretty d*mn good.",2,2,"Feb  2, 2014"
10,"Nada sobre fim de relacionamentos ou vida de um adolescente, em Pure Heroine, seu lbum de estria, Lorde veio para falar sobre os adolescentes de dentes brancos e sobre o fato de nunca pertencer  realeza.
No meio de tanta msica ruim hoje em dia, Lorde se destaca com suas letras inteligentes e qualidade musical entre esses artistas teen de hoje, que s sabem falar sobre uma coisa em suas msicas: O quanto esto apaixonados. Com faixas incrveis que simplesmente te viciam, 'Pure Heroine' , de longe, um dos melhores (para no dizer O melhor) lbuns de 2013. No  atoa que a neozelandesa Lorde conseguiu 2 grammys em um ano de carreira, vencendo de artistas como P!nk, Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry e Bruno Mars. Mal posso esperar pelo seu novo disco e espero que tenha o dobro de qualidade que 'Pure Heroine'.
Melhores do lbum: Tennis Court, Royals, Buzzcut Season, Team e Glory and Gore",2,2,"Feb 28, 2014"
10,"Pure Heroine is sparse, minimal and uncanny. Not only does Lorde push forward an album that offers up an embarrassment of the pop songs available now, but she has sculpted an impressive debut that draws a perfect line between the areas of accessibility and intelligence. It is delightful to see someone of that age to write all her songs but at the same time have them be lyrically relevant and relatable. Pure Heroine may not exactly be multi-faceted, but it can at times be complex. The thing that caught my attention over time was the aspect of production in Lorde's debut. The dazzling album may have been recorded in a modestly sized studio in Auckland, but Pure Heroine sizzles with a effervescent, pure and almost exposed production. Drums are often used, snares, and dark- brooding bursts of snares. Lyrically it is thought provoking and highly mature, and is extremely refreshing to see an established artist stray away from the mainstream agenda, who generally sing about unrelatable topics such as wealth, cars, drugs, money, alcohol, mansions, jewellery etc. It makes me happy to see someone challenging such an ideal that has been idolised and established within the music industry-- Track wise, Pure Heroine is very catchy and its very obvious to see much of Lorde's song writing is derived from smart observations about society and her life in general. The best tracks in the album lay dispersed throughout the short album. It opens with the jagged, punchy 'Tennis Court' which flows onto songs like 400 lux and Royals, but the best track comes 4th. Ribs delights with its ambient, atmospheric opening which lasts just over 40 seconds.  Lyrically its the most intelligent, and by far the most distinct(excluding Glory and Gore of course) It has a fast paced beat, which slows during the pre choruses. Ribs may be the best song that Lorde has created. The only can we say bad song on the album, comes just over mid way. Glory and Gore definitely strays away from the albums distinct nature of minimalism. I would of liked for it to be excluded, and maybe put the Love Club there instead. Overall Lorde has moulded a fantastic debut, which sure will be hard to beat for her next album, which I'm sure looking forward to.",2,2,"Apr 29, 2014"
9,"This album is my first review on Metacritic. The composition of this album is clever and clear. Her voice cuts through the instrumentals and electronics. I thoroughly enjoyed this CD from start to finish. One of those albums to close your eyes and shut out the world or put in the car and roll the windows down. Most of these songs are very catchy and you will find yourself singing or humming one or two of them. There isn't a song on the album that I didn't enjoy.
That being said it's not perfect. There are times where the bass punches a bit too much for my taste. Also, her voice may not appeal to all comers. She has a breathy and airy quality to her voice which has been heard before. Some lyrics flow better than others and at times if you listen carefully you can notice that they echo that she still is just a teenager.
For a debut album this is a strong release. I look forward to hearing what comes next from Lorde. If you are on the fence based on what you've heard on the radio, she is definitely worth a listen the entire album through.",2,2,"Apr  6, 2014"
9,"This album is very surprising at how excellent it is compared to other 'Pop' artists today.
When first hearing Royals, I thought that Lorde was another person who had one hit and slowly lost their popularity. But as more singles came out, I knew that she was different and unique. So I took a chance and bought this album. Boy, did I make a good decision.
The theme of this album is actually about going AGAINST the pop machine and artists who are popular because of their looks. The songs in this album are addicting, some highlights are Ribs, White Teeth Teens, and The Love Club.
If you like alternative music or anything like that, this album is a must for you. I am excited to see what Lorde puts out next.",2,2,"Apr 12, 2014"
8,"Lorde's debut album Pure Heroine is a glossy and rather smart album that though it does have a few lyrical disappointments, it manages to still give its point across. Some songs do unfortunately come off as a little boring/not-as-good-as-others, but no songs are terrible or bad. Overall, Pure Heroine is good but could have been quite better.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2013"
8,"Every year a new upcoming artist hits the scene and hopes to make it big in the music industry. This year's big surprise is a sixteen year old from New Zealand named Lorde. After her smash hit 'Royals' which was a surprising real take on how not everyone wants the Riches of celebrities, she releases a now hit album titled 'Pure Heroine'. Lorde's debut is a very promising one with refreshing Pop songs about the youth and other issues for people my age, which helps Lorde stand out among the huge crowd of Auto-Tuned Pop Starlets. The album is about Ten Songs long which is a problem, I wished there was more, because the songs just felt so refreshing and I wished the story could continue on, also since this is very different from the usual Synth Beat heavy Pop music, it won't peek everyone's interest, at first listen I felt a little off put with what was going on. Still there's plenty to appreciate, the songwriting is excellent with themes about what we want in life and how it's not always about having the best, most expensive, items in the world. The Sound in particular is also refreshing with simple beats and sounds, and it all sounds great. Lorde also packs a punch with the singing, flowing along perfectly with each song, though around the end she goes a little too far. Pure Heroine could've been longer, but for right now it's a great start for Lorde, and I hope to see more music from her in the future.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2013"
8,"Lorde is 16, though she definitely sounds older and more mature that most 30-year-old pop stars out there. Since 'Royals' we knew this hipster twist on the rap and pop marriage would deliver an outstanding album, full of equally as catchy songs. Lorde delivered 'Pure Heroine', a title that fits perfectly because the album feels like a drug: Eccentrically weird and psychedelic journey through the mind of a real, down-to-earth teenanger. If that is what Heroine tastes like.
The album opens with the 'explicit' (I put it between punctuations for a reason) 'Tennis Court', a song that already opens up for the lyrical masterpieces the album, as Pure Heroine is mainly beautifully composed. Sometimes, the marriage between the ironic poetry and the synth beats do not work ('Still Sane' and '400 Lux' are perfect examples. They are not bad, but they feel seriously under-produced in comparison to the other songs).
Of course the anti-pop queen delivers killing phrases. 'I am kind of over being told to throw my hands up in the air' she shouts at the ultra-catchy 'Team', and guess what, I'm kind of over too! In 'Glory and Gore' maybe, the album slips from the catchy into a more metal hip hop fusion of savvy 'Ohhs' and filters.
'Pure Heroine' is a unique debut album that doesn't play safe but doesn't excel in quality. Lorde, with her ominous vocals, delivered an album full of hipster propaganda, heavenly choirs and dark, gothic rythms ready to swallow like a pill. It is real suburban teenagehood, and it is as good as as it gets.",1,1,"Apr 30, 2014"
7,"Pure Heroine is good, but I don't like every song. Team is notably the best. I give Lorde credit for bringing out such a unique sound, even if to somewhat mixed results. Look forward to new stuff.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2013"
9,"I always liked this album, but I'm only now coming to truly appreciate it. I really can't believe she was only 16 when this came out. A cohesive, engaging album.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"ELA ESCREVE MUITO BEM, ELA E UM GNIO... CONSEGUI SE EXPRESSAR EM LBUM COMPLETO E CHEIO DE HITS, NO QUE EU GOSTE DA SUA PERSONALIDADE... MAS ELA  UMA TIMA ESCRITORA.",1,1,"May  4, 2014"
8,"Lorde, Lorde, Lorde... Hay Lorde... eres sorprendente, sacas tu primer album y WOW! nos demuestras lo madura y profesional que puede ser una chica de 18 aos como cantante... Letras profundas y un pegadizo ritmo pop minimalistico, excelente trabajo!",1,1,"Dec 15, 2014"
7,"Lorde has seemingly became an overnight success (at least in her home country, Australia, and North America) and that's neither deniable or shocking. Lorde attains the gift of being merely short of seventeen and being more mature than many musicians in the industry decades older than her. The New Zealander's calm vocals and beyond her years songwriting skills as well as Joel Little's chill production help solidify Pure Heroine as an anthem for the youth that's neither tamed nor rebellious. The lead single, 'Royals', calmly defeats that idea that not all teenagers are 'trippin' in the bathroom' or 'trashing the hotel room' and has since made Lorde the first solo New Zealander to reach the number-one spot on the Billboard charts. Although Pure Heroine primarily treads on new wave, 'Ribs' reassures that Lorde can step into more mainstream synthpop territory without contradicting her completely natural vibe whilst 'Team' channels a more vintage Motown sounds. Pure Heroine's only weakness is that it's too short and sweet. But that taste we get in our headphones only teases and anticipates us even more for whatever this upcoming unintentional A-list songstress has to offer. Make no mistake: Lorde is NO one-hit wonder and we'll hear more from her very, very soon.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2013"
9,"Lorde's debut album 'Pure Heroine' serves much more delighting messages than having sex and doing drugs and partying all the time. The one most impressive (from countless positive messages) is being yourself and don't hope for much than you have it could turn against you, like her most successful song that grabbed most of the critics and people 'Royals'. 'Royals' was called as racy, stupid, weird, dumb. NO. It is actually very unique in style and rich on content. Not all of Lord's songs are perfect but they are either rated as 'Really Good' 'Different (in a good way)' or all of the above plus 'Perfect'. Pure Heroine is rather the album of the year.",1,1,"Dec  1, 2013"
9,"Very interesting, very likable, Lorde makes her mark with this album. Very mature and serious, these songs are nice to listen to if you want a relaxing time. These songs have a deeper meaning to them than most of what is released these days. In a world full of hits and misses, this album is definitely a hit.",1,1,"Oct 25, 2013"
8,"I've had this on repeat for a couple of days. Lorde's debut is great and fairly unique (although I'd compare it to Lana del Rey and Florence  the Machine probably). The songs are very catchy.",1,1,"Oct  4, 2013"
10,"Pure Heroine is by far a perfect mix of sounds, not only for Royals, which is just a demonstration of what she could do. It's incredible how a 16 year-old girl could have such a vision about things and life. Masterpiece.",1,1,"Mar 19, 2015"
7,"This album is very good but the music is sometimes weird. Weird is not always a good thing. However, it is nice that someone is trying something original and is actually decent, (However, I don't like how this girl is mouthing off to other artists)",1,1,"Dec 30, 2013"
9,"It's the album that the music industry as required for a long time...while it's musically not all that impressive, it's definitely the image and views of Lorde which put the majority of the music industry to shame with the lack of talent and creativity which has been spread like wildfire for the last fifteen to twenty years. Lorde is the Marilyn Manson of the new age, just not with the attempts of offensiveness.",1,1,"May 18, 2014"
10,"Uno de los mejores albums que he escuchado este ao, sin duda Lorde se luci, es un disco con 10 canciones que no aburren, lleno de magia pura que soprende con sus sonidos que cautivan y a la vez llenan.",1,1,"Nov  9, 2013"
8,"The sound's so refreshing. It's a vacation from pounding beat and sick dubstep. Some of the lyrics are dark, but you can still notice the childish of Lorde's voice with very mature lyrics.",1,1,"Nov  9, 2013"
9,"I love her so much and this is a fantastic album!! Some songs sound the same but it's ok!! I love the raspiness that she brings out in her voice. She has a bright future ahead of her",1,1,"Nov 16, 2013"
9,"Probably the best album of 2013.  Lorde's sound can not be matched as she proves at 16 she is a true original.  Download: Glory and Gore, Team, Tennis Court, 400 Lux.",1,1,"Nov 13, 2013"
10,"I seriously cannot believe that a teenage girl has such a mature and strong personality and attitude in front of the world. In a stream full of 'performers', nonsense songs and viral videos that reach thousands of millions of views in few days, Lorde is not afraid to say that she doesn't want to belong to that world. And she really do mean it, that's the best part. Her songs contain such incredibly rough and realistic meanings, combined with minimal and precise music that makes everything smoothier and calmer. Her voice is so out of this world, as well as her variations. This is talent. This is an artist. This is Lorde: (hope to be) the next new true legend of music!",1,1,"Nov 18, 2013"
9,"After hearing Royals, and with all the hype surrounding this release, I had to give it a listen. And I can proudly say it is now one of my favourite albums of all time. From the awe-inducing minimalist hip-hop production and her bold vocals to the catchy and captivating lyrics this album is full off and the fact that Lorde is still only a teenager really left me completely dumbstruck. The only thing I can say about this album is LISTEN TO IT!",1,1,"Mar 20, 2014"
10,"'Pure Heroine' has a skip-able has a song which is 'Biting Down' in my opinion, overall this is one of the best records I've listen to this year since Phillip Phillips debut 'The World from the Side of the Moon'. Basically, the album features great songs such as 'Tennis Court', 'Ribs', 'Team', 'A World Alone', 'Glory And Gore', and the quadruple-platinum hit 'Royals'. In my opinion, my highlights of this album is 'Team', 'Glory And Gore', 'Ribs', 'A World Alone'  'Royals' and 'The Love Club'. I love her voice, I just love it, and I feel like her vocals are inspired by Nelly Furtado on some songs. I gave it a ten due to the Lyrical content. production and because of Lorde's direction. She is a very good person based on the songs she have wrote, I hope she doesn't turn out like Avril Lavigne whose career is dying due to her signing to a rapidly declining label.",1,1,"Dec 26, 2013"
8,"To put it simply, Pure Heroin is rather too stripped down for it to be a total mind-blowing pop album, however what Pure Heroin IS in fact is an album of meaningful lyrics and great tunes at their own steady pace that Lorde decides to take. And at no point, does it overdo itself.",1,1,"May  8, 2014"
9,"I love this album. Lorde is definitely one of my favorite musicians. Her voice is very relaxing and distinct and her songwriting is very expressive, although it may take some time to realize what she is talking about in her songs.",1,1,"Feb 28, 2014"
7,"My favourite songs are 'Royals', 'Team' and 'Tennis Court'. Dark themes. Healthy lows. It has been an amazing year for Lorde, with at least 4 of her songs charting on the Billboard Hot 100,  the current new song charting in the Hot 100 being Glory and Gore. However, as much as I loved the three songs listed above, I still have my reservations. I refuse to give her 10/10 because all her songs are dark. She needs to make light-hearted songs and not be a Lana Del Ray number 2.",1,1,"Mar  7, 2014"
9,"A juventude potica. Esse  o semblante do 'Pure Heroine'. Refrescante, porm obscuro na medida. Um som diferente, um lbum slido do comeo ao fim, onde mostra a sua proposta e no tem medo de concretiza-la.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
7,"I  think this album would be even more superb if she let her vocals expand more. It seems like Ella is capable of having a strong voice as she demonstrates in 'Royals'. Either way, the songs are meaningful, relatable to a teenager like me, and the singer behind it all has an awesome personality. Diamond in the rough for pop music.",1,1,"May  4, 2014"
9,"I love his voice very skillful, very good songs and a good pace, very good to be still very young Lyrics, Est album is great Although you name two ways, and very simple cover a little more effort would have been improved.",1,1,"May  9, 2014"
10,"Esse album  maravilhoso,o segundo melhor de 2013(s perde pra ARTPOP) que o sucessor de Pure Heroine seja igualmente maravilhoso e Lorde/Ella no me descepcione.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"I have only just managed to ween myself off from listening to Pure Heroine on repeat since it was released late September 2013.  Became a fan of Lorde and her music after hearing her Love Club EP over a year ago.  It boggles my mind to think this teen wrote the lyrics to all the songs on Pure Heroine bar Swinging Party when she was only 15.  Over the last 8 or so months I keep changing my favorite song from the album...songs I liked the least slowly made their way to the top of my fav list the more I listened to each track.  I've since discovered other crazy talented new artists since however, Pure Heroine is still my No.1 album for 2013/204 - no doubt will go on to become a classic.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"Best album of 2013. So young, but so smart! Lorde explores things that most part of the actual teenage-singers don't care, and things that some 'super artists' (by fans) seems to can't talk about, because they're too busy with their own selfishness. Lorde is mature, with beautiful and intelligent songs. The future of music is here, it's name is Lorde.",1,1,"Jun 23, 2015"
9,"Lorde made her debut with the critically-acclaimed number one hit 'Royals' and had impacted, and simultaneously challenged the pop mainstream culture with her work that is not only amazing sonically, but also lyrically, at a very young age. This platinum-selling and Grammy-award winning record depicts Lorde and her friends's life in New Zealand, her criticism, and thoughts of pop culture, which shows honesty rarely seen before in this era, and therefore, is reaching a new plateau for the pop world.
9/10",1,1,"Oct 27, 2014"
10,"Lorde  um gnio. O fato  que ela escreveu essas msicas com 15/16, e mostrou mais maturidade que muitos compositores 10 ou 15 anos mais velhos que ela. As metforas, o jeito nada meloso ou clich de retratar o amor, mostra o quo madura ela . Tudo isso faz desse disco uma obra prima. Joel Little como produtor se mostrou magnfico e espero que eles continuem trabalhando juntos. E uma coisa que poucos percebem  que o disco comea com a frase 'Voc no acha chato o jeito que essas pessoas falam?' e a ltima frase dita, na ltima cano, : 'Deixe que falem.'  tudo muito inteligente. Um trabalho impecvel!",1,1,"Feb  6, 2015"
10,"This is so good, i can't believe she's so young. She deserves all the success of the world. I can't stop listening to her. Pure heroine equals to pure and obviously amazing music.",1,1,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"Lorde is an amazing artist. She will a have a great and big future. She is THE new voice of the new generation. It's crazy how much she is intelligent and mature in her creations.",1,1,"Sep  8, 2014"
10,"Best indie album for me, Lord is a great artist and still has much to show us, and this debut album was a great start, is not a tedious album and all the songs have quality.
Highlights: Tennis Court and Bravado
Lows: Bitind Down and Swigin Party",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing",1,1,"Jun 10, 2015"
10,"ocalists in popular music, but Lorde is easily the most vocally striking and lyrically thought-provoking. Pure Heroine is honest and addictive. amoooooo",1,1,"May  4, 2015"
8,"No est nada mal para ser su primer lbum, en especial por  sus letras, que me han parecido  lo mejor del lbum. El disco puede llegar a sonar en montono en algunas ocasiones, pero tiene varias canciones que lo redimen.",1,1,"Jun  1, 2015"
10,"At just 16 years old, Lorde has all the credibility Lana Del Rey wished one day or spend. No need to dress with vintage image and scream desperate for his men in their tracks. Lorde slaps in the face of the music industry in ''Royals'' and sports in rhyming ''Tennis Court''. Definitely, Lorde is the future of music.",6,8,"Nov 26, 2013"
9,"Lorde is still very young, and so, yes, there are some oversights, but I am so incredibly impressed by the imagery and the mood she lays down so easily. Disturbed suburbia, too-good-to-be-true bland teenage years. What a specific thing, but it's such a triumph. Buzzcut Season is my favourite.",1,2,"Oct  2, 2013"
9,"This album is great. All (except two) songs on this album are flawless. Lorde has explored a  new side of pop music and I'm a fan. I could listen to this all day - and I do.
The best songs are : Ribs, White Teeth Teens, Buzzcut Season, Bravado and Royals.
I love Lorde :)",1,2,"Jun 30, 2014"
8,"fgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfggggggggggggggggggg",1,2,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"Amazing album! Deep and dark songs! I absolutely love her voice! It's so hard to imagine how a 17 year old made this! So excited for her next album! One of the best albums I've ever heard.",1,2,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"It's amazing to know that she was only 16 years old when she wrote this album, he's wonderful. Melodies that enchant, songs that could never be discarded. Album of the Decade, that's all.",1,2,"Dec  3, 2014"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER. Lorde could show us what is really music. I loved this album since 2013 and until today I never feel tired listenin it. Simplely incredible. Everybody needs more albuns like that. Everybody should make Lorde a mirror for yourselfs.",1,2,"Dec 17, 2014"
3,"I don't understand how such a weak set of songs could get so many good rates, or maybe I understand it so well and it's frightening.
This is very weak. As time goes by, music industry provides less and less effort into composing sufficiently elaborated things.
Now we are at the point were instruments and equation are out of the equation.
We have a rhythm and a somewhat discrete synth bass, and the voice of course. That's all for most of the song.
The most elaborated songs will see a little melody with little development.
The worst songs, a trance like melodic phrase, with trance like monosound and repetitive rhythm.
I could compose ten albums of this kind after an afternoon spent in my backyard, just toying with garden table and singing.
All in all, this is plain and boring, just the hype of minimalism and the fact that it's the recent 'big thing', so I guess that's enough to like without even listening.",3,9,"Feb 19, 2014"
0,"THE worst singer in the whole world. HEY LOOK! I found her!!    .",2,6,"Jan 27, 2015"
4,"Dragged out, repetitive, self important, and void for the most part of any musical finesse. It does however have one or two catchy tunes, but it doesn't make the whole album worth purchasing.",1,4,"Jul 21, 2015"
4,"Lorde's music is really boring. I heard Royals at the cottage on the radio and it felt like forever. Royals was the most boring song I ever heard! Lorde has bad music and avoid it unless you want to fall asleep. Still not as bad as Justin Bieber, Mariah Carey, or Rebecca Black though.",1,4,"Feb  9, 2015"
5,"If ever there was an artist who popped up out of nowhere, yet had amazing success, it's Lorde. Just before she released Royals, I heard that this new girl was about to release this new song that was going to be big. I quickly dismissed it, but how wrong I was to do that. Royals is currently in its seventh consecutive week on the US Billboard Hot 100 and has also proved a decent hit worldwide. And all the while, I was wondering what on earth people were seeing in it. It's beat is very boring and doesn't change much and Lorde really can't sing well. Above all, a take down of consumerist pop culture is nothing new. In fact, it's rather outdated. If Royals had been released at the height of urban music's biggest success between 2001-2008, when songs that involved gold teeth and gold chains really were all over the radio, the song would have been a timely commentary. But music right now is very different. Relatability has been the name of the game in the last few years. That is why break up ballads and self-empowerment anthems have been some of the biggest hits in recent times. After the urban craze died out and the dance music craze started waning, the music industry realised that a song that the public relate to equals mega bucks. So, I don't know what Lorde is going on about by saying that all the songs on the radio right now are out of touch with the public. Of course, she has just turned 17 and is likely researching the industry and getting out her frustrations, but that is the problem. Someone as young as she is won't realise that what she's doing has been done before nor will she realise that she doesn't bring anything new to the table. But like most of us when we were 17, she wants to go against the system and that's pretty much the concept of the whole album.
All the songs talk about society's obsession with wealth, status, fame, even violence, and how Lorde wants to stay away from all that, which is certainly admirable. Songs like Tennis Court, 400 Lux, Team and Glory And Gore certainly talk about this theme well. Then there's the gem of the album, the breath-taking Buzzcut Season, which is about how Lorde and her best friend put themselves in their own little bubble away from the circus of the world. It's child-like and innocent in the most beautiful way. It's atmospheric, hypnotic, dreamy, and if the whole album sounded like this it would be a masterpiece. But the other five tracks are very mediocre and show that Lorde has a long way to go. I quite like albums that deal with the theme of being against consumerism and are heavy with satire, but Lorde really goes off the deep end when she sings Ribs, a song about how she's struggling with the idea of growing up and how she feels so old (accompanied with a never-ending seasick loop of a beat that makes me want to throw up). Speaking as someone who is nearly 24, to hear someone who has just turned 17 talk about feeling old is quite laughable to me. I look back on my younger years and realise that I fussed a lot over nothing and that feeling that I was old was ridiculous. So, I'm well past the age of taking this stuff from a 17 year old seriously. This is why I don't understand why people in their 20's and older are loving this album as it hardly deals with their age group. Lorde has also spouted feminist views recently that are somewhat controversial and really show her age. It's fine if she wants to refrain from singing songs about love and sex, but she has so much more time to go down the route later, as lots of female artists do. If she keeps away from those subjects her entire career, then we can talk. But she's only 17. Give it time.
Don't get me wrong, Lorde has potential, but she has a long way to go. She doesn't have a great voice and I see no evidence of her playing an instrument, so all she has to stand on is her songwriting and it's far from perfect. I am really surprised at the amount of critics giving this album amazing reviews, reviews that would be more fitting of a much older artist's magnum opus rather than what it really is  a teenager's naive debut that requires lots of work.",1,5,"Nov 15, 2013"
5,"The sound is good, the music and the voice too. But Pure Heroine  I love the title) has only a few songs that are quite interesting. In the songs the lyrics are poor and that's something that disappointed me a lot. However, I want to support Lorde as she is a young artist which has a bright future and I hope she doesn't turn up like Miley Cyrus.",1,5,"Oct  4, 2013"
3,"It's not necessarily that I hate this album, because there are definitely some good things going for it. I just thing Lorde has a long way to go to become a mature songwriter.",1,5,"Aug  4, 2014"
0,"Pure s*** of the year................................................................................................................................................",2,16,"Jan 12, 2014"
0,"Really? 79? Are the critics insane? This is the worst hipster thing I've ever heard. How can someone hear this whole thing and don't put 'it all' out? I really do not understand why the eyes are all rolled to her. Lorde is **** Lana is THE ****",1,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
6,"After listening to The Love Club EP i was expecting something awesome from Pure Heroine, what I got was a watered down Lorde ready for a broader audience, lacking the emotion that caught my attention at first. Its not a bad album, but sits besides a Lana Del Rey or Rihanna album, nothing more than a major label trying to maximize the profit from the hype around Lorde.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2013"
6,"Lorde could have a bright future as a singer/songwriter ahead of her. While listening to her album, I understood that she had direction which is unusual for someone to have so young to have, as there are other female artists who release albums that aren't cohesive. And that's what Pure Heroine is  cohesive. However, after the first three tracks, everything else weren't as strong. The lyrics were mediocre and the production was just uninteresting; it felt all too rushed. My harshness is due to the awesomeness of 'Tennis Court' and 'Royals' the production and lyrics are so amazing that everything else seems lackluster. There are moments that Lorde shone as a songwriter, especially with 'I'll see the veins of my city as they do in space'. She's so young and could have an amazing career, I do doubt that her mainstream success will last.... Unless she pulls a Miley.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2013"
6,"Lorde is just an amazing Singer to have just 17 years old. Her style and music is so good, fresh, I love it. This album takes you to amazing sounds. 'Tennis Court' and 'Team' are one of the the best tracks, take you to new places and rythms.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2013"
6,"Lorde has promise, guaranteed. Her songwriting is strong but it does tread the line between morally and culturally condemning the status quo, paranoia, fear and sarcasm. With so many analogies and messages brought up, it's hard, with her superb, cryptic songwriting, to differentiate all the meanings from one another. At some points it feels as if she goes back on her word but the themes do converge around the central concept of adolescence. Musically, the minimalism frequently stays dry and for a pop album, it isn't at all catchy. Even her attempts to make it catchy like the obnoxious 'yeahs' in 'Tennis Court' do more benefit for the skip button than for her career. Like lukewarm water, easy to swallow but nothing to enjoy, there isn't much to grasp, engage or intrigue. There's more instruments and effects in her style of music that can be incorporated that can be more engaging (delay, electric guitar, distortion, better synths). Her emotive lyricism doesn't really balance with the empty musical personality. The whole album is a bit of a lackluster experience honestly, but it's led with her level of ambition and with gutsy stabs at society she leads by standing apart from most pop artists. But she doesn't really reach that level of passion that can qualify as heroic; here she's shown what she can do but she herself hasn't followed through, so much for conquering. With her vague and characterless minimalistic instrumentation and cryptic lyricism, her command isn't all that strong or commanding, but her promise is there, just hidden.
Follow @PRTYNTGRVS for more reviews.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2013"
5,"With regret, after so many listens to try to like the courageous effort by Lorde, for a new sound, I have to say, that for me, it was not moving, from any point of view  I so wanted to like it, but I'm so sorry to say, I did not.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2013"
5,"We've definitely found the next big thing in sixteen year-old Lorde, but despite her penchant for song writing and her instantly recognizable voice that portrays the popular teen angst craze that's went around since Nirvana, it'd be hard to differentiate the songs if I were asked, for they all sound ridiculously alike; depressing, well-written and elegantly-performed by the immensely talented Ella Yelich O' Connor.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2014"
10,"If you like Lana Del Rey, Sky Ferreira, Kate Bush or Grimes, you will instantly love this album. This is a mature piece of work that will stand until the test of time. This album was written back in 2013, when Lorde was only 16. Sixteen! Rarely anybody can write such smart lyrics at a young age like that. Lorde is an artist who has managed to create and raise the bar for a new sound of art pop. Every single track tells a different story and stands out on its own. Her alto (though mezzo-soprano on Royals) voice is really rare, and she can easily calm and amaze the listener.
One thing that greatly annoys me are a few critics giving this album a 6/10 (or 3/5) because I would think they are jealous of a talented 16 year old. I am however not. It's too bad this album didn't receive an 81 or higher, because if it were up to me, I would surely give it a very high rating.
It could also be the best album of New Zealand by far.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2015"
10,"simplesmente divino. 'Pure Heroine'  um dos melhores albuns que eu j ouvi na minha vida, o album fala sobre problemas scias.  um cd com composies incrveis, no qual lorde teve envolvimento em todas. um album forte e de personalidade, voc consegue sentir sinceridade em cada composio. parabns Lorde.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"Pure Heroine is one of the best albums of the decade. I don't see a lot of  popstars doing what Lorde does: innovation, revolution and social issues discussed. This album has a lot of different sounds, the lyrics are uncommon and I see this as a big step on the music pop industry. Lorde talks about anti-materialism issues on Royals, the new-found fame on Still Sane... and this is definetly a good thing to young people out there.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
4,"This album is pure heroine but a little bit boring too. I think that after hearing 4 or 5 songs of the album I'll feel exhausted and bored.I like Royals and Tenis Court but i think that this album is overrated.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2015"
10,"'Pure Heroine' is by far one of the best albums of the decade. This album shows the dark side of Lorde and what she has been through. Heavy bass, great lyrics and amazing production is the outcome of time well taken and a true music artist.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2015"
9,"Songs like 'Tennis Curt', 'Royals', '400 Lux', 'Glory and Gore', 'The Love Club' and more, are really hard to get them out of the head. I hope something much better in her next work.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Pure Heroine  um dos melhores lbuns de 2013. Ele  espetacular. Quase todas as msicas desse lbum so perfeitas, s tendo algumas bem 'mais ou menos'.
Pontos altos: A World Alone, Glory And Glore, Tennis Court
Pontos baixos: Biting Down, Swingin Party, White Teeth Teens",0,0,"Jan  2, 2016"
10,"This Album by Lorde changed the way we look at modern music. She created a new, creative and unique sound that only a strange girl like herself could pull off. There isn't a single bad song on the album Pure Heroine and is truly addicting to listen to. Ella Yelich O'Cnnor, also known as Lorde, is a genuine artist.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
9,"Lorde states 'We live in cities you'll never see on screen / not vert pretty but we sure know how to run things' in the song 'Team' With a profusion of wonderful tracks 'Royals' and 'Team' in particular, this is one of the most essential albums of the 2010s decade. She creates 'a different kind of buzz.'",0,0,"May  4, 2016"
10,"perfect album i love you. I am waiting for l2 'Pure Heroine' by Lorde is just a fantastic album. Every song on this album is very relatable and songs that you can sing-along to, and Lorde's voice is just captivating.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
9,"This is exactly the kind of album that makes you want to live. The sounds are very festive and efficient even in the slower tracks. The duo is perfectly synchronic and gives shape to a powerful music.
There is no a worst or a best track (although the first ones are more direct and catchy than those of the second half).
Appreciabile highlights include the emotions in Just Another Night and the total madness in Ready For The Weekend.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
8,"If you've heard the song 'I Love It' then you may know who Icona Pop is, they are a Swedish duo of two girls who sing about, partying, going wild, and being just plain sassy. So after hearing 'I Love it' thousands of times each day, I grew onto the duo, and I was looking forward to 'This is... Icona Pop' because I was disappointed by their first EP 'Iconic EP' which aside from the first two songs, everything else on that collection was forgettable and boring. I'm happy to report that 'This is... Iconic Pop' is a great debut album for Icona Pop and I kinda loved it. But for those who can't stand Mainstream Pop or Dance music, you should stay away from this, because it is very much like that. This album only runs for 34 minutes which is very short but has enough punch to make me forget that I could just listen to this in one sitting. The first half was the standout here, even though I've heard many of the singles off of here before, it still felt refreshing and most importantly fun. The last few songs are also great where instead of going super slow and full of ballads, it doesn't overstay it's welcome, and it ends with the emo-like 'Then We Kiss' which sounds like a perfect party song for a wild party. Other favorites include 'I Love it', 'All Night', 'We Got the World', 'Ready for the Weekend' and more. Problems with this album are that there is no clear story as it's just to show everyone who Icona Pop really is, also this isn't a problem, but you might think that this album isn't meant for the male demographic, as it is more meant for 13 year old girls who are surprised to hear a curse word in a dance song. But overall, I really enjoyed 'This is... Icona Pop' it's short, sweet, and packs a huge wallop of beats, sounds, and noises. If your not interested in Icona Pop then this album won't change your mind, and it doesn't do anything earth shatteringly amazing. But if you let it all loose, and forget your problems, you'll (as a quote from the first song) love it. Because I did.",1,1,"Sep 25, 2013"
9,"Many pop songs revolve around the dance floor and the drinks, drugs, sex, etc. that go along with it.  But in this throbbing set of dance anthems, Icona Pop captures the experience and emotion of party-culture with an sincerity and (dare I say it?) maturity that few others have managed, giving to what might otherwise be tired themes a fresh idealism and an intellectual spark missing from the works of contemporaries like Kesha and Lady Gaga.
With this LP, swedish singers Caroline Hjelt and Aino Jawo aimed to create music which you can both laugh and cry with at the same time.  The album achieves this desired affect through intense, aching beats and earnest, tight vocal harmonies, and by giving to each tune a bright, inflinching optimism about the future that rings nostalgic for all of us 90s b****s out there.  And, of course, the tracks are all so darn catchy.  Without a doubt, this is one of the best pop albums of the year.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2013"
9,"A great and enjoyable album. I love how Icona Pop have made this album fun and that's what make it more interesting. Get ready for half an hour of singalongs and dancefloor anthems!",1,1,"Feb 18, 2014"
5,"Quite fun to listen to, but nothing special after all. After I listened to this album I couldn't remember any song in particular due to lack of variety.",1,1,"Dec 25, 2013"
8,"They're the band who's hard to hate. Simply because they have so much fun doing what they do. This album is an unexpected surprise with productions tones meatier than the average club bangers. A perfect slice of pop.",3,4,"Sep 24, 2013"
7,"Eh. I have heard better albums than this one, but some songs are actually really good! The best songs are 'I Love It', 'We Got The World', and 'On A Roll'.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2013"
7,"Perfect dance-pop album. Full of fun bops. I Love It is probably the worst song on the album, All Night (summer anthem) and Hold On are my favorite tracks.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
5,"Have to give this cd a 5.  I love the track 'I lLove It' and hoped the rest f the cd would be similar fun, sing-a-long, dance music, although it missed the mark for me, and for me, only two or three songs are remotely enjoyable.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2013"
7,"O lbum  bom em si, mas algumas msicas so horrveis! Mas em compensao h msicas timas como All Night e I Love It. Este grupo tem futuro, e acredito no sucesso delas.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2014"
6,"Icona Pops This is just what you might expect from a pop album. 11 songs about partying, sex and sex and partying. The album sure isn't a lyrical masterpiece, but the songs are for the most part pretty easy to listen to.
Some of the sounds used in the songs sound dirty and there are some parts that make you cringe. (I'm talking about the riff in Then We Kiss, what the hell were you thinking!?!?) Parts like these make the album seem like a fifteen-year-old DJ made the tracks in his mothers basement, especially when some of the tracks. suffers from bad equalization. (the waveform is for the most part just a flat line...)
The tracks sound all very much alike and the album starts getting repetitive soon. Thankfully the album isn't that long so it doesn't overstay it's welcome.
There are 4 tracks added to the Target edition and Fix8's remix of I Love it should give you enough reason to buy the Target edition, since, in my opinion at least, it was the best track of the album.
Overall This is.. is a decent album full of catchy dance anthems that you can happily rave to in every party you attend. It's not a bad album but isn't really great either.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2014"
7,"personally i think that it's his best album relased yet, because it's original, and it has a style. He has abandoned his previous public image, for be a sex symbol, and the lyrics of the album show it, yes i know that are really stupid and silly, but they gives to the album a style. The best songs are surely 'Talk Dirty', a original R&B/pop track where he shows his ability of make an original song, yes because the trumpets gives to the song an originality, 'Bubblegum' a catchy 'dirty rap' song, 'Marry Me' a sweet pop serenade, and 'The Other Side' a catchy dance track. The album is trivial and sloppy, but his originality make this album the best ever made by Derulo yet.",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
3,"Despite the fact that Derulo has a really great voice and usually can craft insanely fun and catchy songs, the best way to describe this album is 'sloppy'",2,3,"Jul 21, 2015"
3,"As catchy as it's hooks may be, Tattoos suffers from painfully bad lyrical material and fails to ever shake off it's typical, run of the mill, Hip Hop feel.",2,3,"Jan 19, 2015"
0,"no. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",3,7,"Mar 11, 2014"
10,"Metacritic does not have his current album Talk Dirty in the library of music, so that is the album that I am scoring.
Derulo's last album Future History had a few catchy tracks that were dance worthy. Sadly Future History did not keep up Jason's standards like his debut self-titled album. Talk Dirty is a major improvement from Future History. This album could possibly be one of the greatest R&B/Dance albums ever made. Every song is perfect. Highlights of the album for me are: Talk Dirty, The Other Side, Trumpets & Marry Me.
Derulo has become a mega contender in the world of music, thanks to Talk Dirty.",1,4,"Aug 11, 2014"
10,"if he works harder, he could be the king of pop. But it's will be not easy..............................................................................................",1,6,"Mar 12, 2014"
0,"What happened to Jason Derulo he used to be a highly respectable artist who released several highly impressive singles and albums but this just takes the piss it is pathetic and awful.",0,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
4,"Oh my gosh... Talk Dirty may in fact be one of the worst albums I have ever listened to in my whole entire life - which really didn't surprise me considering it's pop and I usually don't listen to pop as much as I do hip hop. But Derulo marketing this as R&B???? SERIOUSLY????????? Jason, you have a great voice and your music can sometimes be good but this music is not R&B on any standards at all. This is mainstream pop at its worst. Half of these songs are Fortune (Chris Brown)-type ballads or pop that shows absolutely no originality at all. And I think this album is even worse than Fortune. At least Fortune had more than one good song. And yes, there are one or two good songs on this album but they aren't even that great. I really hope Everything Is 4 will at least be a LITTLE bit better than this - because this is probably one of the worst albums I have ever listened to - and I'm pretty sure Everything Is 4 will be a bit better, based on 'Want to Want Me'  which is a 5/10 single. Grade: D+. Highlight: 'Bubblegum'. Worst song: 'Marry Me' (seriously? A publicly proposed proposal??? Also, he's doing even worse of a job at making a bad ballad than Chris Brown.)",0,0,"May  2, 2015"
1,"Jessie J was completely lost in the music business trying not to fall into oblivion ... The second album is always the hardest thing for an artist and we all know that. Or the artist is better or it decays ... Jessie J is played with strength in the well and can not get out of there.",5,5,"Oct 16, 2014"
3,"'Don't waste your time with this, generic and boring. Jessie is a good singer, but she can't make good music. She is lost on the pop industry and no one cares about her.' Tha's all.",8,9,"Oct 16, 2014"
0,"Pssimo... Como a Jessie J pde se perder totalmente para o comercio? No me impressiono com a pouca ateno que deram para ela. O 'Who You Are' foi incrvel e totalmente criativo, diferente do 'Alive' que  uma tentativa tosta de fazer um lbum mais industrial e recheado de msica para fazer sucesso. Meus psames Jessie... Voc morreu em WYA.",5,7,"Oct 16, 2014"
0,"Don't waste your time with this, generic and boring. Jessie is a good singer, but she can't make good music. She is lost on the pop industry and no one cares about her.",4,6,"Mar 30, 2014"
0,"Her talent of producing garbage surprise me each album. Garbages like her serve to give value to life and that we can always be better than someone else. In the previous album she asked the world 'Who You Are?', now it's time to ask herself who SHE are. Jessie J and Alive are the ALIVE proof that talent doesn't mean everything.",3,7,"Dec 31, 2013"
10,"Queen destroyed prism of katy perry, the best album of 2013, SLAY, voice of generation, content the best music taken this year, wild the best music and first single already launched, conceptual urban.",3,10,"Dec 20, 2013"
9,"Probably one of the best albums of 2013. 'Alive' is an excellent album, not connected like 'Who You Are', but still excellent! Jessie J's voice shows that she is an incredible singer. The songs I love from this album are Breathe, Alive, Magnetic, Excuse My Rude and mainly Sexy Lady, the biggest hit of the album in my opinion. It should be a single. It's My Party isn't that bad, but I think it crashes the album connection and meaning, it appears to be some randomly release track.
The bad things about the album are that the singles choices were made wrong and the album promotion is horrible (but expecting from Island this is what we get...). I hope after the US version release of 'Alive' Jessie get more recognition with this excellent work.",2,7,"Dec 16, 2013"
9,"This album is actually pretty good. She can sing her a*s off as prooved on 'I Miss Her'. She does her best in 'Unite' and 'Breathe', both co-written by Sia and produced by StarGate. Probably the weakest song on the album is 'It's My Party'. The sounds are good, her vocals are amazing, good album overall.",2,7,"Dec 17, 2013"
8,"While the main two singles from the album (Wild and It's my party) are as generic as it gets, the album itself is composed of 16 well thought, well presented tracks that showcase perfectly the powerhouse Jessie J's voice is. As a whole, the cd might come off as chaotic, and it gives the impression that the tracks were just thrown in there without much thought, but when listening to the tracks alone you quickly realize the hidden beauty that Alive is.
Favourite tracks: Hero, Magnetic, I Miss Her, Harder We Fall and Excuse My Rude
Most hated songs: Wild and Conquer the world",2,8,"Dec 16, 2013"
10,"rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha  rainha",2,8,"Dec 20, 2013"
10,"This is another great album by Jessie J. Her voice is awesome and I really like most of the songs, especially 'Excuse My Rude', 'I Miss Her' and 'Wild'.",2,9,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"Amazing album. Jessie J is the best UK pop singer in a long, long time. Her voice is a amazing and certainly she has a lot o potential.
Excuse My Rude, Alive, Hero and Magnetic are highlights.",1,5,"Sep 26, 2014"
10,"Best album of 2013! Jessie J always making good music! Excellent material, proving that Jessie J is the best artist today! It is an amazing eclectic album!",0,4,"May  1, 2014"
10,"O to aguardado retorno da rainha do UK foi marcado por muitas cobranas da parte do pblico no quesito vendas. Wild, primeiro single deste lbum, teve como debut #5 UK, passou 2 meses no top 10 e ainda entrou na lista dos singles mais vendidos da Inglaterra de 2013. It's My Party, segundo single que teve debut #3 UK. Thunder, o terceiro e infelizmente ltimo single, no conseguiu uma boa posio que ficou fora do top 10 britnico. ALIVE ganhou certificado e em pouco tempo ganhar platina no UK, segunda maior indstria musical. Composies dela, sem precisar comprar como outras ai e bvio, a sua tremenda voz que  de dar inveja marcam este timo lbum, mas muito fraco se comparado ao Who You Are. Vamos aguardar os prximos captulos at seu sucessor.",0,4,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"The best album of Jessie J, no doubt. All the songs are great, unite, breathe and gold are very good, not to mention wild and its my party. Jessie deserves much recognition and many awards.",0,2,"Dec  2, 2014"
0,"As it stands, Alive is too easy to ignore. Her talent of producing garbage surprise me each album. Garbages like her serve to give value to life and that we can always be better than someone else.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2015"
9,"'Love in the Future', technically the fifth studio album by John Legend, is simply an amazing thing to hear!
These compositions in Legend voice are simply one of the most emotional I've ever heard. The drama that surrounds the tune of great love ballads like 'All of Me,' 'You & I' and 'The Beginning ...' is extremely graceful and passionate, as well as small stir 'Open Your Eyes' and 'Wanna Be Loved '.
In addition, we also find a great nostalgia on tracks like 'Made to Love,' 'Who Do You Think We Are' and 'Asylum' that make the album most dynamic to listen to. Certainly, the interludes make the album tedious little bit, but nothing you cannot forget.
Anyway, this album is great and very nice to hear. A great choice for those who want to start listening to John's discography, which is totally wonderful.",3,6,"Feb 23, 2015"
8,"Clearly Legend's voice has not deteriorated- it sounds as it did on his first album. Kanye stayed on as a producer on some of the songs, which matches Legend's style very well. 17 tracks and most of the songs could be strong singles for the radio. My only complaint with this record is that I would have liked more 'uptempo'  songs. As I listened to the album the word came to mind was 'sappy.'",0,0,"Sep  3, 2013"
8,"John Legend is one of the most talented musicians of the current generation and he never fails to deliver an excellent album. He weaves a compelling tale about the many joys and perils of love. His voice sounds as good as ever and this album has made me realise how hard I've missed his music over the past few years. His previous project was a collaboration with the Roots and although I liked it, it contained just one original song. Luckily on this album we get plenty of brand new songs. One of the two covers on the album  Open your eyes  which originally was written by Bobby Caldwell was adapted by Legend with such tenacity and vigour that you'd think this song was written just for him. Together with  All of me  I think these two are the stand out tracks although the majority of songs are excellent. The only thing I didn't really like about this album was the Rick Ross feature. It didn't feel right on an album that's so pure R&B. A must listen for any John Legend fan and for R&B-lovers in general",0,0,"Dec 19, 2013"
4,"Simply put: meh. One song was really great (All Of Me), and some were ok. Like I've read from other reviews, it's sappy and could use a bit more energy in most sounds. I would need to give it another good listen before setting my judgement into sand, but John Legend is not up my alley.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
10,"Ariana Grande first debut is spetacular, a strong album with great songs and Ariana's powerful voice make this one of the best album I ever listening this year so far.",21,25,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"Ariana Grande's debut album is simply amazing. This album showcases Grande's strong voice and contains 'catchy' pop songs infused with RnB. The Way and Piano are two amazing 'bops', while Tattooed Heart, Baby I, Almost Is Never Enough lets Grande boast her powerful voice.",3,3,"May 19, 2016"
10,"Perfect!! Love it!    ,    ,",2,2,"May 18, 2016"
9,"First off yes we get it she sounds like Mariah Carry. So don't even try to start your review with she can't sing.
No she is no Demi Lovato but yes Yours Truly is better then DEMI.
Baby I, Piano, The Way, Honeymoon Avenue, Lovin' It, Right There, Popular Song, Almost is Never Enough, Tattooed Heart, basically every song but Better Left Unsaid are great, Yes it can sound the same after a while, but that doesn't mean they get terrible after a while. If I had to name my top 10 albums of 2012. Yours Truly, will definitely be in there probably the top 5. She and Zendaya are 2 surprising delights of this year. Yes you need to by this.",1,1,"Sep 20, 2013"
5,"Ariana Grande's beautiful voice is one for the legacy, but her various collaborations with other artists are hit and miss as well as the lyrics and the style of pop music.",1,1,"Sep  7, 2013"
9,"Flawless, catchy beats set Ariana apart from all of her fellow similar-aged ex-teen competitors. Yours Truly comes together as we witness the rise of an A-class star.",1,1,"Aug 23, 2014"
9,"Ariana's debut album Yours Truly is truly impressive. From its incredible production to Ariana's strong vocals, this album is a winner. Personal favorite song: Honeymoon Avenue.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2014"
8,"An amazing R&B album and a great debut for Nickelodeon star Ariana Grande. This is an album that you will replay over and over again, until get you get tired of it of course.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2014"
8,"Seu lbum debut  um R&B e pop viciantes. Soube fazer boas msicas, s no escolheu os melhores singles. Mas isso no tira a qualidade dessa obra-prima.",1,1,"Sep 27, 2014"
8,"Um dos trabalhos mais bem realizados por uma artista teen. Algumas faixas realmente deixam a desejar em quesito sonoridade, mas nada de to inusitado. Dei minha nota, de acordo com a percepo que tive ao avaliar sonoramente cada faixa do 'Yours Truly' e sua parte lrica. Em seu total,  um bom lbum bom para o tipo de msica que temos hoje no mercado de jovens cantores internacionais.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2014"
7,"I really can not decide if that me or My Everything is the best album of Ariana, her voice can make any music be good, its simplicity makes this album it more special. Certainly a great album
Highlights: Tattooed Heart and Better Left Unsaid
Lows: Almost I Never Enough and Daydreamin'",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
6,"Ariana has an incredible voice and she delivers a stunning performance throughout the album, but that being said, it's not really my style. This is a pretty decent album and it's enjoyable throughout if you're into R&B, but a lot of these songs don't break out of the standard R&B mold too much. I can't see myself wanting to listen to this again, but I do have to give Ariana kudos for her performance.",1,1,"Apr 22, 2015"
10,"A strong powerful very inspirational voice!!!With some Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston's influences but with her unique style too Ariana shows that she deserves our attention!!!",1,1,"Sep  7, 2015"
10,"two words... **** great!! it's strong album with good songs and good vocals. she is the queen a goddess! i love her so much. i love that she is bringing r&b back.",1,1,"Sep 14, 2015"
10,"PERFEITO SOCORRO QUE BBLIA MERECIA 100 ARIANA QUEEN OF POP PISOU HINARIO, BIBLIA TEEN, NO ESPERAVA MENOS DA ARIANA GRANDE. PERFEITO ALGUM DA 100 PRA ESSE ALBUM",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
3,"Why does this album have an 81 metascore? It's a very mediocre album with a few good to decent tracks while the rest not so much. Pretty generic with a few old school R&B influences. Her newer release, My Everything, is not much better than this one, but still is better.",1,1,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Ariana Grande is truly an amazing vocalist, and her debut album was just amazing. It deserves the acclaim it got and the success it had. My personal favorite is Honeymoon Avenue, and the smash hit The Way.",1,1,"May 19, 2016"
10,"This album is really amazing and one of her best albums is the greatest artist, her vocals are just really amazing and is the biggest ex-act ever, Ariana is rising.",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This girl is definitely one of the greatest talents that entered the biz in a long, long time! And the amazing thing is that, instead of wasting that incredible voice on the bubblegum pop most people her age do nowadays, she decided to bring that late-90's urban/R&B/soul feeling back to the charts, and I think we're all grateful for that! And yes, her vocal-style and songs do remind me of Mariah sometimes, but do you guys really see that as a bad thing?",8,10,"Sep  5, 2013"
7,"A fantastic debut album for a fresh new artist. She has the voice and it's all she needs. You'll Never Know, Tattooed Heart and Daydreamin' are the best songs while Piano, Popular Song (song by Mika where she's featured) and Better Left Unsaid are the weak points. The weakest point of the album is without a doubt the sound, almost every song sounds the same and it can get boring in a few listens.",3,4,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"Impressionante o poder desta menina de apenas 20 anos. O seu lbum de estreia vem cheio de msicas viciantes, fofas e danantes. Com letras doces, adicionando a voz angelical da Ariana o CD torna-se conquistador. As participaes de Big Sean, Mac Miller e Nathan Sykes so feitas sem alterar a essncia do trabalho. Uma das coisas mais inteligentes que a Grande fez foi passar trs anos trabalhando nessa obra prima, nenhuma crtica negativa deveria ser aceita neste material de excelente qualidade.
No mais, um grande sucesso para a Ariana. Que o lbum venda bastante e que ela siga conquistando um grande pblico. Indicaes ao Grammy tornam-se iminentes, e por qu no, vencer no  verdade? Yours Truly, conquistando a cada ouvida. Recomendo!",3,4,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"Ariana knows how to use her powerful voice, beautiful songs with beautiful melodies and an impeccable arrangement, she kills all teens singers, including Demi Lovato.",3,4,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"I have heard a lot of albums this year and I have to say Yours Truly blew me away ...Hey this album is amazing  you can hear a lot of instruments  good melodies  that sound of the 60`s and the most important a strong and Flawless Voice! I personally think Ariana is the revelation of the year She has to win a grammy for best new artist  Ariana Grande you have all my respect and support  thanks for bringing real music back",5,7,"Sep  6, 2013"
10,"Ariana fez um lbum espetacular e totalmente incrvel.  incrvel ver como a menina de PYHU amadureceu e cresceu. A produo do lbum est impecvel, assim como os vocais da Ariana.",4,6,"Sep  5, 2013"
9,"Ariana's beautiful vocals help propel this album into being one of the best pop releases of the year with ease. Her song topics are limited, but nonetheless, that is far from a negative as she has mastered this area of music.",2,3,"Sep  9, 2013"
8,"Great album. Only bad songs are Popular Song and Almost Is Never Enough. Every other song is great. She's a much better singer than all of these other teen stars and she has a bright future ahead of her.",3,5,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"Amazing! I loved the songs: Honeymoon Avenue, Right There ft. Big Sean, Better Left Unsaid, Piano, Lovin' It, and You'll Never Know. I also liked Popular Song ft. Mika, Baby I, The Way, and Daydreamin'.",3,5,"Sep  6, 2013"
10,"This girl is the bomb! Her debut album is a throwback to 90's RNB which I totally love, her voice aww dayum! I'm a 19 year old guy and I dig this! This is one of those albums where I like all of the tracks in it. It has that 50's vibe in songs like 'Tattoed Heart' and 'Daydreamin'. The only one that is not the best but still good is 'Popular Song' in my opinion. Overall, I totally recommend this album. Don't judge her album that it might suck just because she's just one of those Nickelodeon teens, I judge her by that before and I was totally wrong! $10 well spent. I usually pirate songs but NOT this one. I can't wait for her next album! She's the one to watch!",2,4,"Sep 13, 2013"
10,"One of the best albums of 2013. Ariana has a pure and unique voice, that sounds perfect with the melody of the songs. She did a great job with Yours Truly.",2,4,"Sep  7, 2013"
3,"This album isn't completely truly, reminds me Mariah Carey's album, like oh wait Ariana Grande needs be more creative, she needs write with a lot of songwriters, and some of her songs are so boring, She has a beautiful voice but when she stops making music boring and perhaps be more creative maybe she can write a beautiful song alone, but let's be truth Honeymoon Avenue, Almost Is never enough,Tattooed Heart are amazing songs with those beautiful Lyrics, and yes Ariana Grande is very talented, but it's still annoying and boring, uncharismatic.",2,4,"Nov 11, 2013"
8,"Ariana Grande has been a talent to watch this year as the 20 year old slowly fades away from Nickelodeon and works on her solo career, now most debut albums for former kid stars are hit or miss. Thankfully 'Yours Truly' the debut album fro Grande proves to be a success with well written songs, great production value, and Outstanding Vocals from Grande herself. The album starts out with the single 'Honeymoon Avenue' which has some similarities with Timberlake's opening track 'Pusher Love Girl' mostly for it's Violin and Strings at the beginning. the first half is ballads that shine because Grande provides plenty of Depth to each track with her own signature style. The second half is more fun and meant to be taken lightly which is a different approach from most pop albums, but 'Yours Truly' manages to pull off this scheme very well. There are a couple of problems, some songs in the middle drag on a little, also it's not a very thoughtful album, the messages here are mostly about young love, nothing more, nothing less. But still 'Yours Truly' is one of the more enjoyable pop albums to come along in a while, and proves that Grande has the chops to pull everything off on her own.",1,2,"Sep 18, 2013"
9,"That's the real R&B right there. She's the most amazing thing that ever came out from Nickelodeon. A true masterpiece from a true singer. 'Yours Truly' shows the true perfection from a 20 years old girl. She is just like a mix from Aaliyah and Mariah Carey.",1,2,"Sep 11, 2013"
9,"Great Album, she has such a huge voice. The tracks are beautiful and well-written. Although The album has two bad songs (Piano and Better left unsaid), It's a good album. I'm going to buy, for sure!",1,2,"Sep  8, 2013"
10,"Ariana Grande began his career now but anyone can not deny that she has the potential and talent to achieve a stable career, the songs from their first album has lyrics and sounds awesome and very well written, it is spectacular and essential to a young artist and if it continues reap good fruit in his career.",1,2,"Apr 24, 2014"
7,"Ariana's irresistible and heavenly sweet voice makes you forget the songwriting's crap to the ears and brain. But only for awhile. Anyhow, it's hard to complain about Ariana, since this her debut. But who knows? Her potential is simply unmatched, and we need a producer and a songwriter to harvest and use that.",1,2,"Apr 15, 2014"
10,"This album is flawless,this is my favorite album in 2013,Ariana showed the world that she is not that stupid little red hair by her amazing voice.This album brought R&B back ,even though this album flopped.But still an amazing album",1,2,"Oct 11, 2014"
10,"This is the best album of her! My favorite of all out there! I can not believe her powerful voice, is perfect!
This album means a lot to me, I don't know what to say, just feel. This album should be an inspiration to others, because they could never do anything like this.
She's the best, I'm completely addicted to all the songs on this album, it really deserves all he could with the album!
Best ones: Honeymoon Avenue, Tattooed Heart, Lovin 'It, The Way and Better Left Unsaid.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"Este lbum debut de Ariana es sin dudas perfecto, un gran lbum con geniales canciones , entre ellas destaco ''The Way'' , ''Honeymoon Avenue'' , ''Daydreamin'' , ''Tattooed Heart'' , ''Piano'' , ''Baby I'' , ''Right There'' , ''Lovin It'' y la cancin de MIKA ''Popular Song''. Perfecto.",1,2,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"Your Truly is in my opinion quite possibly the best album of the year. It's nostalgic sound to the 90s and Grande's vocal is what get s to me. This album deserves Grammys and Grande deserve recognition.",2,5,"Sep  6, 2013"
2,"This new vocalist debut is all kinds of underwhelming. From the obvious marketing product feeling to the general basic feel it gives to the plain and simple rip-off of a bigger artist and legendary voice like Mariah Careys. Its a big fail. Either the girl evolves and finds herself in the future or her career is almost dead before taking off. Such a better album is being released this same week: John Legends 'Love in the future'. And Janelle Mones 'The Electric Lady' the week after.",5,14,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"Ariana Grande is my favorite new artist of 2013 and Yours Truly is one of the best albums of the year! She has an amazing voice and this album is just perfect...it really took me by surprise. The whole album is just amazing and i hope she goes on to win a Grammy for her efforts. She truly deserves all the love she is getting with this fantastic debut album of hers. Ariana has a pure and unique voice, that sounds perfect with the melody of the songs. She did a great job with Yours Truly. My favorites include Baby I, Piano, Tattooed Heart, Better Left Unsaid, Honeymoon Avenue and Almost Is Never Enough!",1,3,"Sep 10, 2013"
0,"childlish, stupid and bad, WHAT ELSE!?    .",2,7,"Jun  6, 2016"
3,"This record is a bit underwhelming, most of tracks turn to be boring and too much similars, anyway Ariana is a strong vocalist, for sure she can do better on the next one.",2,8,"Sep  5, 2013"
10,"This album is amazing, Ariana Grande is really talented. There's no way to compare her to any other teen artist, she's so superior, his music is so mature. I love it!",1,4,"Sep  5, 2013"
1,"Mariah Carey. Regardless of who inspires you, one artist who copies another to the T, should not be considered an artists. Mariah Carey has the most unique voice in modern pop music history and should not have been touched. Ariana Grande virtually robbed Mariah. Its not acceptable, unless pop culture blinds you, as it does the great majority (pop culture IS bias and prejudice [it matters not if one is commoner, president, professional, etc]). More so, MUSIC is much more than just vocals, and Arianas music is nothing special. Considering every aspect, then, Arianas music is a 4 or 5 of ten at best.",2,14,"May 10, 2014"
8,"An unexpected delight. Expectations were at low as possible seeing as how Ariana is a product of Nickelodeon. Each song is beautifully serenaded by Ariana Grande and superb voice. Ariana doesn't come off as another pop artist trying to whore her way through pop culture. Finally the world has a mature, respectable, and truly talented artist.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2013"
10,"This girl is the bomb! Her debut album is a throwback to 90's RNB which I totally love, her voice aww dayum! I'm a 19 year old guy and I dig this! This is one of those albums where I like all of the tracks in it. It has that 50's vibe in songs like 'Piano' and 'Daydreamin'. The only one that is not the best but still good is 'Popular Song' in my opinion. Overall, I totally recommend this album. Don't judge her album that it might suck just because she's just one of those Nickelodeon teens, I judge her by that before and I was totally wrong, she gain my respect! $10 well spent. I usually pirate songs but NOT this one. I can't wait for her next album! She's the one to watch! New best artist of the year goes to her.",0,2,"Sep 13, 2013"
8,"Beautiful debut album by Ariana Grande, her voice is flawless and the violins and various instruments give a certain depth to her music which you don't hear a lot of in pop anymore.",0,1,"Sep 17, 2013"
9,"A little work of art from beginning to end, Ariana takes this opportunity to show her voice, letf aside in her cancelled Nick show 'Victorious', what makes me think she should cancel her current Nick show before it damages her singing career. The song are, in the most, very well written, like 'Honeymoon Avenue', 'Baby I  and are enyojable, but the album could have been more enjoyable without Big Sean interrupting the sequence with his shouts. Leaving some rapping moments aside, 'Yours Truly' is an efficient and successful adult contemporary work, that revitalizes American pop music, while other people are clearly trying to destroy it. My opinion is that Ariana should get a Grammy nomination this year, and I'm not a man who exaggerates things.",0,1,"Oct  8, 2013"
8,"MC.. I do't find her like MC at all.. but she got a MCish vocal ability  Popular stands out as a fun duet  a pretty decent ,likable effort   She could easily pull off We Belong together( teenage version)",0,1,"Nov  7, 2013"
10,"Yes, Ariana's cd deserves a 10, in my view, a soulful, fun, old school r&b cd, which is actually very rare to find in this day and age  love to sing along to her songs, which are also beautifully composed  the fact that she grew up ten miles away from where I was raised, in south Florida, is an added bonus, as well as the fact that she is a vegan and a dog lover  love you, Ariana, and best wishes for so much future success!",0,1,"Dec 13, 2013"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns lanados em 2013, Ariana conhece o potencial vocal que tem e as msicas selecionadas para esse lbum exploram muito bem isso. No por acaso, tem constantemente sido comparada a Mariah Carey.",0,1,"Nov 27, 2013"
10,"Ariana Grande has a spectacular voice, which has a very high range (similar to Mariah Carey). All the songs are magical. Some are danceable while others are pleading ballads. Simply Amazing. This album is simply a gift, from Ariana truly.",0,1,"Feb 18, 2014"
10,"Good vocals, good production, good music. Ariana just teached disney-stars how to do a good album without looking immature. She is likely to have a big career.",0,1,"Dec  6, 2013"
9,"Does she perhaps use a bit too much Mariah C. influence?  Probably.  Still, she certainly does it justice with strong vocal performance throughout the album.  Beats and hooks are consistently catchy and ear-grabbing, as Ariana seems to have mastered the ability to create hits.  The features don't detract from the album, and even provide a nice shift in tone.  Honestly, I don't think she could have done any better with the style she chose for this project.  It still feels like bubblegum pop at times, but her skill makes even the cheapest subject matter fun to listen to.  Definitely recommend dis.",0,1,"Mar 19, 2014"
10,"perfect,music trueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee",0,1,"Jan  3, 2014"
10,"Her vocals on this album are flawless. Also, the throwback but fresh and new style makes it so easy and relaxing to listen to. Tattooed Heart is one of her best songs ever, as well as Lovin It and You'll Never Know. A dazzling debut from a powerhouse vocalist.",0,1,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"Ariana Grande first debut is spetacular, a strong album with great songs and Ariana's powerful voice make this one of the best album I ever listening this year so far.",0,1,"Dec 13, 2015"
9,"Letter clean, sounds just as can stir a crowd, also let us homes, just admiring the monstrous vocals that girl who still has much to learn. Understand the maturity mixed with innocence in his lyrics. All teen romantic mood is something to vague to her, since it is his strong voice. Hardly ever want to hear this stuff and totally new.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2013"
7,"Glad she wasn't Miley Cyrus 2.0 with her debut album. It's like new Mariah Carey. Favorite songs: Tattooed Heart, Baby I, Almost Is Never Enought and Better Left Unsaid.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
7,"Ariana Grande's debut album is unexpectedly amazing. The 90's pop/R&B vibe on it with her angelical voice made this album a big standout. 'Yours Truly' it's just like a Mariah Carey album when she used to made great albuns.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
9,"Absolutely one of the best albums of the year. Yours truly for a first album is amazing. And by someone this young is impressive. What's amazing about this album is her voice. Ariana's voice is a gem to listen to and something you can't really find by singers these days. This is one of the best of the year because of that. Stand outs are the way, honeymoon avenue, and my favorite tattooed heart. The only reason why this Doesn't get the full ten is because only 2 songs popular song and you'll never know are the ones I don't like.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2013"
10,"For years we have been tolerating debut albums with material lyrics, unoriginal music style and terrible live performances, and they become popular, then gradually forgotten. Pop songs are mostly just club-friendly with unchanging drums and similar lyrical content. These people are selling singles. No one cares about the quality of a whole album. With several pop songs reaching top of the charts, then you work is done. Congratulations to Rihanna and Katy Perry for that. When Mariah has number one hits in the 90's, at least Mariah has a golden voice and occasionally produced a great album like Daydream. It becomes rare to really enjoy a nice vocal performance from female artists these days.
Finally we have Ariana to give us something fresh, classy and enjoyable. And the songs are memorable. The girls is selling an album, not singles. It is inevitable for people to compare Ariana to Mariah all the time. With the crazy vocals and Pop/R&B Diva-ish music style, Ariana is kind of what we all want as the new generation's Mariah Carey, without all the diva stuff. It will be interesting to see what Ariana Grande delivers us in the future. With the voice, the look and the heart she got, she'll go pretty far.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2014"
7,"Yours Truly is a pleasurable experience: like seeing someone you've known for years in the street, or going to a birthday party like the ones you had as a kid, but with the exclusion of your drunk aunty. However, after a few days, do you still fervently recall it? The party? The friend? Be honest; you wouldn't. That exactly sums up my feelings towards Yours Truly, a confident, well-produced throwback to 90's R&B with a little bit of doo-wop thrown into the mix for good measure. Whilst there's a few standout songs there (The Way, Baby I, Piano), the rest are agreeable, but nothing special, album fillers. However, there's an immense amount of heart and soul in there: the fact that Grande and her producers have been tweaking and singing and writing the songs as if their very lives depended on it is very prevalent. It left us expecting a great sophomore album. That didn't necessarily happen, the heart and soul replaced with a newly found corporate sheen and the R&B rhythms gone, and EDM beats instead sitting in its place. Ariana Grande has a fantastic voice, but both her first and second albums didn't reach their full potential. Here's hoping third time lucky, but now she's a stratospheric pop princess with worldwide hits like Problem or Break Free, corporate moguls who like to suck the life out of everything may prevail.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2015"
10,"All the songs in Ariana's album are great, filled with power and the whistles are fun to listen to. Overall, its a strong album. This is one of the best albums of the year.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2014"
9,"'Yours Truly' is a strong debut album from Ariana Grande. While I enjoyed the majority of the album, my personal favourites are 'Baby I' (when she stumbles to put her love for a crush into words), 'Tattooed Heart' (when she wants to be with a guy), and 'Piano' (when she sings about wanting to make a song that makes people want to dance). However, the only song that doesn't work for me is 'Better Left Unsaid'; I appreciated the beginning, when it sounded like it was going to be a normal ballad, but then it turned into a dance track. Overall, 'Yours Truly' is a wonderful album filled with R&B-fused potential hits.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2016"
8,"This album was a decent debut for this girl.  Shame her second album sucks donkey balls.  She's succumbed to pressure to become like every other singer out there right now.  Sad.  I thought Yours Truly was a nice slice of R&B/pop though.  Would recommend it.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2014"
10,"Espetacular! Ariana Grande sem dvidas  mais nova estrela da msica da gerao atual. Alm de ter uma voz quase inacreditvel para uma garota to nova, suas msicas so muito radiofnicas e agradveis. 'Yours Truly'  um grande album al Mariah Carey.",0,0,"May  8, 2014"
10,"She should leave those basic sounds with basic rappers and make more songs like this album's ones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..............
.
.
.
.
.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2016"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de estreia que j ouvi vindo de uma artista to jovem. Sem prometer, esse lbum cumpriu todas as expectativas, msicas como 'Tattoed Heart', 'Right There' e 'Honeymoon Avenue' so especiais e fascinantes, d vontade de ouvir cada vez mais. Espero que para os prximos trabalhos a Ariana mantenha essa sonoridade gostosa como a do Yours Truly e no caia muito no mainstream.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2014"
7,"fgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfgggggggggggggggggggfggggggggggggggggggg",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
8,"After 1 F****** Year, I'm still in love with this album. The vocals and the instrumentals are incredible. I'll hope she does some day another album so great as this one.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2014"
9,"QQHoneymoon Avenue
The WayHoneymoon AvenueAriana
Honeymoon Avenue
Daydreamin
Tattooed Heartdoo-wop1954
MikaPopular SongYour Trulylevel",0,0,"Jan 22, 2015"
10,"A spectacular debut by the young Nickelodeon star. People were really surprised by the vocals and content of the album. Haha at the people who thought Yours Truly was gonna be full of bubblegum pop and **** like other generic Disney / Nickelodeon stars. Her vocals are literally flawless, and the first three tracks are a great first impression. Tracks 11 and 12 (Popular Song and Better Left Unsaid) seem a little out of place, but those minor missteps aside, this is one of the best debuts of 2013.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"Ariana Grande's debut album is my favorite album of all-time and she's my favorite artist of all-time, she really know how to use her incredible soprano voice and make us feel comfortable with your vocals, i love this album so much and she is awesome!/ O lbum de estreia de Ariana Grande  o meu lbum favorito de todos os tempos, ela  minha artista favorita de todos os tempos, sabe como usar sua incrvel voz soprano e fazer-nos sentir confortveis com seus vocais, eu amo esse lbum e ela  tima!",0,0,"Jan 28, 2015"
10,"An extremely underrated album. It's throwback but the tunes are catchy enough to keep it relevant today. Some of my personal favorites are Honeymoon Avenue, Tattooed Heart, and You Will Never Know. The Way is radio friendly but also shows off Grande's immense vocal ability. One of the best albums of the decade to be quite honest.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2015"
9,"Amo esse album! Sdds,espero que seu prximo seja pelo menos parecido com esse
Melhores msica ''Honeymoon Avenue'' 'Baby I'' ''Almost Is Never Enough'",0,0,"Jun 23, 2015"
10,"Even though it's her debut album, Ariana Grande demonstrates a great professionalism in each song. In the course of the album, the listener feels more captivated and thrilled, sharing the same feelings of the author. Besides, you can feel a great nostalgia,
due its influences of the 90 's. Featured songs: 'Honeymoon Avenue', 'Tattooed Heart', 'Better Left Unsaid', 'Daydreamin' and 'The Way'.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Ariana Grande is a great singer and this album is very good, with wonderful sounds and trails are beautiful
Yours Truly is a fully quality album.
It is an album that I will never get tired of listening",0,0,"Aug 22, 2015"
8,"I really love this album, I didn't think that a Nickelodeon actress could release an album with this quality. It's so sad that she changed her style and became comercial with ''My Everything''. Maybe she will change with Moonlight but I don't think so. Honeymoon Avenue is my favorite song of her..",0,0,"Dec  6, 2015"
10,"hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio hinrio",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"amooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo demais!!!!!",0,0,"Sep 18, 2015"
7,"Spectacularly catchy songs are the content of Ariana's debut, and the production is also top-notch albeit sometimes a tad bit too sweet and sugary. Grande's vocals are great and elevates her horrible lyricism into a more listenable state.
This album is worth a purchase if you don't mind Ariana's terrible lyricism.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"rainha pisou, melhor album da carreira, maior nota teen no metacritic, s resta aceitar n moresssssss rainha teen  assim mesmo, pisa maisssssss dona",0,0,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"um lbum muito leve,e as msicas tem uma timo combinao e mostra muito bem as suas tcnicas vocais..Ela deve continuar assim, um lbum totalmente diferente das outras teens.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
7,"henny owes me $10.99 for the cost of the new wig I have to buy from the weave store after the snatchedT me bald yasss queen album of the month. I had to take a couple points off for thaT. Good album otherwise.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Amazing. Excellent. Brilliant. Super. Appealing. Grammy-Worthy. Incredible Vocals. High Notes On Point. Other Artists Would Never. Queen of Pop. Queen of Vocals.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"Ariana Grande is the voice of her generation and has such great talent for music. Her voice other than her vocal range, is beautiful most of the time throughout the album and the rest of the time is showcasing in singing abilities. Her tone is lovely and her songs are very hearted with meaning but has a lot of energy in other tunes too. It's something I don't really find on mainstream done with such grace and balance, I feel very pleased listening to her variety of songs. It seems like very few people reviewed Ariana Grande's first album here. The initial excitement for her release is still there, even after My Everything era had a smashing success, the critically acclaimed Yours Truly might be the beloved favorite for her fans. And it might be her favorite too, because she is very identified with it, she wishes she lived in Honeymoon Avenue and has tattoed hearts on her body. This was a #1 album as well but the overall opinion was that she was very underlooked. She is the opposite now, a superstar viewed and regarded to high standards when it comes to about anything measurable that indicates success. She is considered a hit maker now but essentially Ariana Grande always wanted to make an R&B album, this will always be the foundation of her career, which I hope is very long lived. When people doubt her future or recent material, they can always check out Yours Truly, I think she could make anyone appreciate it and see how Ariana has a great place in music. As we can see she can be a full pop star or a very gifted R&B singer, there is no way she doesn't continue growing as an artist. And we can't settle for Yours Truly to be her best album. More great music please, Ariana. Come on",0,0,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"Melhor lbum da Ariana,a bicha lacra,a bicha fesha,vamos ver se com Dangerous Woman a viada vai superar o hinrio que  o Yours Truly.
ARIANA GRANDE EU ESCOLHI TE AMAR!",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Perfection. That's the best best way to describe this album, almost iconic, this is her best work,  and i'm to see she went to Hollywood Arts to the top of the charts.",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
7,"i have to say that if you compare my everything and dangerous woman to this album you will see how much Ariana had grown. I have to admit that this album is my least favorite out of all her albums. The songs are ok and well written . I have to give it to her for those amazing vocals  of hers. I am happy that she is growing into a huge artist and that her first album did quite well with the charts and also sales.
My score:
1. Honeymoon Avenue 7/10
2. Baby I 7/10
3. Right there ft Big Sean 8/10
4. Tattooed heart 7/10
5. Lovin' it 6/10
6. Piano 8/10
7. Daydreamin 7/10
8. The way ft Mac miller 8/10
9. You'll never know 7/10
10. Almost is never enough ft Nathan Skyes 8/10
11. Popular song (With Mika) 9/10
12. Better left unsaid 7/10
overall: 74",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
10,"This Album Is Amazing It Truly Deserves My Rating. The Album Blends R&B And Pop In An Amazing Way. In My Opinion This Album Definitely Stands Out From Her Other 2 Albums.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"Ah, what an espectacular debut. It's a mix of pop and R&B that perfectly combines with her strong voice. The songs are also emotional and catchy, making at first an unforgettable record.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
9,"*****New
Honeymoon Avenue - 10
Baby I - 9
Right There - 9
Tattooed Heart - 10
Lovin' It - 7
Piano - 8
Daydreamin' - 9
The Way - 10
You'll Never Know - 10
Almost Is Never Enough - 10
Popular Song - 9
Better Left Unsaid - 8
Final Score - 9",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
10,"This album is the greatest album i have ever heard from Brian Wilson! I 100% recommend this album to everyone considering purchasing this masterpiece, 11/10 if possible!",0,1,"May  9, 2016"
5,"This album is a bare minimum for music I can't understand why any one would buy this and say this was worth the money. I do admit some of the songs were good but it dosn't make up for the rest of this album",0,0,"May 10, 2016"
7,"Bog standard Travis fair here. Mellow pop stuff with dollops of self deprecating humour and a lot of heart. They are a band that's hard to hate. Welcome back Travis!",1,1,"Aug 28, 2013"
10,"just great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Aug 29, 2013"
10,"Travis did it again! This album, although lacking a 'big' hit, is overall a great Travis album! You would enjoy the album much more if you started listening to it from the first song to the end, instead of listening to the songs individually. Well done Travis!",0,0,"Aug 31, 2013"
9,"Travis was never really a mainstream band. They had few world-known singles, but they never were that big band LLC. And they are quite fine with that. They are that quiet, introverted guy in every party that everybody knows of, whose wisdom is well-known, who has biggest influence in bringing all those people in the same room, but never got credit for it.
Early in their age (as a band) they found their sound and that sound instigated forming of many bands. Like Coldplay, Keane, Snow Patrol... I read somewhere that they were Mumford & Sons long time before Mumford & Sons learned how to play an instrument. In that, sense of reinvention, they might be boring to regular listener -- because you heard it all before. But to a fan, like me, they will be that band I will always return to. Band that I will always love, which is responsible for my music taste and for pinch of nostalgia and melancholy in every playlist I made. Band I loved before I even knew music is so important to me.
So where does 'Where You Stand' stand? Before I graded it I decided to listen their complete discography and it sounds like all their records before, but grown-up. It is Travis at its core, essence but serious. Like that quiet, introverted guy has just finished college and it is great life in front of him. It is remarkably written, accompanied with amazing Travis-like tunes, songs are arranged in good order, and because all of it - it will not fail you. It will not change you life, either, at least right now. Where You Stand is an album whose value will be recognized later. An album that maybe won't increase Travis fan base, but it is made for fans.
Like they sing in 'Warning Sign' Don't let your heart run out on me - as if that would be possible?",0,0,"Apr 17, 2014"
10,"Neon may not be the best of the best but it is an improvement for Jay Sean and I hope he continues with that, for I have liked Jay Sean songs and albums and I know he is a great singer with a lot of potential and opportunities to make it in the world.",1,1,"Jan  2, 2015"
10,"It is one of the best albums of the year! With good vocals, very catchy tunes and two amazing singles released before hand Selena has really outdone herself proving that she is definitely one of the leading pop stars of 2013. The album itself is very diverse, with Like A Champion having a jamaican vibe to it, to Come And Get It with a hindi tune to the dance heavy B.E.A.T and Birthday to the more intimate Love Will Remember and Nobody Does It Like You to hopefully the albums next single Save The Day. The album has a great resemblance to a Shakira or perhaps Rihanna album and is definitely worth the wait!",15,24,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"'Stars Dance' lbum da Selena Gomez  com certeza um lbum que eu compraria sem pensar duas vezes.  um lbum animado, divertido, com uma tima sonoridade. Msicas animadas como 'Come and get it' e as tristes e calmas porm com uma letra tima, como 'Love Will Remember'.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",2,2,"Jun 15, 2015"
2,"Stars Dance  um lbum enjoativo, com msicas que s foram feitas para vender. Seus albuns anteriores, quando ainda era 'Selena Gomez & The Scene' so bem melhores que esse. Espero que ela acerte na prximo, ela tem talento para isso.",3,4,"Sep  6, 2014"
0,"Poderia dizer maravilhas desse lbum mas parece mais aqueles lbuns que do de graa no iTunes pra ver se sai do flop, que s tem msicas ruins sabe? Vendeu quase porra nenhuma, e pelo menos tem duas msicas nota 8 que  CAGI e SD fora isso,  um cuzinho doce, no pisou nem no Demi q bela merda viu",3,4,"Nov 22, 2014"
0,"Stars Dance is one of the worst albums I've ever heard in my lifetime. Take the first track for instance. Birthday is an upbeat pop song. First of all, Gomez's vocals have been so dramatically altered with auto-tune that it sounds like she's singing in a tin can. And what is that inappropriate moaning in the background? Birthday is an unwelcoming first track for Stars Dance.
Now, there are some decent tracks like Slow Down and Stars Dance, the title track. In fact, Stars Dance is amazing. Come & Get It is a catchy Bollywood song, but the chorus is so repetitive and monotone. And what's the message of the song? 'When you're ready come and get it?' That's just...no.
Don't get me started on Like a Champion. That accent she tries to use is horrible. I can't even get through the whole song. There are many boring filler tracks, like Save the Day, Write Your Name, and Forget Forever. Those songs are just a snooze fest. And the worst song of the album...it's B.E.A.T. It's like Selena's TRYING to make the worst song ever made. The chorus is excruciating to listen to. The lyrics are bland and meaningless. It's a sad attempt at a 'fun dance track.'
Maybe brainwashed fans think that this is a good album, or that 'It is one of the best albums of the year!' It is nowhere close to 'one of the best pop albums of the years.' And it will never reach the status of a Shakira or 'perhaps Rihanna album.' It's just another generic Hollywood Records pop album 'jam' and full of sh*t. I greatly criticize her for the sickening use of auto-tune. This album is almost as bad as Rebecca Black's 'Friday.' At least Friday wasn't a genuine and serious song. Selena is trying to shove Stars Dance down people's throats, and millions of people detest this album.
If her music career is not over yet, then I wish (in vain) that her next album will be bearable enough to listen to.",3,4,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"One of the best pop albuns of the years. Selena is not that pretty little girl anymore. Now she's trying to be a woman, and she's doing it right. The album is so good and you feel like you're in a party all the time, but when starts 'Love Will Remember' is like you remind all your love problems back. The only one song is not good is Write Your Name, but I still can listem to that.",11,16,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"Amazing album. Catchy tunes, amazing beats and decent vocals makes Stars Dance her best album yet. She really did a good job on it, definitely worth the wait. She is the living proof that growing up doesn't mean be vulgar, or whatever. Just make good music, with more mature music and sound overall.
Best ones: Birthday, Like a Champion, Slow Down, and the top 10 hit single 'Come & Get It'",4,6,"Aug 30, 2013"
0,"Very disappointed, it's messy & autotuned...her vocals are TERRIBLE. She has a terrible voice I don't know why she's getting money from this album, JUST KEEP YOUR MONEY AWAY FROM THIS",4,6,"Oct  3, 2013"
9,"This is the second cd I wanted to review, for the same reason, I think it is so under-rated.  I am a 45 year old male and I recall how critics ripped Madonna's Like a Virgin CD apart, and I love that one too.  Shame on you, critic, for saying that Selena is screaming like a whore on Birthday when she has become a sensual young woman  whoever wrote that review is a pervert.  Selena is so talented and I sincerely like every song on this cd  it is so fun and so high energy and. like will.i am's cd, it is one of my favorite gym cd's this year  Selena please do not pay attention to the haters  you WILL be the next JLO!",2,3,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"SELENA CRESCEU E SE TORNOU UMA GRANDE ARTISTA. SUAS MSICAS TRAZEM A FELICIDADE E CONTAGIA. ELA QUERIA PASSAR UMA MENSAGEM DE CURTIR UM POUCO NS MESMOS, BRINCANDO COM NOSSAS SITUAES PROBLEMTICAS E MAIS TOLAS DE NOSSAS VIDAS.",2,3,"Dec 26, 2013"
6,"Birthday, Slow Down, Stars Dance, Come & Get It, B.E.A.T., Love Will Remember, and Music Feels Better were great, but the rest of the music? Like a Champion was annoying, and Forget Forever and Write Your Name were too repetitive. Plus, there's too much AutoTune. I don't mind Ke$ha using it, but Selena Gomez should forget it. If she didn't know of its existence, she could have been a great singer today.
Personally, I prefer her 'Kiss & Tell' debut album over this.",2,3,"May  8, 2014"
0,"lbum horrvel, empregado do Yours Truly, merece um 0 bem grande, sem falar que a qualidade desse lbum(Inexistente)  horrvel, as letras so horrveis, tudo  horrvel e merece 0.",2,3,"May  9, 2015"
0,"Noting stupid pop trash. And her younger fans shouldn't get this album. Listen the her song 'Birthday' and you'll know what I mean. Anyway, her vocals are TERRIBLE. She has a terrible voice I don't know why she's getting money from this album. As for the lyrics, they're terrible as well. Nothing but the same topic (love) and then a beat...seriously this modern age we get nothing but terrible music that only attracts teens. I miss the good days when music was real and had a meaning. Now we get this trash. As for her fans, I don't know what to say. I mean, the only reason I would like her is because Selena is gorgeous, but other than that I don't see why her fans like her music... Even if she was the one who wrote 'Stupid Hoe' they would still like it... Don't call me a hater, but if you call yourself a singer, then you must have good vocals and know how to make good lyrics, both in which Selena does not have. I'm ashamed that people actually like this album...",9,14,"Jul 24, 2013"
8,"'Stars Dance,' Selena Gomez's debut solo album, is clearly one of the most highly anticipated releases of 2013.  It not only showcases true talent, but experiments with a variety of genres, from electronic to dub step.  Gomez, who just recently turned 21 after the release of 'Stars Dance,' also demonstrates a new approach for the singer to the music business, as it's different from her three previous albums that she had  done with her band, The Scene ('Kiss & Tell,' 'A Year Without Rain,' and 'When the Sun Goes Down').
Track-by-Track Review:
1. 'Birthday'  8/10; a great way to start off the album
2. 'Slow Down'  9/10; 'Slow Down' is an ultra-catchy track with an infectious hook
3. 'Stars Dance'  6/10; has a nice beat, but definitely not the best song on the album
4. 'Like a Champion'  3/10; catchy, but probably the worst song on the album
5. 'Come & Get It'  9/10; probably one of the best songs on the album
6. 'Forget Forever'  8/10; it has a nice beat and some good lyrics to go along with it
7. 'Save the Day'  10/10; definitely the best song on the entire album
8. 'B.E.A.T.'  6.5/10; a good song, but nothing too special
9. 'Write Your Name'  8/10; a song that stands out on the album and is indeed very catchy
10. 'Undercover'  9/10; a song that clearly separates itself from the rest of the record
11. 'Love Will Remember'  7/10; a good way to end the album",3,5,"Jul 27, 2013"
10,"Absolutely love this album! Great vocals, catchy tunes, and love the drums! Don't know why everyone is hating on it...great everything. Guys, it went to #1, why is it bad?",3,5,"Sep  6, 2013"
10,"Amazing album. Catchy tunes, amazing beats and decent vocals makes Stars Dance her best album yet. She really did a good job on it, definitely worth the wait. She is the living proof that growing up doesn't mean be vulgar, or whatever. Just make good music, with more mature music and sound overall.",3,5,"Oct 17, 2013"
1,"These songs sound like they all rolled off the same mindless assembly line as those of a dozen other marketing-manufactured mediocre 'stars'. Come and Get It sounded fun the first time or two I heard it, I admit that. But then it quickly becomes annoying, once you realize how utter banal and insipid it actually is.",3,5,"Apr 17, 2014"
0,"pior lbum da histria do Pop teen. Esse lbum  horrivel, tinha que ter tido nota 46. Esse lbum  mais comercial que todos da selena, sem contar que ela s escreve 1 linha do album e acha que escreveu muito ou teve muito trabalho, ah v toma no cu. Sem contar que tem msicas sobre sexo, e ela tem muitos fs (selenojos) com 10 anos. Pra mim artista BOM  aquele que toca instrumentos, canta de verdade, compe e no faz um lbum (ou toda discografia) comercial. Ela s escreve 2 linhas e acha que  trabalho duro, imagina se ela escrevesse o lbum todo? JESUS. No sei como ela se d bem nas venda,s charts, etc. Esse album  bem enjoativo e s tem musicas feitas para vender.",3,5,"Apr 23, 2015"
4,"I keep hoping against hope that something valid will come out of the ever-churning child star machine, but every time it seems to be the same formulaic illness, and sorry Selina  you've got the fever. As with Britney and the like before her, the production is top notch, but whoever scrounged the dumpster for the song selection was playing it far too safe. Sadly this is another edition of selling a slightly talented pretty face.",4,7,"Jul 25, 2013"
5,"An album almost nothing funny  Come Get It feature  and others but the rest is more of the same  but they look something like what makes Rihanna or Britney Spears  Well at least this is better than the last.",3,6,"Jul 25, 2013"
0,"So when Selena Gomez will find that she is a singer? Even when she will find that singing with a voice weak and poor will gain more fans? Stars Dance comes with one of the biggest jokes of the year, this album easily enter as defining generic music, maybe Selena should devote your time with some theater course to improve his performance, as his music career seems to have no way.",3,6,"Dec  3, 2013"
3,"horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel horrivel",3,6,"Apr  3, 2015"
7,"I have listened to all of Selena Gomez's album, and I think Star Dance is one of her best. Among the songs I liked are Star dance, come & get it and slow down.",2,4,"Jul 24, 2013"
10,"I think Selena made a good job!
She isnt Have a big/strong voice,but this is pretty good!
If You wanna have fun You Have to Listen Stars Dance of SG!",2,4,"Feb  3, 2014"
3,"was kind of disappointed with this :/ so much autotune which shows no good vocals at all and she is the weakest vocally out of her old disney costars.",2,4,"Feb 17, 2015"
5,"I hope more. The singles are very good, but the others songs not at all. too much dance and empty songs to me. Selena had fun with this album, I like it but just a Little.",1,2,"Nov 25, 2013"
5,"It has some notable tracks, the rest are kind of bland. Plus I have to give points off for not even writing the songs yourself, I see no point in that. Selena should step it up.
Notable Tracks:
Birthday
Come & Get It
B.E.A.T.
Undercover",1,2,"Dec  9, 2013"
8,"I was quite happy with this album. Stars Dance is better than all of Selena's previous albums. The songs are less childish, which is good, cause the Selenators who used to listen to Kiss & Tell in 2009, have grown, so they need growth in music. I think there's a lot of influence by Britney Spears on this album, which is also good, cause I love Britney. The beats on Stars Dance really make you wanna dance, so I get the title. I love the fact that Selena put a lot of dubstep on this. Sel experimented with a lot of different genres and I think she did a good thing doing that. Still, she's not the world's greatest singer. Her voice is very breathy, which makes songs like 'Come & Get It' fit perfectly to her voice. Other songs, however, like 'Nobody Does It Like You' are too high for her. This causes the high notes to sound kind of irritating. I also think the bonus tracks are extremely bad. But, the rest of the album is really good. My personal favorites are its title track, 'Stars Dance', 'Undercover', 'Slow Down' and 'Forget Forever'.",1,2,"Feb 27, 2014"
4,"This album does not bring anything good, just irrelevant songs like Birthday, Slow Down and B.E.A.T and can be considered a joke near their previous work When The Sun Goes Down and A Year Without Rain.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
5,"Selena Gomez now is really a gown girl, but still thinking like a little teenage... 'Stars Dance' has a good vibes, but still a homogenic album, with beats that sound the same...",1,2,"Jul 18, 2014"
7,"A good album to dance and have fun. But overuse of auto tune on some music and she forgot to focus on the quality of the songs, but is good to hear.
Highlights: Birthday and Love Will Remember
Lows: Write Your Name and Stars Dance",1,2,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"pode ter pegado amarelo tour nesse mas no proximo vem verde pra rainha, vem 1kk sem precisar relanar cd,tour,dvd e tudo mais pra ficar no nearly 1kk  resta aceitar",1,2,"Apr 28, 2015"
0,"Le pondra ms pero realmente es muy bsico y ella la verdad es que no canta. Yo creo que ella debera dedicarse a lo que mejor hace y es la actuacin  porque como cantante da mucha lastima.",1,2,"Sep  4, 2015"
0,"This totally trash. This girl can't sing, dance or act. She shouldn't have a career at all in this industry. A shame some people can't see that. But well, hopefully she quits her career for good.",1,2,"Sep 20, 2015"
0,"Apesar de ter um forte carro-chefe, Stars Dance deixa muito a desejar quanto sua composio. Esperava mais de voc mudagirl. Depois de Jelena achamos que voc iria hitar, mas no foi chupa-fama o suficiente. Tenta com a Taylor agora Megamente, vamos ver se vai.",1,2,"Sep 24, 2015"
0,"This album is a disgrace to the world of pop music. Selena Gomez is a horror, a terrible singer, a terrible dancer and a lousy actress. Stop making music, Selena, stop. You have no talent for it.",1,2,"Oct  7, 2015"
0,"This album is a complete fail. The background music is heart-stopping, but the vocals, lyrics and production is overly produced and shows no acoustic talents for both Selena and produces. The best, least messy song on the album is Come and Get It, which is unfortunate, since the song is not profound. Actually, the whole album is a repetitive form of a dance song. There are absolutely no ballads on the album, and 'Love Will Remember' is an awkward attempt at one after ten songs of dance music. Selena has mid-core attempts at singing, but this album does her no justice, since the songs hide both her personality, and her voice. Better luck next time, Selena. But for the good of my ears, hopefully there will not be a next time.",10,21,"Jul 23, 2013"
2,"I loved Birthday, but the rest of the album is boring. I'm not surprised with this, cause it's a pop project made by Selena Gomez, or better, producers that want money.",6,13,"Jul 23, 2013"
5,"From its risque beginning ('Birthday', which composes handclaps, moans, and sexual innuendo into Gomez's wildest musical entry yet) to its ending formulaic so-and-so R&B-esque ballad 'Love Will Remember' (which was reportedly written about her infamous relationship with Canadian teen pop idol Justin Bieber), Stars Dance was simply made for one thing and Gomez has made it clear in more than one interview what that one thing is: to make you dance. But beyond that, Stars Dance never reaches for the stars (maybe it was meant to make them dance too, as the Ellie Goulding influenced title track suggests) and it has no meaning nor purpose to really exist. Gomez has also made it clear that she wishes to leave her music career behind her in favor of her acting career, which makes sense because Gomez has never really established herself a musical identity beyond the innocent Disney diva so many others her age have pursued. The cultural lead single 'Come and Get It' at least solidifies the fact that Gomez can work with producers and that she can be anyone she wants to be (especially Rihanna) except herself. So overall, Gomez's 'Selenators' should be more than pleased but beyond its target audience, its presence is thin.",4,9,"Oct 11, 2013"
0,"She sounds like she's trying to be Britney Spears. 'Come & Get It' comes out as the only good song on the record, the other ones sound dated and used the old 2011 formula, which is getting the general public kind of tired, pop  dubstep.",4,9,"Aug  1, 2013"
10,"This album is amazing, you can listen without skipping any tracks. Every track is amazing and lovely. 'Love Will Remember' shows how Selena can be a good songwriter.",3,7,"Jul 23, 2013"
3,"Much awaited with the two first good singles, Stars Dance is a disappointment. It is the kind of record you listen, dance on, and then forget. It reminds Alexandra Burke's last horrible effort, just a little bit better produced. After listening to Stars Dance, you will only remember the surprising and sexy 'Birthday' and the two first singles for their beat, that's all. Selena is working with good producers, she has to give to her next record creativity, ambition and authenticity.",8,19,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"Selena Gomez has yet another album that makes me want to dance to it. I really like it because all of the songs have that vibe to it that is really dance able to. Birthday Is a really awesome song you can clap to on your own birthday! B.E.A.T has a kind of vibe like Ke$ha's Tik Tok! Come and Get It has an indian vibe to it that is spiritual and really a greatly written song. Forget Forever is a lovely song about her break up with Justin Bieber. Like A Champion is an awesome song to dance to with a reggae and Jamaican vibe. Love Will Remember is a sweet song. All in all, this album will be a hit that I think is going to be brought on ITunes by many!",4,11,"Jul 26, 2013"
0,"This album sucks and Selena Gomez is the definition of no talent, pop star wanna be, look at me i am pretty and white therefore i can get whatever i want, let me date people more famous than me so i can move up in case system .
This is her worst album yet the only songs i recommend are come and get it, slow down, undercover, love will remember and stars dance (the song)",4,11,"Oct 27, 2013"
10,"Not her best, but probably one of the best  dance/pop albums of the year. She is very involved in the design of this album, wrote some of the songs. His voice is much stronger and beautiful. Congratulations!",5,14,"Jul 23, 2013"
5,"An album full of electro and unusual sample, Rihanna's Man Down cover and a bit of nothing, the beat is good, bud is just to sell, miss the quality of this 'masterpiece'.",2,6,"Aug 30, 2013"
6,"Her debut album without her band, Selena Gomez and the Band, was released by Selena with a new, sexier, yet 'PG' rated image, which makes sense beause she is still with Disney when this album was released.
The tracklist of the album were okay for a debut album. The sexy opening song of the album, Birthday, seems to be a more 'PG' rated version of Rihanna's 'Birthday Cake', only the song is more catchier, more longer and the point of the song is there, it's about a freaking birthday. The closing song, Love Will Remember, is the best song to close this album. Even though it addresses to her ex, Justin Bieber, the electronic feel of the song does not feel emotional at all despite its catchiness.
There are not much highlights of the album which is disapointing. The highlights were Birthday and B.E.A.T., a sexy song that channels Dev.
The best highlight of the album was 'Forget Forever', which could have been a better lead single than its Indian music-inspired, Come and Get It.
Even though it's a great debut album from Selena Gomez, it lacked diversity in its production.",1,3,"Oct  8, 2013"
6,"Selena shows us what we are already tired of seeing, nonetheless, Stars Dance sounds so generic that this must be the reason that, even if not entirely, does it work at certain points.",1,3,"Oct 29, 2013"
9,"With this album she has really come out in the music scene having a great pop, trap and hip style that will do great in the clubs. Many may take time to accept this trap side but eventually will have to.",1,3,"Jul 26, 2013"
10,"selena make a good job with this album. Is so fantastic She left her side disney teen and is now a grown woman I'm so happy to see the growth of this girl, the way she has matured so fast. no words to speak",1,3,"Sep 13, 2013"
9,"I'm loving this album. Although some of the songs are overproduced, they are still catchy. Every single song managed to capture my attention (a reference to the song SLOW DOWN lol). My favorite would have to be LIKE A CHAMPION. it's a definite champ to me and would love it to be the next single.",1,3,"Sep 27, 2013"
8,"Selena Gomez' latest is evidently a dance oriented work, with no further intentions, and I have to say that it fills the expectations. The most important thing of this album is something that lacks in others: balance. Plus, the songs are well-sequenced, which gives the album some extra points. Songs are funny, despite the massive use of autotune. You can listen the album from beginning to end easily. 'Come and get it', 'Save the day' and 'Music feels better' (this last one with a slight eighties touch) are catchy, and that's more than you can ask from a Selena Gomez album. The production is also clean, and finally, this maybe is not a great album, miss Gomez vocals are not the best in industry,. but ithis work shows more pros than cons and that's why I'll give this release a positive score.",1,3,"Oct  8, 2013"
10,"Great album. She has a really good voice. She really evolved from her Disney songs. Not to mention she is beautiful, she also has a bright future ahead of her.",1,3,"Apr 15, 2014"
10,"Selena always doing good and soothing music. This time she's putting us to dance even more. When you ready come and get this amazing album, with amazing songs.",1,4,"Jul 23, 2013"
8,"This album is fun, delightful, and enlightening. All music is dance, which blands it out a little nu ti enjoy the songs. If you're taking it on a real serious note then you have to get a hold of yourself. Of course its some pop crap but its enjoyable. There are only a couple of songs with very little amount of meaning but it directs more of the dance culture but its a feel good album. Her voice of course isn't great, and what we are listening to is nothing too are from a scale from 1  10 of inappropriateness for the youngins  would be 4 or 5 depending on how you feel for your child's ears. Nothing explicit. No original content, but its for fun. Show some love and lighten up a little. Quality and production is cool. Vocals are below average.",1,4,"Jul 29, 2013"
5,"Admittedly, it is evident that Selena Gomez has grown from her previous album. However, to me, this album just lacks a whole lot of authenticity. Sure, the songs are great to dance to, and most of them are pretty catchy, but is this album memorable? Sadly, no. Furthermore, the heavy-reliance on production was a little disappointing; I would have loved to hear Selena's raw voice instead of computers singing for her. The problem with this is that her live performances become let-downs, because she is incapable of efficiently showcasing her vocals. Selena has such a lovely voice, but her soft voice is all masked away. In saying that, if Selena chooses to venture out more in music in the future, hopefully she can lose the electronic feel and try something more acoustic. Stand-outs are Come & Get It, Save The Day and Like A Champion.",0,1,"Dec 21, 2013"
6,"OK, its obvious no one here knows how to actually review and album. There either way too happy and fan obsessed or just a complete hater. Here's an actual review.
Let me start by saying Selena has a iffy voice nowhere near Demi but nice and sweet to hear unlike Miley.
01) Birthday: An awkward song trying to be sexy while still sounding kiddy (3/5).
02) Slow Down: Danceable, but gets bland after about 15 listens (4/5).
03) Stars Dance: The title track that os both sweet yet heart shopping at the same time. A dubstep influenced song (5/5).
04) Like A Champion: Influenced by Rihanna this Caribbean definitely gets you moving and catchy with the chorus (4/5).
05) Come And Get It: Originally belonging to Rihanna, this Bollywood inspired song is both lyrically and production wise perfect (5/5).
06) Forget Forever: The first song about her relationship with Justin, the song starts off slow and breathy, the moves into a large EDM full on dance hit (5/5).
07) Save The Day: The Jennifer Lopez song that Selena got. The song is good and danceable but might have been a hit if J.Lo song it (4/5).
08) B.E.A.T.: A wannabe Dev song that ultimately feels interesting after a couple of listens. The song isn't really original but makes up with the catchy chorus (3.5/5).
09) Write Your Name:  Sweet little song that ultimately ends up being the most forgettable song on the album and is completely understandable (3.2/5).
10) Undercover: The catchy dance track is sure to get your body moving and have you saying 'You don't need no other lover we can keep this under cover' all day everyday (5/5).
11) Love Will Remember: Thing only ballad on the CD panned by Rock Mafia this beautiful song is amazing but this new version without the voice feels less personal then the original still amazing with the 'Lo-o-oo-ooo-ove' in the chorus (5/5).
Bonas Track:
12) Nobody Does It Like You: The perfect dance track with beautiful lyrics and a surprising dubstep break down in the chorus (5/5).
13) Music Feels Better: Younger then you'd think but still a good song to listen to of bored (3.5/5).
Bonas Track:
14) I Like It That Way: The Katy Perry-ish song comes off interesting until the chorus comes in turning the song into an overproduced song (2.7/5).
15) Lover In Me: Just a bit better then the song before, but comes off bland and uninteresting but catchy at the same time (3.6/5)
Demo Track:
16) Sad Serenade: This track is not available on the soundtrack or iTunes or Amazon but can be listened to on YouTube. Sad Serenade is a sweet danceable track that could have easily replaced 9, 13-15 (5/5).
All in all this soundtrack is all over the place from good to okay to bad, better then 'Kiss & Tell' and 'A Year Without Rain' but not as good as 'When The Sun Goes Down'. Sugared with autotune that with songs like Stars Dance and Undercover it really doesn't matter. The cover art is beautiful. But this album is little more fun then Demi Lovato's 'DEMI' but not as deep. She does write about 4-6 songs. All in All 6.5 out of 10. This still so far sounds like the best pop album of the year. Should you get it? Yes if you're younger then 21 you should enjoy, but of you're older only download 'Stars Dance, Come & Get It, Forget Forever, Undercover, Nobody Does It Like You, Love Will Remember, Slow Down, and Sad Serenade' if any others then just get 'Save The Day, Champion, Music Feels Better, or B.E.A.T.'.",0,3,"Jul 30, 2013"
9,"The songs, although far from powerful, was catchy and I think that, although she is armed with a very limited range, she can make good songs, the only thing that is keeping me from giving her full marks is the fact that all her songs are very autotuned. Her vocals are less showcased and most of her music is just background beats, not really singer material. Anyways, great album! She totally deserved the number 1 spot in the Billboard 200!",0,2,"Feb 22, 2014"
10,"'Critics' and such are human first and foremost, so bias and prejudice, which influences the great masses, must be a given. They praise A. Grande why? The girl CAN sing but so far in her 3 singles she has mostly failed the critics hype and favoritism (IF they were honorable 'critics'). MUSIC. Although Selena doesn't have strong noticeable vocals, her VOICE is beautiful (check out her acoustic covers [if you are HONEST you will see she sings beautifully]). However, Stars Dance IS her poorer album of her 4. Kiss & Tell has been her best, then When The Sun Goes Down, then...But if Hiss & tell was her best (or whichever you think), why didn't they do better? Hispanics but specially Mexicans, are not liked in the USA, where the great majority of Trends start, and so such 'hate' on (Selena) them must be followed worldwide. Selena's music is OVERALL better than many BIG time hits, but guess what?! Bigotry/Prejudice, led by pop culture' massive dumbing of the world, makes people, whether common or professional, hateful and/or prejudice.
They call Selena's music 'Bubble Gum' type? While few of her songs have been such, MOST haven't, but as I've said, the world is Prejudice, and in the USA, mostly towards Mexicans, in which Selena Gomez has been made THE Selected Target of such 'hate', and everything is twisted to make her and her music APPEAR as nothing more than kids music.
They say A. Grande' music is mature and Good, yet, fail to see see actually ROBBED Mariah's most unique voice. Fail to see that, while she can sing, she has failed to showcase such vocals in her singles (she whispers, sings with her nostrils, and is hardly audible). Her music is typical of hihpop/r&b. Yet, she is praised? I like(d) her, but the mass bias towards Selena has made me start supporting Hispanic artists, tho mainly Selena (since she IS THE one with a Target on her back).",0,2,"May 10, 2014"
10,"A great album, perfect musical combinations, and Gomez is a great singer. She did not need to show your body to sell music.
Best vocals and best singer.",0,2,"Jun 29, 2014"
9,"I was pleasantly surprised by this album, upon seeing the packaging and reading the tracklist I assumed it would be a compilation of slow-paced boring ex-Disney star songs. I couldn't have been more wrong. The overall production of the album is of an excellent standard and it is one of the few albums in recent years which I can listen to every track on. Album highlights include 'Birthday', 'Like A Champion', 'B.E.A.T' & 'Nobody Does It Like You'. Album lowlights are the lead single 'Come & Get It' which gets horrifically repetitive after a couple of times, and 'I Like It That Way' in which Gomez seems to refer to her Disney girl state and creates a childish, pre-teen girl song.
The album still beats other ex-Disney stars efforts such as Miley Cyrus' 'Bangerz' or Demi Lovato's 'Demi' and I definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys energy filled pop music.",0,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"Exelente album com musicas otimas o single com mais destaque Come & Get It exelente otimo debut porem nao continuou a venda inicial devido a falta de divulgao da gravadora",0,2,"Oct 26, 2014"
8,"I found a great dance album, really. 5 music has qualities to be singles. But I think I missed a small part of Selena Gomez. Somewhat lacking identity in some of his songs.",0,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
6,"It's cool, but it don't deserves a 10, Selena's voice is annoying, but the songs are okay. I think if this album were sung by someone else, it would be better.",0,1,"Aug 28, 2014"
0,"No  um mau album, mas tambm no  fantstico. Comea com ritmos de dana em birthday at undercover, e acaba com uma cano mais tocante, Love Will Remember.",0,2,"Aug 26, 2014"
10,"This album is definitively much better than her last two, it has a more mature sound and better vocals. She has more input in this album and actually co-writing some of the songs. It's different in a good way, she is growing into a serious artist for sure",0,1,"May  4, 2015"
6,"It's a nice album to dance and enjoy karaoking, but, lyrics are stupid, nothing deep, and the lots of auto-tune she used.. :/ I'll give it a 6 because the music is catchy, and songs like B E A T and Slow Down make me feel great.",0,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
8,"The release of highly anticipated 'Stars Dance' by growing performer Selena Gomez proves to be a well-produced, catchy and nicely delivered piece of teen electro-pop, with several light and fixable flaws.
Track no. 1 is Birthday', a punky song which does not only suit the singer perfectly, but proves to bear a unique sound accompanied by a banging bass, handclaps and crazy beats, perfect for a confident album opener.
'Slow Down' follows, with a simple but catchy electro-pop chorus that shows why it was chosen as the second single. Nothing completely new, but still fun to listen, bragging a terrific hook for dancing.
Next is title track 'Stars Dance', which stands out as an orchestral-dubstep song which captures the listener's ear since the very stringy beginning. One of the best songs in the album, it falls out of the 'title track is terrible' clich, and lets Gomez showcase her vocal ability without overdoing production.
'Like a Champion' is a breezy, tribal-like piece of dancehall pop. It barely manages to grasp the album's concept while still briefly departing from loud electro-pop bangs and bursts, quite well may I add.
Lead single 'Come & Get It' is the album's smash hit, a stand-out on 'Stars Dance'. Following it's previous track's sound, it expands it with Indian background singing and a nice touch of electronic runs. It falls prey, however, to predictability and somewhat floppy lyrics.
'Forget Forever' is a personal favorite. With nicly controlled vocals, and a refreshing, sing-along chorus, it succeeds in it's purpose. It also lyrically departs the album's previous 'please don't leave me' concept and successfully takes on a 'forget you ever knew my name' punch line.
'Save The Day' is musically more of the same, however, it's pumping beats and Gomez' immersive vocals lead us onto a fantastic dubstep chorus and latin-like bridge. It shares a strange similarity with track 'Come & Get It' though, which both benefits and harms the singer's presentation.
'B.E.A.T.' has Gomez' vocals being messed and tampered with for about 3/4 of the song, which is not new, but manages to captivate us with a stuttering b-b-b-beat. Repetitive, yes, cute, yes, ultimately annoying, also.
As 'Write Your Name' begins, it seems to be taking a break from what we have been hearing, but as it approaches a banging dance-pop chorus we can't help but fall for it's catchy-yet-familiar tune. Smartly produced and with a suprisingly lovely rap verse by Gomez, it proves to be yet another hit-making material.
'Undercover' is both the nearest to a Guetta-like produced song and the highlight of the album (which is strangely disappointing). It features the album's different-but-the-same electro-pop arrangement in the chorus, but it's definitely a manically dancy song which keeps us waiting for that electronic explosion we've been technically hearing throughout 'Stars Dance', and to be able to do that half an hour into the album, is already a success.
'Love Will Remember' is the ballad of the album, and based upon the excessively covered relationship the singer had with Canadian artist Justin Bieber. Dramatically soothing, and awkwardly emotional, it's in the top 3 tracks from 'Stars Dance', with Gomez' vocals refreshingly undisturbed (mostly). However, many are likely to not make it this far in the album due to it's constant formula, leaving this love story unheard.
Two deluxe tracks followed the original release:
'Nobody Does It Like You' is a fun yet hollow song that barely saves itself from falling into the 'oh, again' category with a good dubstep chorus. It is, though, very similar to 'Slow Down', and since the latter's become a single, this track loses the little potential that surfaced.
'Music Feels Better' is the thirteenth and final track on 'Stars Dance'. It surpiringly showcases a 90's disco spirit and it's fun, carefree delivery is mainly the reason for a Deluxe purchase of the album.
Overall, 'Stars Dance' is a fantastically produced, well-delivered record that, whilst falling victim to predictable electro-pop situations, takes Selena Gomez' promising career and pushes it a step forward and away from Disney Queen status. Her new sound and direction suits her well, and fit nicely in her career, as 'Selena Gomez & the Scene' fans awaiting the band's return are sure to find 'Stars Dance' worthy enough to keep them excited.
Overall score: 8.0 out of 10",0,0,"Feb  2, 2014"
10,"This album is best Selena Gomez's album.This album show us how Selena from teenage girl turns to woman.A lot of genres in this album.Good vocal.With this album she shows us that,without &The Scene can have better achievements in music.Stars Dance is also best-selling album of Selena Gomez at this time(2014).",0,0,"Jun  6, 2014"
10,"Selena realmente se superou nesse album, sua musica est mais madura assim como sua voz. pena que teve poucos singles. Come and Get It  uma otima musica, assim como 'Undecover' e 'Love Will Remember'",0,0,"Sep 30, 2014"
6,"A little bit generic, Stars Dance is a quite good album, except you're gonna get tired of it eventually. Even though Selena sounds more mature on the album, it does not seem to be a good thing, considering it's the probably the worst of all her albums.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2015"
10,"yes this is an amazing album , different from demi trying to be a fun artist, the selena makes some interesting and fun songs , I love he!!! .........",0,0,"Feb 28, 2015"
10,"Melhor lbum Pop/Teen Danc Club timas Batidas timas letras , conceito timoooo , melhor lbum pop/teen/dance feito por uma ex teen espero que ela consiga fazer timos lbuns assim",0,0,"Sep 12, 2015"
10,"Selena sounds so much good in this album! She sounds more mature and i love the beats (especially stars dance and b.e.a.t). The only one song is not good is Write Your Name, but it isn't to bad. Love it!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2015"
5,"This album is ridiculously generic, the lyrics are dumb and the production is poor. Selena Gomez left The Scene and probably let her quality go with them.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
10,"This is the 4th album of Selena Gomez, Stars dance is a mix of love and dance, with her voice, she can sing very well. I really like of SD, my favorite song is ''Love will Remember'' is such a lovely music, with sweet lyrics''",0,0,"Apr 15, 2015"
2,"It's basically an album that was made to be charts friendly, but not even that worked (the album was kinda a flop) anyway, it can bored you easily. No Uh-Uh.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2015"
10,"eard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstrehjjjjj",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"o stars dance  timo, merecia verde tour s no v quem no quer , vrias musicas pra bate cabelo, se preparem pro hinrio vulgo R E V I V A L galero bjo",0,0,"Aug 22, 2015"
6,"Slow Down, Stars Dance, Come & Get It, Undercover and Forget Forever can make a perfect EP. The rest of the songs just don't matter because they're just Selena searching her style, experiencing with urban music (Birthday, B.E.A.T.) ballads (Love Will Remember) reggae (Like A Champion), these styles don't fit with her. Also, I can't believe how an artist like Selena Gomez can make a BIG PLAGIARISM like B.E.A.T. is! The song is just a bad copy of Bass Down Low by DEV. Without 'I Like It That Way', the deluxe songs are good.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2015"
10,"This album is underrated. This is by far one of the best albums ever made by any pop artist or a hollywood records singer. She's just amazing. This is amazing",0,0,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"Honestly this album saved lives, Flawless record! She is a living legend & her vocals rival Whitney Houston's. Stand out tracks are 'Like A Champion' (which gives Bob Marley a run for his money), Undercover, BEAT (Saving the Hip Hop genre) & the lead single Come & Get It (which ended world hunger). Buy this album now if you are ready for a good snatching!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2015"
10,"Selena sempre se reinventando e evoluindo a cada lbum. Stars Dance  sim um timo lbum eletro-pop, que fez ela sair do teen chiclete, para o POP adulto. Esperando ansiosamente o REVIVAL.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
2,"em quesito qualidade  um lbum pssimo, o que salva nele so as letras maduras. esse lbum s  bom de ouvir quando vc passa mais de meses sem ouvir e volta a ouvir, chega a empolgar depois enjoa. odiei o primeiro cd da selena em carreira solo",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
1,"This album is unbearably generic. Perhaps Selena will become liquid water, shifting her shape everytime she is put into a different container. The production is nothing special either, and this album manages to make me fall asleep almost everytime. I hope this isn't everything that Selena can do.
Don't buy this album, because it is crap. Liquid diarrhea.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
0,"Selena is so talented, but can not show such talent on this album, her worst album, worse music, horrible letters, just hated, ajanaianaianaianaianbaina :(",0,0,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Selena is a great artist, this album is so dancing and every song is amazing, Love Will Remember show how mature she is and Undercover is a song that should have a video",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing, dance horrors B.E.A.T. great, finally a pop hymnal. Successor to Madonna.
Those critics who have yellow/red do not know anything. Lovatics.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2015"
9,"Stars Dance, primer bum en solitario de la exitosa cantante Selena Gmez encierra alguna de sus mayores perlas. Love Will Remember es considerada por muchos la mejar cancin del lbum (y la ms triste). Adems, los dos nicos singles tambin fueron autnticos bombazos: Slow Down (videoclip rodado en Pars) y Come & Get It (su videoclip ms reproducido hasta la fecha).",0,0,"Oct 10, 2015"
5,"The album is fill with so much auto tune you can't find a definite place where you are able to like any songs. but there are few songs that are enjoyable. they don't give enough support to justice the album. in which destroys the album representation completely.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
0,"merdaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
0,"Literally one of the worst albums of 2013.. Such a Rihanna rip-off (without the vocal ability though). Disappointment. Again, way too much autotune...",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
8,"Genuinely loved the whole album. Come and Get is Selena's best song TO DATE. And the Best song I've heard in my life. The whole album had amazing dance uptemo beats. Save the day,Slow Down,Like a Champion are just amazing. This was probably the best album of 2013 in my opinion. One thing it lacked was that it only had uptempo songs which you can't listen to in every mood songs like the title track and Birthday were probably two songs which weren't that great! And i don't think Birthday was a good song to open the album with . That was probably the only flaw. But her new effort Revival STOLE the game!
Good job Selena!",0,0,"Oct 22, 2015"
0,"Um lbum desatualizado com uma pegada clich de anos 80. Star Dance de uma forma bem repetitiva das msicas de Britney, Madonna, Donna Summer, que ningum aguenta mais. Star Dance podia muito bem ser descartado da carreira de Selena.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2016"
5,"I have to say that this album is not good at all. Most of the tracks are not very listenable but they have a good beat in to them. The vocals are not bad and also the production is quite good.  I have to say that revival is 100 more times better than stars dance.
My score:
1. Birthday 5/10
2. Slow down 7/10
3. Stars dance 6/10
4. Like a champion 7/10
5. Come and get it 8/10
6. Forget forever 5/10
7. Save the day 8/10
8. B.E.A.T 6/10
9. Write your name 6/10
10. Undercover 4/10
11. Love will remember 5/10
12. Nobody does it like you 5/10
13. Music feels better 6/10
14. Lover in me 3/10
15. I like it that way 5/10
overall:57.3",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"best thing that I've listen all my life , this is so good , it's so good , the song , the singer , the harmony, i loved all of this , Undercover is the best song",0,0,"Jul 21, 2016"
9,"Great and powerful R&B album, which marks a great moment on Ciara's career! Body Party was a great choice of single. Sorry and Got Me Good should have been included on it.",1,1,"Jul  9, 2013"
10,"This is Ciara best album to date. Much  much better then Basic instinct....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",1,1,"Jul 10, 2013"
10,"Ciara makes a great comeback on this new album, successfully incorporating elements of Pop, R&B, and Dance without making it sounds too scattered. Her vocals work best on more sexy records ('Body Party' 'DUI' and 'Read My Lips' for example) but the production carries her on clunker records like 'Super Turnt Up.'  Aside from 'Where You Go' every song has great replay value, a necessity given how short the album's actual playtime is.",1,1,"Aug  8, 2013"
10,"Ciara is like a phoenix, this album shows her abillites to make good music. Songs like 'Body Party', 'I'm Out', 'DUI', 'Keep on Lookin' and 'Where You Go' represent her ghetto origins and dance-pop songs like 'Overdose' and 'Livin' It Up' makes me feel so good.",5,6,"Jul 14, 2013"
5,"I attempt to avoid Nicki Minaj as much as possible but it was difficult on this album...
I preferred the slower and sensual Ciara in tracks like DUI and Body Party which gave a nostalgic feel and an ode to the lost R&B genre. The rest was noise.",0,1,"Aug  7, 2013"
10,"This is a great album with a lot of interesting ideas. Since there's so much positive and only a little negative, it's easier just to say what's wrong with it. So;
1. Future is only here because they are (were) in a relationship. He ruins 'Where You Go.' They're individually good artists, but their sounds do not fuse well.
2. Album art is lazy. But that's not important. We're here for the music.
3. I enjoy Nicki Minaj, and her songs with Ciara are all great, but her vocals seem to be thrown in unnecessarily to one or two songs. As if Ciara just couldn't be bothered to record the rest of the song.
What's good? Absolutely everything else.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums of 2013: Ciara's 'Ciara' give a great combination of pop, R&B and dance. Princess Harris gave us a doubtful promotion at the beginning but more and more Ciara improved herself in that path. She returned to stay, and is ready to compete with the big names of R&B: Beyonc and Rihanna. Best tracks include the punching 'I'm Out,' the sexy 'Body Party' and the futuristic 'Overdose.' Congratulations to Ciara.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2013"
9,"Simply a great album, From the strong and vulnerable vocals on the song 'Body Party' to bold and fresh vocals on songs like 'I'm Out' and 'Keep on Looking'",0,0,"Jul 30, 2013"
10,"I love this album so much! This is the perfect blend of Pop and R&B. From the Sensual masterpieces 'DUI' and no.1 hit 'Body Party' to the club bangers Livin' It Up and Im Out. Nicki Minaj delivers some great verses on this album and Mike Will Made It works wonders in production.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2015"
10,"don't look down is the one of the best albuns of 2013. songs like 'back from the deadf' 'final warning' and 'wear me out' show who is this girl, 'religion' 'pulse' 'tower' 'white suburbian feels like is perfect but the song 'cmon let me ride' is horrible and makes the album unperfect",5,5,"Feb 22, 2014"
8,"Is it perfect music? Nope. Is it enjoyable to listen to? Heck yes. Skylar Grey has a beautiful voice and this album allows her to show that off as a lead artist rather than as a feature. Some songs certainly needs a bit of tweaking, but overall, I really did like this album. She has the potential to improve without a doubt.",1,1,"Jul 27, 2013"
4,"Skylar Grey is just OK. I wouldn't see her live but I would buy her next CD. 'Don't Look Down' has good songs like 'Sunshine' and 'C'mon Let Me Ride', but has bad songs like 'White Suburban'. But buy it if you like Evanescence. They both share similarities",0,3,"Aug  6, 2013"
8,"Jul 31, 2013 - Even though Skylar is still an emerging artist in the music industry she proves with this album of hers that she is here to stay and means business, perhaps with one of the best albums of 2013. With great song writing skills and vocals i can there by say that she is one of my favorite new artists and after this album i truly love her with all her songs on repeat. Its clear that Skylar has put a lot of effort into this album and it has definitely paid off...great potential and more success to come! She deserves much more praise for this than she is already getting because with such an amazing voice does her album take a spot in my top 10 albums of the year! My personnel favorites include Back From The Dead, Wear Me Out and Religion.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
10,"If you enjoyed 'C'mon Let Me Ride', it doesn't mean you will like the album, it's the only happy song in it. But you should give a chance for Skylar because the album has wonderful lyrics like 'Final Warning' and 'Wear Me Out' and is a great album.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2013"
10,"un fantastico album  divertido, ella gran voz, una buena produccion y un sonido fresco, lo suficiente para entretenerte y hacer que lo escuches una y otra vez  A diferencia de muchos albumes malos de este ao, este me parece muy bueno",0,0,"Jul 28, 2013"
10,"I can't believe this album has such mediocre reviews.  The songwriting is some of the best I've ever heard.  Poetic, personal, emotional, and occasionally funny or shocking as well, such as in C'mon Let Me Ride or Final Warning.  The instrumentation is lush, the features (minus Big Sean) are all solid to fantastic.
Wear Me Out is probably the best song in the genre of 2013.  Great album.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2015"
8,"Skylar Grey has an amazing voice. This album is a superb listening experience, packed with amazing songs.
My biggest problem with the album is the features. In my opinion both Big Sean and Angel Haze makes their respective songs much less appealing to me. Another thing that bugs me personally is the choice of singles. C'mon let me ride and Final Warning is some of the weaker songs of the album in my opinion.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2014"
10,"Grey exposes her soul in one 12-tracked work that took 2 years to come out. Reinventing her music track after track, she talks about someone coming back from dead, someone who is tired of being a victim of abuse inside her own home (by some kind of partner), and between all the things, even a song about unplanned pregnancy, (genuinely, maybe?) called **** Man!'. You better listen to it.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2015"
3,"Ok. Bonne chanteuse, voix agrable mais trs peu rythm. On peut dire que a manque clairement de changement dans les tonalits, album trop linaire.
Je croyais qu'elle connaissait Eminem et Dr. Dre ? O dont-ils pour apporter un peu de punch  tout a ?
Non vraiment, si vous n'aimez pas la Soul de ce type l, l'album est parfait pour vous aider  vous suicider.
'Back from the Dead' est  couter absolument par contre.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2015"
10,"Don't Look Down is the best record of 2013. The album includes no weak tracks or fillers. Starting with the haunting hip hop influenced ballad 'Back from the Dead' the album stays strong with highlights 'Final Warning', 'Wear Me Out', the ultra catchy lead single 'C'mon Let Me Ride', 'Sunshine' and 'Glow in the Dark'. Skylar shines through the whole album with her incredible vocals and lyrically that woman is a genius.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"With Walking on a Dream in my opinion being a great album, I highly anticipated the release of Ice on the Dune. Surely Empire of the Sun would deliver on creating an album with even more epic, euphoric feel-good songs that are to be even more memorable and magical than hits like Walking on a Dream and Half Mast. I was already imagining myself lying in the sun in my lazy chair getting a high purely on their fantastic new songs, much like I would experience with Country. Having now listened to their new album, I was somewhat disappointed at first but I am already starting to turn around. Let me tell you why.
The album in my experience starts out solidly. Lux creates a setup for what should be the album I have so highly anticipated, then DNA kicks in which somewhat reminds me of their previous album, followed by Alive which was probably also one of the reasons I expected so much from this album. A little later I find myself snapping my fingers to the beat of Concert Pitch, so far so good I find myself enjoying the songs Ive just heard for the first time, just until Awakening starts off. This is clearly a very experimental track which makes me skeptical about what is to follow. Luckily Ill be around makes up for this with its very catchy tunes and has already become one of my personal favorites. This tune is followed by Old flavours which we could already have heard in their Discovery trailer, which I also think is a pretty decent track but in my humble opinion was better in the live version at the Sydney Opera House because of the way the electric guitar was tuned. The next few songs that follow quite frankly werent that good at all. At the end I found myself almost wanting to skip to the end just to get them over with. Now dont get me wrong, they are not all that horrible but they just dont have the feel about them as the songs I described earlier. The album finishes with Keep a watch, which isnt that bad at all but also does not deliver the on the level of feel-good which I am looking for in every Empire of the Sun tune.
So after listening for the first time I find myself in a mixed state. Quite a few songs sounded good to me but still I was a bit disappointed the album was not the perfect 10 I had already made it to be in my mind, even before it had been released. After listening a couple of times more I was starting to wonder how it would match up against the previous album so I started to listen to it again. This put things in perspective and made me realize I liked a lot more of this album than I did with the previous one. The magical journey this album should have been has in a way been delivered, especially with the first few songs.  So keep in mind, if youre expecting it to be that much more than the Walking on a dream album and even grander than Alive, you might want to adjust your expectations. Allover I think the album is solid and that there should be enough on it for people to enjoy their lazy Sunday afternoons lying in the (empire of the) sun and enjoying the good life.
Must hear: DNA, Alive, Ill be around, Old flavours",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
9,"I think this album is almost as good as their first album.  I love all the catchy choruses and tracks, probably 10 of the 12 songs are truly great tracks to listen to.  Definitely reccommend it to anyone who liked their first album especially, but anyone who likes dance/pop/disco.  Luke Steele's vocals truly make the album that much better than if anyone else was singing, though.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
10,"Empire's second album is everything Walking on a Dream was and more. When Empire of the Sun embarked on the journey of creating Walking on a Dream they wanted to make a sound that had never been done before- and they did. Awaiting the second album from the first album's phenom, fans wanted Walking on a Dream 2.0. Luke Steele explains in interviews he was aware of this ideal that fans wanted but elaborates that progressing as artists, they cannot make the first album twice. They made Ice on the Dune evolving their unique music style which is unlike any other. This album gets a 10 because it executes a concept that cleverly conveys a tone of upbeat mystery. Each instrument and synth has been carefully selected and layered into a blissful wall of sound. The album progresses naturally in a cohesive manner. You will be pleasantly surprised as this album transports you to another world.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
9,"This album definitely tops the first. Yes, they tried to appeal to the club scene, but, if you're like me and loved the more imaginative songs like 'Half Mast', 'Without You', and 'Tiger by my Side', then I Guarantee you'll love 'Surround Sound', 'Ill Be Around', and 'Keep a Watch'. This is an excellent album that you'll never get tired of listening to it.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2013"
7,"A solid sophomore effort but far from the sheer brilliance of 'Walking On A Dream'. Although 'Ice On The Dune' presents a more cohesive set of songs than its predecessor, the tracks on here sound a bit too samey overall, with only a few standout moments. 'Alive', 'Awakening', 'I'll Be Around' and 'Surround Sound' are recommended.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2013"
9,"I remember hearing walking on a dream for the first time and being absolutely blown away. After buying the album I was slightly underwhelmed but still really enjoyed a lot of the tracks. This time my expectations were slightly lower but were definitely surpassed. Though there's nothing on here to quite match walking on a dream pretty much every other track is superior to their previous album. Stand out tracks for me are DNA, I'll Be Around and Old Flavours. Overall Brilliant album!",0,0,"Jul  8, 2013"
9,"Although the album may appear flat upon a first listen, there are songs that overall redeem it. Songs such as DNA, Alive, Awakening, I'll Be Around and Celebrate will always have a special place in my heart. I must admit though, upon my first listen, I got bored and fed up fast. When I took a second listen 2 months later, I couldn't stop listening to this album. A very good follow-up to Walking on a Dream.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2013"
10,"The Electronic duo of Empire of the Sun just delivered a masterpiece of an album where every song is fun and catchy. 'Awakening' is probably the best song on the album and it was a bit of a surprise when the song was not promoted as a single.",0,0,"May 19, 2015"
8,"Its fun to listen to this album.  I like the beats, the rapping, and the subject matter.  Its definitely pop music, referencing a lot of styles that are already tried and true.  Don't expect nothing new here, just more of the styles and concepts you already like... and there is nothing wrong with that.",1,1,"Jul  1, 2013"
4,"It's admittedly a step up from their past work, but the big problem with 3OH!3's album 'Omens' is that it was meant to be a fun party album, but is so lazily thrown together it simply isn't fun at all.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2015"
9,"It's so refreshing to hear Josh Homme's main band record some new music after his recent troubles in the hospital and depressions and whatnot. But how does this new record hold up to the genius they've released before? Well, it matches nearly perfectly in quality to classics like 'Songs for the Deaf' and 'Lullabies to Paralyze', but strangely stands as its own record. It's more mellow and heartfelt than previous releases, yet still provides some decent headbangers along the ride. If you're a fan, it's definitely worth checking out. If you're not, it's still definitely worth checking out.",12,12,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"While it may be a well worn platitude, 'good things come to those who wait' has never been more true.  And 'good things' on ...Like Clockwork abound.  From the haunted house monster stomp of the album's opener 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled', the arena rock bravado of 'Fairweather Friends', to the melodic melancholy of the eponymous album closer, it is some of JHo and Company's most adventurous work to date.  And yet, never at any point did I wonder if it was QOTSA.  A triumph.",6,6,"Jun  4, 2013"
9,"This is actually a really solid and varied album. I liked 'Era Vulgaris' but found myself skipping nearly half of the songs on it. For me, '...Like Clockwork' is one of those albums you need to listen to in its entirety rather than a song at a time.",3,3,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"The genre-bending, rule breaking band of misfits is back and bigger than ever. With a 6 year gap between their last album Era Vulgaris, a new Queens of the Stone Age album was at the top of my wish list. They didn't disappoint either! Every track comes at you in full swing. They entrance, mystify, disturb, and even stimulate you. With ...Like Clockwork, Queens of the Stone Age bring a splash of reality to what real rock music is. No more of this garbage Nickelback and Mariana's Trench.
From the first riff, I know that this would be a special occurrence. As I proceeded, weaving between simplicity and complexity, I realized that I was in a psychedelic heaven. With no detectable flaws, this album provides the perfect blend of psychedelic rock and metal. 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled' is the ultimate opener for the album. It starts out quiet, like the calm before the storm, and then suddenly, you are whisked away by the heart-pounding thuds of drums and bass. After this dreary and oddly hypnotic first track, 'I Sat By The Ocean' shows off the radio-friendly capabilities of QOTSA. After all these years, they can still put together an upbeat, soon to be on the radio song. Slowing down the tempo again, the band returns you to where they left off in the trippy journey. In a Pink Floyd-esque fashion, QOTSA take the opportunity to explore the ways of synthetics in 'The Vampyre of Time and Memory'. Alongside brain-melting guitar solos is the light whir of a synthesizer. The next two tracks, 'If I Had A Tail' and 'My God Is The Sun', are both songs more than qualified to be radio hits in no time. With comedic lyrics and strange themes, this obscure duo goes together better than peanut butter and jelly. As we venture into the second half of the album, it's as if there is a darkness that has filled the songs. On 'Kalopsia', Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails helps out the gang by providing his magnificent voice and musical talent to create (what may be) QOTSA's darkest odysseys.  Continuing with the dark trend, 'Fairweather Friends' and 'Smooth Sailing' sound upbeat enough, but still have and eerie undertone. The songs make you feel a plethora of emotions all at once. All you can do is sit there, wondering what the hell is going on. It sounds like they're having a good time, but at the same time, it sounds like the world is about to end. On 'I Appear Missing', the album's magnum opus, the spellbinding  guitar melodies combined with Josh Homme's unique vocals are what really take the cake. Finally, on '...Like Clockwork', QOTSA leave with a calming acoustic song, accompanied by piano and echoes of bass. They know that the album is over. They know that this fictional world is coming to an end. All they can do now is reassure the audience that everything will  be alright. Or maybe the opposite.
From start to finish, the album blew me away. Each track offered something different and unique. Also, I believe that this album has some of the most creative and well-written lyrics of all time. The messages are well established and the execution by Josh Homme is the icing on the cake.
Overall, the album is flawless. I have listened to it numerous times and find nothing wrong with it. Beautiful lyrics, catchy rhythms, and addictive vocals; what more could you want?",2,2,"Jun  4, 2013"
8,"First few listens, did not like this album at all... It's a grower though, and I'd put it up with their best albums. There are some really slow moments on the album that I REALLY didn't like at first, but after multiple listens, I find myself liking those tracks the most. Josh Homme sounds better than he ever has before with his vocals.
I highly recommend this album, I almost gave up on it after a few listens... don't make the mistake I almost made, stick with it!",1,1,"Jul  5, 2013"
8,"...Like Clockwork... The title itself holds so much meaning. After surviving his surgery, Homme goes on a very dangerous, sloppy road as he leads his music into a beautiful mix of neo-psychedelia and easy stoner rock. Gathering his friend he creates yet another masterpiece in QOTSA's discography. What Homme was really missing during his previous two albums was a company of dear friends and with them joining him the album became even more self-centred. The album shows the emotional side of modern day legends. The result is an Album Of The Year material. It may be less straight-forward that 'Songs For The Deaf' or 'Rated R' and little less stylish than 'Queens Of The Stone Age' but that doesn't mean that the album can go below excellent mark. The album itself is more pop-like in songs like 'Vampyre Of Time And Memories' and '...Like Clockwork' but Josh wanted to do an album not centered on 'Heavy' but 'Dark' sound, which I think they did very, very well. I salute to you, Queens.",1,1,"Jun  4, 2013"
9,"While I don't think this is the best QOTSA ever, it is a refreshingly new sound. It was a risky move that QUOTSA pulled off brilliantly. The slow to fast mix in this album is incredible. Almost all of the songs have taken their place in my heart. This is true rock, welcome back!",1,1,"Jun 20, 2013"
10,"Penso que s pessoas minimamente inteligentes e honestas, deveriam cotar um lbum dos QotSA. Tenho lido alguns reviews de certos magazines, que me fazem rir. Fazem comparaes completamente rdiculas e imbecis, um exemplo bem evidente  este magazine Under The Radar. S um asno pode escrever um artigo destes, 'The guitars are more or less grungy, but some of those indie-rock rhythms, with distortion-lite effects, sound a bit like Franz Ferdinand. Not necessarily a bad thingthey're pretty and chiming, and the straight-up lead riffs are often infectious. But this is Queens of the  Stone Age, man.'
Josh Homme anda a ouvir Franz Ferdinand!!! AHAHHAHAA  leiam este artigo que  de partir o coco a rir, Os media so o qu?",1,1,"Jun 28, 2013"
10,"This is definitely one of the greatest albums made for years, it has no 'greatest song', every single song is a hit, and the more you listen to it, the more it grows on you.
Queens of the Stone Age has a completely unique feel to it, and this album, as well as 'Era Vulgaris' are perfect examples of this, which is why it deserves a 10/10. This album is perfect!",1,1,"Sep 11, 2013"
10,"Never in my life have I followed an album so closely, prior to its release and been so satisfied. This album delivers on every track, which is some feat, considering the very varying genres going around on the album and within some tracks. Homme sounds better than ever and same can be said, for what can only be described as the 'army' of guitars present on this album, mixed to perfection. I feel every song on this album, has at some point, had its turn of being my favourite track and at this point I still struggle to choose my favourite, proving the genius of this album and how that genius should be savoured so. My one criticism with the album would be the track ordering, a very minor thing I realise, however I can't help but feel 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled', the wrong choice for the opener. Such choices as 'Smooth Sailing', 'I Sat By The Ocean' or even the end of 'If I Had a Tail', into 'My God is the Sun', I feel would have set the album up better. However, the fact that the tremendous and massive sounding ending of 'I Appear Missing', is not the album closer, is the sorest choice made on the entire album. However, you take all these songs individually and I would struggle greatly not to give the majority of them 10/10, which is the most important thing. Considering the age and progression of this never disappointing band, this album only seems like the perfect thing for QOTSA to have created. I know I will still be happily listening to this album from to start to finish many, many years from now, and I know I will not be alone when I am.",1,1,"Oct  7, 2013"
10,"Love this cd  just like Arctic Monkey's AM, I was happy to enjoy a few pure rock cd releases this year.  This cd hooked me from the start and I enjoyed every track.  Love that they are from Palm Desert as well, since I am also a desert dweller, not too far away from them, in Las Vegas!",1,1,"Nov 15, 2013"
9,"The new album is weird, but the best kind of weird. After the luke warm Era Vulgaris, I didn't expect too much from Like Clockwork but, being a fan since the self titled, I picked up a copy. The entire album is so different from anything the band has put out and, for me, is a breath of fresh air. Granted, there are still 2 tracks that have that driving robot/desert rock the band is known for, but the rest of the songs have a more laid back approach. The vocal melody lines and meandering guitar riffs weave together, stack, and dissolve(not always in that order) into a competent record. Although I could have used a few more crunchy fast paced tunes, the album conjures feelings of wanderlust and melancholy that beg for a late night drive.",1,2,"Jun  5, 2013"
5,"Too many jerky tempo changes and slow rhythms bog this album down.  When it does start to sound like vintage Queens it lacks the gusto, fuzz, and dimension, the reckless abandon.  It's still unique in it's old Homme way and the  is ever-present, it just seems stripped down and lonesome instead of heart-pumping and creepy.  I Appear Missing is the gem here.",3,14,"Jun  5, 2013"
3,"This album is so desperate for an identity by featuring a multitude of guest musicians, but it leaves a very disjointed, schizophrenic feeling that just never accomplishes anything worthwhile.  Outside of 'My God Is The Sun' (thanks for the first single, giving me the impression the whole album would sound that way), nothing on this  brick is listenable.
So you were hospitalized.  The album is as boring as the inspiration for the tracks.  The upsetting part is that if there weren't complications with his surgery, we would have had a second Them Crooked Vultures album.  I feel robbed.
Josh Homme can't steer the ship by himself.  He's great guitarist but an average singer, and benefits much from his celebrity friends to flesh out songs.  However, too many cooks ruined the stew here.
One good song.  Skip this terrible album.",2,19,"Dec  1, 2013"
6,"Pretty good album overall, it starts a bit slowly but it picks up and goes to its apex with Smooth Sailing which is a really solid song, one of their best in my opinion.",0,1,"Jun  6, 2013"
7,"It's a good album, but the influence of Elton John is very present over the entire album which makes it sound like QotSA went indie, another band drenched in reverb for no good reason. Still a good album overall, just missing the UMPH they used to have and exchanged it for melodious guitars  l Them Crooked Vultures. However this will scare away old fans (except the fanboys who are just tossing 10's), only the future can tell if it's a change for the better.",0,2,"Jun  4, 2013"
8,"The best QOSTA album since Songs for the Deaf. ...Like Clockwork is from start to finish a very good album, with only two tracks that I didn't particularly care for (If I Had a Tail and Smooth Sailing). Much more focused than Era Vulgaris and doesn't suffer from a second half drag like Lullabies to Paralyze (with the exception of Long Slow Goodbye and I Never Came). I'll admit to being nervous as to how Trent Reznor and Elton John would fit into the overall production. However; Kalopsia and Fairweather friends are thus far my favorite tracks on the album. A definite must for QOSTA fans or just fans of eclectic rock.",0,1,"Jun  4, 2013"
7,"Its been years since I have enjoyed a album or project that has involved Josh Homme, Not since 2002s Song For The Deaf everything he seemed to touch in the 00s with a few exceptions seemed to decisively average like his endless amount of albums produced as The Desert Sessions or simply a rich mans vanity project such as Them Crooked Vultures which came and went leaving no real lasting impression other than the worst almost Download Festival headliner ever.
With their sixth album Like Clockwork Queens seem to have refound their groove. The first track Keep Your Eyes Peeled has a down tuned slow paced groove not too dissimilar to Hommes early work in Kyuss and the returning Dave Grohl on drums hammers a powerful back beat to drive home the tracks stoner groove. The second track and most likely single I sat by the Ocean is a anthem that can easily be imagined being played on a sunny day on the main stage at a festival, even if it does have the same riff as Coffee and TV by Blur.
The album is packed with guest artists, from Trent Reznor who appears on the track Kalopsia adding a haunting piano piece at the start of the track adding a huge amount of atmosphere before a huge sounding riff kicks in and the track goes into a standard Queenss song. This doesnt come close to the amount of guest stars on If I Had a tail which features Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys, Mark Lanegan of Screaming Trees and most surprisingly former Queens of the Stone Age bassist Nick Oliveri. This is the most indie track on the album and sees the guest stars providing backing vocals on the tracks chorus, they are difficult to hear until the ending of the track and seem to have been added simply for the sake of Josh Homme putting his friends on a track.
This is a real return to form for Queens, it may not be up there with the groups first three albums  but it is certainly the best album that Josh has done in a very long time, delivering in the killer riffs and catchy chrouss that have seemed to have been missing from recent Queens of The Stone Age albums.",0,2,"Jun  4, 2013"
8,"Great rock music. I haven't listened to any of their albums before this. I'm an idiot, i know. I'm looking forward to rectify that mistake. I do hope their older work has the same blend of loud and calm.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2014"
9,"Just listened to the vinyl LP. So good, and it sounds amazing. What's odd is that it's meant to be played at 45 RPM, and I've never seen that on an LP before, (they're usually 35 RPM). Just a quirky note. I fell like they might have done it on purpose to screw with people, or not, I don't know the absolute specifics of what goes into pressing an album. Whatever, the music is great, having a cohesive theme, yet every song has its own distinct sound. It's hard to pick favourites, but 'My God is the Sun,' 'Fair-weather Friends' and 'I Sat by the Ocean' are exuberant. The title track is a quiet, introspective, unique track that greatly closes the album. I get some hints of The Who and Supertramp in here, although it's mostly just the warped genius of Queens of the Stone Age. Another definitive, exemplary album from a band that just keeps getting better.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
8,"Being a long time listener of the band, I was happy to say it was similar in all the right ways, different in all the right ways, and generally just a great album.  However, my viewpoint would be biased as I have enjoyed all their efforts to date.  So good to have a new album turn out well for us!",0,0,"Jul  3, 2013"
9,"http://bit.ly/1b6f6g1 The collaborators on this album never really take the forefront or take over the track they're on (besides Alex Turner). What they do is assist the true stars, Queens of the Stone Age. What Queens have managed to do is create one of the best albums of the last 10 years and evolve as a band. What is even more astounding is that they didn't need to flood it with effects or overproduce it. It proves that the old fashioned way of making music is still alive and that you can make amazing albums doing it that way. The hype this album has received is just.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2014"
10,"It's dark, it's deep, and it's twisted, but isn't that the point?  Every QOTSA album has a different feel, but this one seems to strike a different chord. (no pun intended)  There's something really honest about the way these songs are arranged that make them feel very basic, giving a much needed vibe of stripped down, untamed music, something they've always excelled in. The album's title track '...Like Clockwork' was a real highlight/climactic ending to a well rounded album, opening up Homme's softer, humbler, and more sensitive side.  They, once again, have strongly impressed me with their music, as well as their growth in musical style.
Due to my personal taste when it comes to their vast collection of songs, I would have given this album a 9. (I actually prefer Era Vulgaris)  However, this album, from a larger standpoint, is much more than any of the others because it gives a sense that they have given their audience their heart and soul, asking them to listen, to share with them, the feelings they stir inside.
For that, I give them a 10.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2013"
8,"Back to their best
For the first time in about a decade a QOTSA record has gotten me properly excited. Like Clockwork starts a tad unsure of itself with 'Keep You Eyes Peeled', a track you could hardly say demands your attention and a curious way to begin proceedings. It represents the only questionable track on the album. From here on in we are treated to diamond after diamond.
Like Clockwork gets better as it progresses on and I would argue that the record peaks in the middle with the amazing trilogy of If I Had a Tail, My God Is the Sun and Kalopsia. My God Is the Sun has that classic QOTSA sound and is representative of the overall record with the band back to their best, delivering what they failed to truly produce on their last couple of albums. This sequence of blockbuster rockers is complete with Kalopsia and while I think this is where the album hits its peak, that's not to say things really dip from here. It's all relative and Like Clockwork maintains the intensity to the literal death. Excellent stuff.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums Josh Homme has put his name on. On the same level as Rated R and Songs for the Deaf. If I had a tail is wonderfully catchy arena rock type stuff. Most of the melodies stick and don't wear thin like on Era Vulgaris.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"...Like Clockwork proves that Queens of the Stone Age are still one of the most fascinating bands in rock today. It may very well be the band's best record since Songs for the Deaf. Powered by crunchy guitar riffs and haunting vocal harmonies, supplemented by piano and vintage synths, the album is both seductive and sinister. The darker, more introspective lyrics (inspired by frontman Josh Homme's depression and other recent tumult) add to the mysterious nature of the music. As with previous QOTSA albums, this one features an array of collaborators, including former band members Nick Oliveri and Mark Lanegan, Dave Grohl (who plays drums on half of the songs), Elton John, Trent Reznor, and Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys. Most of the collaborators reside in the background, enhancing the songs rather than dominating at the front. There's more diversity among the ten songs on the album, which sets it apart from the past couple QOTSA albums. All in all, ...Like Clockwork is one of the best albums of the year, and we have Josh Homme and his friends to thank for this wonderful gift.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2013"
10,"If Songs for the Deaf was the definitive record of QOTSA as a collaborative project born in the desert sessions, ...Like Clockwork is the definitive record of QOTSA as Josh Homme's band.  Quite possibly the best (and certainly the most focused) album of their career, and a strong AOTY contender in an impossibly good year for music.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
5,"Overcooked production kills what could have been a good album, almost unbeareable to listen to more than a couple songs at once. Whats the point of printing vinyls again whith this kind of mastering?",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
9,"This is the first QOTSA album I've heard in full & it's a fantastic first impression that lives up to the hype.  If I had to describe this album in one word, it would be cool. Every aspect, from the guitar riffs to the grooves to Josh Homme's voice & delivery, has this attitude-filled charm to it that's just irresistible. I think a track-by-track analysis is the best way I can talk about this album, since it's really one where pretty much every song has something worth noting about it.
I hear the term desert rock thrown around a lot with this band, and I find that sound no more accurate on this album than in the opener Keep Your Eyes Peeled. It has this trudging rhythmic groove that basically sounds like being stuck in Death Valley for over 3 hours with no water or transportation, a vibe that's enhanced by the vague but moody lyrics. I Sat by the Ocean is a great straightforward rock song with simple, catchy riffs & nice touches of falsetto. I've heard from some people that this is one of QOTSA's more diverse albums, and with songs like The Vampyre of Time and Memory that's very easy to believe. It's a piano-led track that builds beautifully over the course of it, first with these cool little synth textures & then gradually the rock instrumentation. The lyrics are also some of the best on the album, talking about loss of identity & searching for your purpose in life in a pretty effective way. My favorite song here is If I Had a Tail, another fantastic mid-tempo alt-rock tune with infectious melodies all around & nicely reserved guitars in the verses that explode perfectly in the chorus & bridge, complimented with a good lyrical theme bashing general society's materialist/hedonist mentality. The first half finishes with My God is the Sun, which was a great choice for the lead single, a driving rocker that grabs you with the riffs within seconds & will definitely attract the demographic I was in who's only familiar with the older hits.
Kalopsia goes in a refreshingly laid-back direction with a nice psychedelic atmosphere in the verses that transitions smoothly into more of a hard rock style toward the end. Fairweather Friends is another major highlight. Nearly all of this album's many collaborators sing backing vocals on this song. Admittedly though, my only thing close to a gripe on this album is that I would've liked if such a star-studded guest list had a bigger role than barely audible contributions you probably wouldn't notice if you didn't hear about it from somewhere else. Elton John is the exception, since he plays piano here too & his backing vocals provide a nice echo in the chorus, but still. That being said, the song's still really great, and ends on a random & hilarious note that I still crack up at on the 6th listen. Smooth Sailing has an awesomely sleazy groove with over-the-top flamboyant falsetto vocals & some awesome lines. I Appear Missing is another really good one but honestly doesn't have many traits I haven't already talked about as far as I can tell. The album ends with the title track, which takes another drastic turn as a vulnerable piano ballad that follows the same introspective lyrical style as The Vampyre of Time and Memory, though to me it's done in a more emotional way here.
...Like Clockwork consistently shows off memorable, well-thought-out & surprisingly diverse material. Normally albums that get as much hype as this got disappoint at least some people, but I've honestly heard few, if any, negative thoughts about it as a whole. I'll make it a goal to listen to some more QOTSA in the near future.
Top 5 tracks: If I Had a Tail, Fairweather Friends, The Vampyre of Time and Memory, I Sat by the Ocean, Smooth Sailing
Score: 91/100
My review-based Facebook page: That Non-Elitist Music Fan",0,0,"Nov 29, 2013"
9,"Best queens album in years, yes i enjoyed El Vagus or what ever its called but this new entire just feels so unique and the tracks are so moody, 9/10, gets a bit repetitive yet because of key tracks, my fav track being the last it deserves more like a Solid 9.8/10, so should probably round to a 10 but because of the repetitiveness and the fact that users are rating so high i gives it a 9",0,0,"Oct 19, 2013"
9,"Not quite as good as the albums 'from the good old days', but an appropriate comeback. QotSA have taken on a heavier, almost progressive-like direction in their music while still retaining their edginess.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"6 years is a long time to wait for a new albums, every second has been worth it as we're treated to an essential QotSA album that's excellent from beginning to end. Every track shines, from the crunchy rock opener that is 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled' to the beautifully melodic 'Kalopsia' that morphs into a belting rock song with amazing power chords that just sound so damn good together. There isn't a bad song on the entire album, every track to it's own degree is unique and is a superb song. If you're a Queens fan, while this is a little darker and a smidgen different than their previous albums, it deserves your attention and you'll love all ten songs, and have a tough time choosing a favorite. If you're a fan of rock I can't recommend anything more than this treasure, from Homme's grand, signature vocals, Dave Grohl's excellent drumming, a little bit of Elton John and Trent Reznor, and the rest of the band it's easily one of the best albums I've heard in a long time. It's Rock and Roll/Alternative at it's finest and it's one hell of a record.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
9,"These guys are back and better than ever  So many highlights on this album top to bottom. Easily one of the best albums so far in 2013. Josh Homme has elevated his music to a different level.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
9,"Going to keep it short, this is a really good album. Its one of those that grows on you the more you listen. Personally really liking 'if I had a tail'. Probably going to be one of the better albums of the year, welcome back guys you have been missed.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"Just finishing up my second listen and from top to bottom, every track is enjoyable. This is first time I can say that about a QOTSA album (though they have all been better than average at worst). In fact, I don't say that about many albums very often  they all seem to have a clunker or two in the mix, at least as far as my tastes are concerned. But I am struggling to find that here and that is an amazing feat for an album in this age.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2013"
10,"For the first few months, I wasn't too keen on this album, thinking it was only too short, not hard enough, lacking any change in direction like Era Vulgaris, etc. But then I wen't to their ...LC concert in Toronto, and then leaving, I realized just how DAMN GOOD this album is.
It's a culmination of all the previous sounds and styles Homme and co. created to get to this point (even his days at Them Crooked Vultures can be recgnized with some of the more upbeat tunes), with the emotion and soul that hasn't been present in any of the 6 albums. At first I was wishing that there were more songs, but I've also come to realize that all 10 songs are wonderfully crafted, produced, and written.
Not much else I can say, except this is one of my 3-4 candidates for album of the year, and is proudly my new favourite QotSA album! Definitely worth the 6 year wait  or a 4 year wait, if you like TCV.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2013"
10,"I'm not very good fan of Queens of the Stone Age because the only album that I liked most was 'Lullabies to Paralyze', and that my brother showed me what was our favorite, but for me, this album has increased my taste for this band.  Like Clockwork, an album that takes everything the band has done, mix it with some pop and again with a lot of guests that give another twist to the band's music without changing their style.
As guests are the former Queens, Dave Grohl, Nick Oliveri and Mark Lanegan. Then there is Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys, Trent Reznor, Jake Shears of Scissor Sisters and surprise to me, Elton John.
The album starts with 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled' low hypnotic hard rock. 'I Sat by the Ocean' still sounds like Queens of the Stone Age in his role not as heavy songs. Next is 'The Vampyre of Time and Memory' has been the ones I liked the album, shows the evolution of the draft Homme And to continue another shifty, 'If I Had a Tail', a good song.
'My God Is the Sun', in the vein of the last deliveries of the group. The most experimental song is 'Kalopsia' where Trent Reznor collaborates who also appears in 'Fairweather Friends' with Elton John, which make it a true masterpiece, as Jonah said. 'Smooth Sailing' and 'I Appear Missing' round out the album with my favorite,  Like Clockwork  a ballad very high manufacturing.
You may not love it so much, but anger discovering such high quality that have the songs from this album.
With this album, it is now difficult to say which came to make the best of the year, do not think is this, because I still like more 'RAM' by Daft Punk, but definitely, this will be on the list.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2013"
9,"[9.1] Queens of the Stone Age always had a few songs that impressed me, but I never did like an entire album of their's. It's certainly somewhat more mellow than their usual work, but it delivers some badass tracks that may be some of their best. *Resubmitted score 9.1*",0,0,"Aug 15, 2013"
10,"ASS_N_TREBLE IS AN IDIOT! AND IS BECAUSE OF THESE IDIOTS THAT I GIVE NOTE MAXIMUM
this idiot has done here more negative votes for this album, it's not just this, and the funny thing is that it has no further comment other albums.
No brinquem, quem so vocs para fazerem uma reviso de um artista seus idiotas...so artista? compem msica? so inteligentes o suficiente para estarem aqui a dar pontuao, so estudiosos nesta matria. S sabem ouvir o que os media querem e depois fazem critica de coisas que no percebem... h por aqui muito atrasado mental a fazer reviso  (ass_n_treble......), gostava de conhecer esse calhorda E OS OUTROS PESSOALMENTE, a minha psicopatia vem ao de cima, com este tipo de gente. No constroem nada  apenas destroem e incendeiam,  adorava ter esses calhordas  minha frente, reduzia-os a uma massa de carne e sangue.. Daqui a 10 ANOS veremos quem so os VERDADEIROS CLSSICOS.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2013"
9,"After listening to this album for the first time, I found myself completely obsessed with it. I find myself constantly listening to it over and over again, immersed in its excellence. ...Like Clockwork, in a way, sounds to me like Lullabies to Paralyze should have sounded. At times it is the classic hard rock you expect from the Queens of the Stone Age, and at other times it slows down, allowing the band to really display their vocal strength in a way they have not quite done yet. While I love every song on the album, the true go-to song here is definitely 'I Appear Missing', a song that so well done that it stands as one of my all time favorite QotSA songs. All in all, this is a must buy album. It's not quite as amazing as, say, Rated R or Songs for the Deaf, but it stands as the one of the bands most ambitious and outstanding achievements to date.
9.3/10",0,0,"Jun 24, 2013"
10,"What to even say? This record is like a gut punch in every way that music ought to be. Catchy as all get out and lyrical depth beyond any prior QOTSA release  or anything in recent memory. Current frontrunner for album of the year, no exaggeration, IMHO.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've ever heard! Every song is so great, I have to listen to the album completely. Never have I had an experience similar to this, where I liked all the songs on the album. And the journey this album takes you on, is simply astounding! I could listen to this album hours and hours, day for day. Defenitely a 10/10!  LISTEN IT!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
8,"I'm a fan of Queens of The Stone Age their album Songs Of the Deaf and Rated R are some of my favorite albums, but their last 2 albums have been disappointing even though i did enjoy some of the singles of the albums. This is in my opinion a brings back a lot of elements that made the band popular including hard guitar riffs and great vocals by Josh Homme and sharp song writing, but it also brings some new elements like slower songs and new tempos through certain songs. If you're a fan of Queens of The Stone Age pick it up it while in my opinion it doesn't reach the greatness that was Songs of The Deaf, its still a great album.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"A truly beautiful album. The album was written after Josh Homme (lead singer) had a near-death experience, so lyric-wise you can expect much again. Every Song is beautifully written and has a deeoer meaning and sometimes even ccriticism. You you wont be disappointed there.
While the album still keeps some typical qotsa elements it (like every single qotsa album) does enough differently to sound different but still keep the same coolness and humor you're used to with qotsa albums. Every song is catchy in their own way. I really can recommend this album. But to be fair: I can recommend every qotsa album!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
9,"Queens of the Stone Age with ...Like Clockwork blows us out of the water. It is a combination of all of their previous records in one, yet still retaining a distinct sound. It feels like the correct natural progression, it doesn't feel forced. And with guest appearances from Nick Olivier and Mark Lanegan, albeit on backing vocals, there is still that old Queens vibe.
Opener, 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled' has a meaty bass line and Joey Castillo's solid drumming that featured on the last two albums keeps the song going, and I think that Dave Grohl's drumming does hold more energy, but I think they can both play drums for Queens well, they both bring something different to the band's overall sound.
'The Vampyre of Time and Money', is the the first of the slower songs on the album. The band have done it before with 'Make it Wit Chu', but these seem more emotional. Rated R featured slower songs breaking the album up nicely from the energy of such songs like 'Quick and to the Pointless' and with these ballads, I feel like the band are doing the same thing. 'The Vampyre...' is a really good song, with guitar work sounding like Pink Floyd and the synths in the background just meld everything together in a soothing blend of liquid QOTSA.
'If I had A Tail', gets itself in my head again and again because it is so catchy. The grooves that the drums and the bass have together work really well on this song, and the Desert Rock feel on this song and throughout the album is like Songs for the Deaf. With Olivier and Lanegan on backing vocals the chorus has a really meaty feel to it, which is a bit lost on this album soundwise, the reason why some compared 'My God Is The Sun' to a Them Crooked Vultures song.
And then of course we get to 'My God Is The Sun', half way into the album, and we are breezing through with Michael Shuman's powerful Bass playing propels this song into a heavy and loud torment of wonder. 'Kalopsia' is quiet and feels like it can drag in the verses until the chorus' screech into life gouging your eyes out to make sure you don't drift off into 'the land of the nightmares'.
'Fairweather Friends' follows along with 'Smooth Sailing', bringing a slightly funkier side to band, but there is still that definite Hard Rock sound to both of them. And then, the penultimate track on our sixth adventure through the desert is 'I Appear Missing'. It is a true Queens of the Stone Age  masterpiece. The whole song is epic and unbelievable. It follows suit in other QOTSA songs such as 'You Can't Quit Me Baby', 'I Think I Lost My Headache' and 'A Song for the Dead'. We are in old school territory here in terms of song construction. Half of the song is an incredible emotional journey of strength from every band member before going into a complex rhythmic section and then into the solo that just is so very good. It wails and plays around with the fabric of air. It manipulates your senses ins ecstasy.
But, it doesn't end. '...Like Clockwork' ends the album. And the band end the album quietly, but with energy and a brooding bass line to fit. It feels like the end to and epic journey, because it is. The band have improved on their past two albums and made a very good album. This is up there with Rated R, and maybe just ahead of Songs for the Deaf. People will be listening to this, they will be loving this just as we do with their earlier work, for years to come. The only issues I have, is that sometimes it struggles to hold itself in the slower songs, Josh's voice doesn't do as well as in the louder powerful songs, but I can live with that. I can live with this album, I can live with it for decades.
Rated R, Songs for the Deaf, ...Like Clockwork.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2013"
10,"MAGNET 35/100!? LOL. Daqui a 10 anos, saberei definitivamente a dimenso deste lbum, e dos seus antecessores. Este nmero e o nmero que est na mdia deste review est completamente adulterado. A INVEJA   muito m conselheira, por isso 'Os ces ladram e a caravana passa...'.
No simpatizo com os media, Sei que o mundo est minado por corrupo, e o ramo da msica no  excepo. As excepo. As grandes editoras compram os media, e facilmente convencem o pblico, Quem pensa e consegue ler o meio que o rodeia, apercebe-se, que tudo na realidade no passa de uma iluso.
Infelizmente este mundo uma alienao, e os alienados acabaro por fazer com que o sistema corrupto vena...E o que eu estou a ver acontecer neste preciso local!!!",0,0,"Jul 18, 2013"
10,"35/100 Magnet?
O Sistema est corrompido meus amigos.
Automaticamente a Review deste lbum est adulterada. Vocs acreditam nos Media? Acreditam num critico de um magazine?
Dinheiro fala mais alto meus amigos, e a corrupo no existe s na politica ou no desporto ela est em todo o lado, o ramo da msica est MINADO. As grandes editoras j minaram h muitos, muitos anos o mercado.  uma GUERRA para conseguirem lucrar milhes, o CAPITALISMO est em todo o lado, e o ramo da msica  uma pequena pea desta gigantesca mquina. O que vende milhes j se sabe o que  no  necessrio fazer uma grande ginstica mental para perceber.
Eu gosto de apreciar msica (sou bastante eclctico, mais quase impossvel). Mas sobretudo gosto de apreciar inteligncia, e muito bom humor, nas pessoas.
por isso que aprecio tanto Joshua Michael Homme. Ele a encarnao desses dois elementos, e como excelente msico que  mais os excelentes msicos que o rodeiam,s pode sair dali coisa boa.
NA REALIDADE O QUE O ROCK N ROLL PRECISA   de PESSOAS como JOSH HOMME. Felizmente quem o est a leva o Homme  para o topo no so os media, so verdadeiros msicos meus caros amigos....",0,0,"Jul 18, 2013"
10,"If deeply-affecting personal experiences produce music this good, then Josh Homme should have near-death experiences more often. Imagine the trademark QotSA sonic boom flavored with hints of Bowie and Nine Inch Nails while indulging in Pink Floyd or Radiohead-style experimentation...all distilled down into a compact (~45 minutes) package that gets better with each listen.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2013"
9,"So far so good, QotSA have delivered a lot of titles, some famous (Little Sister, Go with the Flow, Make it With Chu), some unknown (You think i ain't worth a dollar[...]) but all of them were good. But this album, man this album is almost perfect  The overture with 'Keep your eyes peeled' is not well chosen, but the rest of the album is just a pure pleasure to your ears. With some dancing titles like 'Smooth Sailing' or 'Salt by the Ocean', some angry one like 'My god is the sun' or 'If I Had a tail' and beautiful ballads like 'The Vampire of time and memories' this album is, so far, one of the best 2013's album !
The only regret i have is that this album could have been more 'constructed' if only the order of some titles could have been change while the transitions are perfect once the 4th title reach.
A must have for everyone who love good music and a masterpiece for QotSA's Fans",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
10,"Brilliant album from Queens of the stone age, the only criticism i could offer is that its only 10 songs long, but that wouldn't be a problem if every song wasn't fantastic. The album manages to be completely different from anything that they have done before but remain classic Queens.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
10,"'This is like a funeral in the desert' someone already said. I can't disagree but I can say it was a great ceremony. This is my favorite album so far.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
9,"This is a very good rock album and may very well be the rock album of the year. Not only is the rock intense, but many of the songs contain catchy hooks and solos. I especially love the solo of I Sat by The Ocean. Would definitely recommend this album.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2013"
9,"Let me just say that this album is amazing down to the core. This is rock like I have not heard in a while. QOTSA have done good this time around. I will be disapointed if this album is not at the very least nominated for Album of the Year. This album is a classic.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2013"
9,"Thank God Josh Homme is back. I've been missing some good rock for a long time. I mean QOTSA are still able to produce an album which stands out for greatness and originality of sound, whereas many bands especially this year had fun in imitating past genres, though with superb results like Endless Boogie. Hence, Josh Homme has still something witty to say thus making Like Clockwork the best rock album of the year. I believe we could all agree to this.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2013"
10,"A strong contender for album of the year.  A representation of everything that QOTSA is, was and will be in the future  All of the characters are present for this storytelling epic. Lanegan is back, so is Oliveri. The one thing that this album lacks is a 'bang-your-head-and-scream-along' track like 'Millionaire' or 'Tension Head' or 'Quick And To The Pointless' from previous albums. What you get instead is the bluesy, introspective QOTSA reminiscent of 'Mosquito Song' or 'Song For The Deaf', and references to older material like 'Mexicola', 'Turning The Screw' and 'Avon'. The ultimate 'we're still here and still relevant' album. If you only buy one album this year, this should be the one though  the replay value is off the charts, in an era where most artists put two listenable songs on an album.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2013"
10,"har fan inte hrt s hr jvla krallig rock musik p jvligt lnge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2013"
7,"You can tell Homme's time with Them Crooked Vultures has had an influence on this album, with a larger presence of slow ballads and stripped down, slow-paced rock music than ever before on a QOTSA record. Lyrically it explores the dark times Josh had after his routine knee surgery didn't go to plan, and is probably the humblest-sounding QOTSA record yet as a result. There are still plenty of riffs and more typical Queens songs such as I Sat By the Ocean, and Smooth Sailing with it's funky dance sensibility and crunching riff could easily have come off of Era Vulgaris. The only thing lacking is that QOTSA swagger and weirdness that we have loved for over a decade.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2013"
10,"In an era of musical blight, Queens of the Stone Age have released a masterpiece with ...Like Clockwork. Multi-dimensional as it is layered, Josh Homme is in the prime of his musical evolution; even with old friends Dave Grohl and Nick Oliveri on board, it's Homme who steals the show with his dark and satisfyingly harmonizing delivery of his trademark antediluvian lyrics. ...Like Clockwork is so profoundly and perfectly composed you feel yourself in the room every time you listen, wanting more.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2013"
10,"Best album of this decade. It's a different alubm, i'd say. This time Josh gets more sentimental on the music. The best album since Songs for the Deaf.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2013"
9,"...Like Clockwork is unmistakeably QOTSA while being quite unlike any of their previous albums.  Josh Homme's vocals and his distinct brand of unusual songwriting are familiar threads running through Like Clockwork's tracks. However, Like Clockwork seems to transcend genre altogether with its stunning tapestries of strange sounds that morph like a sonic kaleidoscope. The layered complexity at times is staggering and impressive from a songwriting perspective- and the song structures challenge the listener to resist the urge to predict where the ride is headed. But if you hold on tight, you'll be taken on a strange journey to what feels like a true musical frontier.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2013"
10,"With ...Like Clockwork, QOTSA delivers their most energetic, cohesive, focused and now, their most memorable LP to date. The band poured their blood (figuratively)  sweat, and tears into this and through the smart and well balanced musicianship and instrumentation it's felt and heard. The balance between rock anthems and ballads remain fair and true, even Homme's vocals become more emotional here as he shows a more soft side, which takes guts to do in the music scene.  Lyrically and thematically, the album tackles themes of abandonment, loss and heartache with a dark and menacing approach, helping ...Like Clockwork become more appealing to practically anybody. It's an immersive album that comes alive instantly after hitting play, and its effect upon listeners will cause repercussions that will bounce around the head for months. It takes audacity, time (6 years to be exact), and patience to make a strong, sharp and engaging album like this. The band tend to become liberal with this sound that they have on this LP however this sound rarely lingers as MOR (middle-of-road) material by QOTSA standards even dealing a gentle tune here and then. Primarily, this is a fantastic record and QOTSA show that even after being broken and torn, they still can rock  beyond standards set up for them long ago. *Kyuss would be so proud. On the verge of being forgotten after a six year hiatus, QOTSA deliver a relentless, brutal and tenacious record that forces you to keep them in the recesses of your brain.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2013"
10,"Queens of the Stone Ages sound is unique and instantly recognisable, and Like Clockwork fulfills everything that their band name suggests, subverting the premise of hard rock with pretty melody. Homme sings in his finest falsetto at many points throughout the record, adding to that lighter feel that the album strives towards. Simon Neil of Biffy Clyro praised the queens for their ability to make hard rock sound sexy, and damn sexy it is. Like Clockwork is the culmination of everything Josh Homme, the sole continuous member of his own band, set out to do. The crap filter has been maxed out on this album, as Homme produces the most beautifully crafted grimy rock weve ever heard.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2013"
10,"This is QOTSA's finest album, and is superior even to Songs for the Deaf. Some of the songs on this record ('I Appear Missing' in particular) border on true genius, and I do not use that word lightly. On this focused, cohesive and brilliant record, QOTSA musters all their strengths, rallies all their most talented friends (Trent Reznor, Mark Lanegan, Dave Grohl etc.), and taps into a deeper well of emotion than they ever have before.  Although the record is vital and powerful, the snide arrogance of youth that propelled great albums like Songs for the Deaf has been replaced by maturity and insight, which has honed the band down to a sharp edge. Gone are the superfluous 'joke songs' that distracted listeners from the greatness of their past albums. There is not one bad song on this record. It has been polished and chiseled down to a flawless diamond. This album has more emotional power than anything QOTSA has done before. It seems Homme was truly changed by his near-death experience, but he must not have been clinically dead on the table for very long, because he doesn't seem to have lost a single brain cell. His lyrics are more clever and insightful than ever before, and his riffs are more complex and intricately layered. This record proves that QOTSA keeps getting better and better with age. Homme has produced his greatest work at the age of forty, a truly admirable accomplishment for a rock musician. Although the last song promises 'It's all downhill from here,' it seems QOTSA have begun a new era in their own career, and in some ways it seems they are just getting started.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2013"
10,"Perfect from start to finish. In my opinion the very best of 2013. 'Fairweather Friends', 'I Appear Missing', and 'Like Clockwork' are all tracks that will be memorable for a long time. This could go down as a modern classic",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
7,"I'm not really a big fan of the band, but this album is solid; as expected from a band as prolific as them. 'My God Is the Sun' has this unique sound that makes me want to repeat it over and over again.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
9,"Very nearly a 10, I'd been waiting 6 years for this album and couldn't have asked for better. It's not on the same level as Songs for the Deaf, Rated R or their Self-titled (then again, what is) however it lived up to the hype that I built up over the years I waited. If I Had a Tail is a personal favourite, but every song on the album is great.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2013"
10,"I'm a fan. I have listened to these guys since rated R. After era vulgaris and some mediocre super group experimentation, I kinda thought Qotsa was doomed. I was wrong. Like clock work is good. I'm going to be listening to it for years to come(supposing I live for years to come). It's not everyone's cup of tea, but give it a try if you enjoy something that doesn't fit into the boring mold of aggressive rock. take a dash of crunchy groove mix well with surreal imagery, pepper with arrogance, whip in some humility, and top with mystery; repeat as needed and enjoy.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"This summer, Queens of the Stone Age returned from the desert with their first album after a six year hiatus, the magnificent ...Like Clockwork. The themes of their most diverse album were majorly influenced by Josh Homme's depressing, months-long stay in a hospital, recovering from MRSA. As Homme says in the penultimate track, 'I Appear Missing', 'pieces were taken from me, or dare I say, given away.'
The album is not only the band's most experimental work yet - aside from, maybe, Era Vulgaris - it is also by far their most emotional. The album has this strange eerie feel, which is expressed especially in the album's companion 15-minute music video.
The album has too many guest appearances to count, including Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys, and Dave Grohl (you know, Dave Grohl). Fans of QotSA's Songs For The Deaf from 2003 may need to take a few listens to adapt to the sound of this album, but it's hard not to see that the album's title track is one of the most beautiful songs Homme has ever written, and 'My God Is The Sun''s bassline during the verse is absolute perfection. The lyrics in 'The Vampyre of Time and Memory' are purposefully misleading, and delivered brilliantly: 'I speak, I breathe. I'm incomplete. I'm alive. Hooray! You're wrong again, 'cause I feel no love.'
The album is incredible, absolutely worth taking the time to listen to from beginning to end. It's been my personal favorite album since I first heard it, and who knows? Maybe you'll share my opinion.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2014"
10,"This is indeed what we can call a bold album. There's character and tenderness in it. A master piece that mixes brilliant song writing, production and incredible musicianship.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2014"
10,"this album is a classic i have bought it twice one on cd and one on record thats how much i love this it is there best work since songs for the deaf  10/10",0,0,"May 20, 2014"
6,"Once again the Queens of the Stone age deliver another good album and continue to impress. Several guest musicians are featured in ....Like Clockwork but nothing sounds recycled. Just an overall good album.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2014"
10,"Brilliant. The best album of 2013. It is Josh Homme pulling out his best moves, and creating a vivid example of musicianship and pure rock. Queens of the Stone Age (more powerful than ever), and a great group of collaborators (from best friend Dave Grohl to the one and only Sir Elton John), prove that rock is not only not dead, is more alive than ever. Is an album that combines a great production with a strong variety of sounds and thoughts that at times you can't believe it's the guys that created songs like Song for the Dead or Go With The Flow. Of course we don't lose the feeling that's Josh Homme and company, it has a strange remembrance of Rated R, and with songs like Keep Your Eyes Peeled and My God is The Sun, you know it's the hard-rockers we love. I Appear Missing is just pure glory.
Is arguably Queens best work (Song for The Deaf is hard to beat, and Rated R is just excellent), but it is a very very good album, that by the time you reach ...Like Clockwork (a beautiful melody by the way, the least 'Queens' song in the album), you are left only wanting for more.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2014"
10,"I listened to this album before I heard any other QOTSA album.  I liked it, and then I listened again, and then again.  Gave it some time and then came back, and then couldn't stop listening to it.  I bought, I've listened to it countless times, and only now with as much space as I have now can I legitimately say that not only is it my favorite album of 2013, it's one of my favorite albums of all time.  I won't drag you down with details you already know, but suffice to say this album is just about perfect, even if it doesn't feels so on first listen.  It's not for everyone, but if this is your jam, this is REALLY your jam.  I love it in every way, even its faults.  If you haven't heard it, then listen to it.  Now.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2014"
10,"God this album is so good. Like, I love QOTSA a LOT, enough to say that all of their releases so far have been really solid. But this album looks and feels like a return to what they were doing back in the late 90's and early 2000's. This is superior to both Era Vulgaris and Lullabies to Paralyze (both of which are still very good albums) and is right up there with Rated R, Songs for the Deaf, and their self-titled debut in 1998. The thematic nature is so wonderful, and it makes my favorite tracks like 'I Sat by the Ocean', 'If I Had a Tail', 'Smooth Sailing', and 'I Appear Missing' all feel so effortlessly connected and beautiful. Seriously, this album is ****",0,0,"Jan 12, 2015"
10,"In my opinion this is their best album (just ahead of Rated R). I don't see how people didn't like this theres so many catchy riffs, great vocals, amazing features, etc. I think they're gonna find it difficult to follow this up.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2015"
10,"Stoner rock elite take a bad trip.  Like Clockwork is dirty, harsh but ultimately beautiful.  Easily Queens strongest album, it's their opus magnus and only missing that one killer mainstream track to lure the pop muppets over to the enlightened side (there is no duality, monkey wrench or uprising).
As it stands Like Clockwork is an epic piece of work flowing seamlessly from track to track and blending all the elements utterly seamlessly (you will NOT spot Elton John guesting on a track unless you're looking for him).
Starting quietly but building throughout to the end with the ultimately sad but  uplifting title track Like Clockwork is one of the most complete albums I've ever heard - there is no song I would skip here.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2015"
9,"The Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock bank from Palm Desert, California, and were formed in 1996. The bands line up features Josh Homme performing the lead vocals and guitar, and occasionally the piano, Troy Van Leeuwen playing the guitar, Michael Shuman playing the bass guitar, and Jon Theodore playing the drums. QOTSA have released six albums as of now, however the fifth album, Era Vulgaris was released in 2006. There was a long five years before their next album was released in 2011, ...Like Clockwork.  The album ...Like Clockwork by Queens of the Stone Age begins with the track Keep Your Eyes Peeled. This track starts off with a fuzzy, slow, yet aggressive bass line. It further develops into a spacey and ominous song, yet it has a very clearly defined rhythm. Starting the album with this song gave me the impression that the album was going to be a little bit like Songs for the Deaf and Era Vulgaris combined, however the content of the album varies greatly. This album features some harder rock/stoner rock songs, like Keep Your Eyes Peeled and Kalopsia. Kalopsia starts off with a very spacey and peaceful intro and then develops into a more driven and harder sound, while maintaining the same time signature. This part is relatively short, and afterwards the song goes back into its spacey and peaceful mood. There are also some very slow and elegant sounding songs on the album, such as ...Like Clockwork and The Vampyre of Time and Memory. ...Like Clockwork happens to be my personal favorite track on this album. It is a very pretty sounding song with heavy emphasis on the piano and slow and mysterious sounding vocals. It isn't all focused on the piano, as the guitar plays two very simple, yet great weeping solos. The album also features some more stereotypical rock tracks, such as I Sat By The Ocean and If I Had a Tail. Both of these songs feature a very standard song structure and aren't too experimental. The album closes with the song Like Clockwork, which gives the listener a good sense of closure due to it's pretty yet melancholic sound. The album as a whole focuses on combining their older sound with some slower tempos and more experimental sounds. It's safe to say that the album doesn't feature one bad song, which is unusual for any album. In fact, this album is very well balanced. Every track is very good in its own way, and as for the ones that I didn't like at first, they grew on me significantly. ...Like Clockwork is one of their better albums, and I believe that it is one of the more solid modern albums available right now.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2015"
9,"After a busy and extremely turbulent period for frontman Josh Homme, QOTSA returned in 2013 with their sixth record, inspired by his bout of depression and his near-death experience on the operating table. It is without question, the weirdest sounding album Queens have released to date, but it also the rawest. Homme's passion and emotion comes through in a way that has rarely happened before, delving into himself in a way even he couldn't have imagined. While the album continues the trend of being sonically different from each of the five albums gone before it, there's a sense that it's the closest thing to their 2002 breakthrough Songs for the Deaf they've ever made, but only with a more Floydian vibe as opposed to the driving, groove-based sound that dominated the group's first three records. The lyricism on many of the tracks, especially I Sat By the Ocean, The Vampyre of Time and Memory and the title track, are among the best Homme has ever penned. The instrumentals compliment the chaotic, depressive (and borderline nihilist and self-destructive) topics on show here brilliantly, whilst maintaining the sharp, crunchy desert rock sound the group are renowned for. Old friends such as Nick Olivieri, Mark Lanegan and Dave Grohl (who filled out the group on Songs for the Deaf) make welcome returns to the fold, as well as guest spots from Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails), Alex Turner (Arctic Monkeys) and Sir Elton John. And even though the guest list is large, as has always been on Queens' records, Homme's always been the one who's ran the show, although he takes the attention away from himself on Fairweather Friends which instantaneously feels like the massive group effort that it is. I Appear Missing, the album's penultimate track is nothing short of genius that shows Homme at his most helpless and despondent, and features an excellent syncopated rhythm section and a painfully emotive solo and climax that can evoke a tear from a glass eye. The only gripes with the album (which are few and far between) is that Keep Your Eyes Peeled is a fairly poor song in comparison to the other nine here (the plus of that is at least it opens the album and is thankfully not wedged between If I Had a Tail and My God Is the Sun). While the fact that I Appear Missing and ...Like Clockwork weren't swapped in the tracklist does give an almost anti-climatic feel to the end of the album, but because of the overall quality of the songwriting, production and lyricism here, it is still a fantastic album that many (like Homme) who have been down a dark path, can relate to. If Josh is ...gonna pray for rain, again and again..., then hopefully the quality of his work then is as good as it is here.
Album Highlights - The Vampyre of Time and Memory, If I Had a Tail, My God Is the Sun, Fairweather Friends and I Appear Missing.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2015"
10,"...Like Clockwork is one of the few albums were I find every song in the album excellent. I have no problem with this album whatsoever, it could be called a masterpiece, if you will.
We have some pure stoner rock tracks throughout the album, while still having a few melancholy piano driven tracks that inject much more emotion to the record.
Do not hesitate in checking out this album, and this is coming from a guy who recently discovered the band. I love this album to its core and it deserves to be along the best of the best.
Stand-outs: I Sat by the Ocean, If I Had a Tail, My God is the Sun, Fairweather Friends, I Appear Missing",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
9,"Esse no  um lbum comum,  uma reinveno. Mas tambm no  uma simples reinveno, j que  bastante nostlgica. Aps quase 6 anos sem um novo disco, o QOTSA nos entrega uma obra prima.
A primeira faixa 'Keep Your Eyes Peeled' introduz o que veremos no lbum: tenso. Ao longo da faixa, esperamos o bvio: a exploso da guitarra. Mas ela no vem. A atmosfera criada pela faixa inicial cria o clima perfeito para a excelente 'I Sat by the Ocean' que proporciona um dos melhores momentos do disco. Tempo para recuperar o flego na magnfica balada 'The Vampyre of Time and Memory', um show a parte.
Em seguida, mais uma tima msica, 'If I Had a Tail', que  seguida pela agressiva 'My God Is the Sun', um passeio pelos clssicos do QOTSA, facilmente encaixvel na setlist de 'Songs for the Dead'. 'Kalopsia' talvez seja o momento mais fraco do lbum, o que, dada a qualidade do disco, no  demrito, e nos entrega uma boa msica, mas s isso. 'Smooth Sailing' e 'Fairweather Friends' funcionam bem em sequncia e so excelentes, esta ltima contando com o piano de ningum menos que Elton John.
E enfim, o melhor momento do disco de forma absoluta: 'I Appear Missing'. Tudo nessa msica vislumbra a perfeio. A letra e a parte instrumental so simbiticas, e nos proporciona uma introspeco incrvel, uma das melhores msicas da banda. '...Like Clockwork', a faixa ttulo, fecha o lbum com o tipo de composio que faz com que, quase de forma hipntica, apertemos o play novamente e ouamos tudo novamente.
Se trata de um lbum com solidez, as msicas separadas no fazem tanto sentido quanto juntas e em sequncia. Ao prestar mais ateno,  possvel perceber a atmosfera surrealista do lbum, e diferentemente de muitos dos lbuns lanados hoje em dia, fica melhor a cada audio. Sem medo de arriscar, coloco '...Like Clockwork' como um dos melhores lbuns de rock do sculo XXI, e sem dvida, o segundo melhor lbum do Queens of the Stone Age, afinal, ser melhor que 'Songs for the Dead'  uma tarefa no mnimo ingrata.
Melhores msicas: 'I Appear Missing', 'My God is The Sun', 'I Sat By the Ocean', 'The Vampyre of Time and Memory'",0,0,"Aug 15, 2016"
10,"Okay so the reason I'm giving this a 10/10 is because I love The-Dreams sound and type of music he can produce only he can produce this type of sound his RNB is unique and he never sells out as an artist he stays loyal and doesn't go with the mainstream dance songs and techno rubbish we see in the charts today this album has 2 bad songs turnt and tron the rest are ace it's a new sound dream but hints at the guy you grew and love",0,1,"Jun 18, 2013"
7,"If you love that ratchet music, you'll love this ratchet album. My favourite songs on there are Turnt and Where have you been. Decent album with innovative features.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
10,"This is probably one of the most polished live albums you'll ever hear. Wings Over America has always been one of my favorite McCartney albums.... Then again, I love all his music! Nonetheless, this an excellent album. 10/10",0,0,"Feb 27, 2014"
6,"'Demi' is like a mixture of two of Lovato's latest releases. Catchy teen-pop songs that are most likely to be the future singles, mixed with the emotional heart-breaking ballads. And we can say its her best record so far.",5,5,"May 14, 2013"
10,"Well, comparing this to unbroken, this album is amazing. She wrote (almost) all the songs of 'DEMI'. I'm so proud. her voice sounds awesome. i love the guitar and the sound of real instruments. This album deserves to be a success, and have a great tour to promote it. My favorites so far is 'Shouldn't Come Back', 'Something That We're Not', 'Heart Attack' and 'Never Been Hurt'.",3,3,"May 14, 2013"
10,"'Demi' is a very nice pop album, its a beautiful. Demi has finally managed to find her sound and the lyrics are definitely better than her previous album 'Unbroken'.",3,3,"May 18, 2013"
3,"um lbum bom dependendo do momento que vc tiver ouvindo. tem momentos entediantes mas tem momentos bons. pra mim  um lbum normal, chato e cansativo. demi j teve melhores",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"So goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood",2,2,"Sep 20, 2015"
10,"Demi has managed to make ever single song on this album a hit. The songs are both lyrically and vocally magnificent. This is most definitely Lovato's best album to date.",11,13,"May 14, 2013"
10,"This album is beautiful and catchy. I'm keeping it on repeat, and I really look up to hear 'Warrior' cause it's such an AMAZING song. I love Demi cause she really can sing and she can put all her emotional side on her songs!",4,5,"May 14, 2013"
0,"Good to sleep
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ",3,4,"Jan 12, 2014"
6,"Not her best album. Lyrically weak, musically generic. 'Never Been Hurt' is another 'Unbroken'. 'Warrior' is the new 'Skyscraper' and 'Shouldn't Come Back' is like 'For the Love of a Daughter' Part II.
Lovato could have tried to put the album together. Even though it's quite versatile, it seems to be all over the place and have no cohesion at all.",2,3,"May 18, 2013"
7,"What I like about Demi is that she has a powerful voice, but does not have the need to expose it to the whole song. Not a perfect album, far from it, but close to everything that the Disney Stars are showing, 'Demi' is by far the best album.",2,3,"Nov  7, 2013"
4,"Demi Lovato's vocals have certainly matured beyond her years and even though her fourth album's self-title suggests otherwise, Demi almost completely contradicts that maturity and could easily take the 21-year-old troubled songstress back to her teen pop years since that is basically what the many producers behind it intended it to be. Lead single 'Heart Attack', second single 'Made In the U.S.A.', 'Without the Love', and soon-to-be-single 'Neon Lights' solidify Lovato's undeniably manufactured charm whilst wishy-washy ballads such as 'Nightingale' and 'Shouldn't Come Back' attempt to take Lovato to personal territory without never reaching there. Even in her ballads, Lovato's vocals are heavily dubbed and even processed, which makes no sense to the common ear. It's a disappointment to anyone who believed that Lovato could break her tween star image and would use her publicly courageous battle with emotional stress and self-harm to strengthen herself.",2,3,"Oct 11, 2013"
10,"This is a great album! I liked every song on the album (it took me awhile to accept 'Something That We're Not'), and it's been my favorite album ever since. Keep it up, Demi!",2,3,"Apr 10, 2014"
0,"Eu ainda me pergunto como esse album pode ter uma nota maior que o Unbroken... esse album e HORRVEL, o pior de toda a sua 'carreira'. Warrior e Made In The USA so as nicas musicas relevantes nesse cd. Deve ser horrivel para Demi Lovato ver as outras Ex-Disneys se renovando e evoluindo em seus trabalhos em quanto ela s perde a qualidade a cada era.",2,3,"Apr 15, 2015"
9,"'Demi' is a very personal and beautiful album. It reflects her versatility and her talent as a singer and songwriter that packs in a ton of replay value. Whilst the lyrical quality has ups and downs, her vocal performances are on point.
Read my full review here: http://smarturl.it/demialbumreview",3,5,"May 14, 2013"
7,"Demi, Lovato's fourth studio album feels like a combination of Lovato's two earlier albums and her previous one, Unbroken. With a pop rock feel on some tracks mixed with R&B dance-pop production and a number of big, slick ballads, Demi feels carefully calculated. This album is not a personal one, it's just a collection of songs to prove Lovato a successful, hit-making pop diva. In that matter, it succeeds. Too bad Demi shows very little musical growth for Lovato, besides vocally. Demi is pretty much a step backward into the familiar teen pop territory. Vocally, however, Demi is on point. She sings songs like she means them (not that she really does.) She wails, belts, screams, yells and it all sounds beautiful. Her voice may be the only thing that makes the material on Demi listenable. Lyrically, it's quite challenging. Lyrics are reminiscent of Carly Rae Jepsen's Kiss album in that they're both fluffy, but nonetheless interesting. Production-wise, it's pretty good. It's feel-good pop rock with dance and R&B influences and slick, radio-ready power ballad production. However, production on Demi is too teen pop. Too much like Miley Cyrus and Selena Gomez & the Scene. Demi is not a bad album for Lovato; it's quite entertaining. It's just disappointing that a pop singer with such attitude and a sense of fun, is now just fishing for hits instead of making music that feels inspiring in some way. Lovato needs a maturity check.
HIGHLIGHTS: Heart Attack, Made In The USA, Something That We're Not, Fire Starter",2,4,"May 19, 2013"
8,"Great album with a nice mix of Pop songs, and while some do sound the same it's certainly not a bad thing as they are great songs! Lead single 'Heart Attack' pretty much sums up the album and what you will expect for the following tracks to come, and any Demi fans who liked her first albums will surely like this one too.",1,2,"Jun  7, 2013"
9,"1. Heart Attack: I personally love this song and I feel like when DEMI came out everyone forgot about it. The lyrics and relatabilty (i dont think thats a word) is so awesome. Pains more trouble than love is worth is one of my favorite lyrics shes ever had. At first I didn't really understand the bridge but after i really thought about it, I was very impressed with the metaphors.
2. Made in the USA: I kinda like this song, but I dont love it. It doesnt really stand out on the album. It is just another pop song to me (which isnt bad) it just doesnt really wow me. Her vocals on the other hand are really good, especially during the chorus.
3. Without the Love:This song is probably my favorite off of the album. I feel like Demi went in a different direction with this. To me this song is the best off the album. The lyrics and comparisons and superb. Some of my favorite lyrics are this is the bend before the break, where forget the harmony  and  yeah you push me in the spotlight just to steal the show  and you work so hard to get me just to let me go
4.Neon Lights: I liked this song for a couple of days, but i would love if there were more lyrics to it. I hate songs that repeat the first verse and chorus, they just lack originality to me.  While this song definitely isnt one of my favorites, i still like to jam to it every now and then. P.S. Her vocals during the dance break are awesome!!
5. Two Pieces: This song reminds me a lot of fun.s We Are Young but for a less mature audience. I dont have a lot to say about this song, but I still like it a lot and it really displays her vocals very well.
6. Nightingale: This song is just beautiful and raw. The emotion and mellow mood it sets is awesome. Although I cant really relate to it because Ive never felt like someone was watching over me, I still love it and it is one of the best on the album. I say grammy worthy.
7. In Case: I cant even begin with this song. Her vocals have got to be the best shes ever done in any song. Like, this song in on a Fix a Heart level or higher. This one is a grammy worthy song.
8. Really Dont Care (ft. Cher Lloyd): It is impossible to listen to this song and be upset. It is such a great pop song and it is so fun. Another thing I love and notice about every song is that Demi made it so you heard an actual instrument in every song. Really Dont Care has the acoustic guitar during the chorus and even the piano in Neon Lights.I really love the first verse in this song. Im not in love with Chers part but it adds a nice touch of brat into the song.
9. Fire Starter: While I can tolerate this song, I kinda dont really like it. I definitely dont have it on repeat like Without the Love or Really Dont Care. I absolutely cant stand the opening lyric, but I like the chorus and I kinda like the production.Her vocals are really the only part of this song I love.
10. Something That Were Not: God, this is another song I cant listen to and be mad at the same time. This song is so fun and catchy AND BEYOND RELATABLE. I dont care how ugly you think you are, you have all had the one person that was obsessed with you. Also, the little ba da ba da da da da da are so awesome and they really make the song  I can just see her performing this song and the crowd singing along and just having fun.
11. Never Been Hurt: This song is such an Unbroken 2.0 it aint even funny. I honestly hate the chorus of this song. If she took the production and chorus of Unbroken and put it on Never Been Hurt, I would be in love with this song. I absolutely hate the HUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT part, but the other vocals she has in it and the lyrics in the bridge and verses are pretty cool.
12: Shouldnt Come Back: I honestly love this song with all my heart. I have a hard time picking which song about her dad is better. At first I wasnt sure if she was talking about her dad or an ex but I figured it out. Also, the emotion in here in unreal. That last time she says, 'STOP, right now, youll only let me down' causes eargasms all the time. However, I do wish there was more to the bride.
13. Warrior: I really like this song. I kinda prefer it over Skyscraper. I feel like it is very mature and not so juvenile. The lyrics are very relatable. BUT, I will say that I was very disappointed vocally. I am NOT saying that she didn't sound amazing, but I was expecting more from this song.
Overall Review:  Id give this album an 8/10. I dont think Demi has completely morph into an adult (which is perfectly fine) but I feel like she is growing with her fans which is something not enough artist do these days. Another thing, that I already said, is that you hear an actua",1,2,"Aug 27, 2013"
0,"Demi never grows? I honestly expected much more from music, she does not know how to use your voice. It never changes. I feel as if listening to children's songs.",1,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
1,"De fato o pior lbum de Demi Lovato, a nica msica apresentavl  'Heart Attack' que h um sentido, o resto das msicas se igualam s anteriores, eu como uma admiradora antiga da mesma, considero que Demi prometeu MUITO e no compriu boa parte das promessas, h ainda um longo caminho para ela percorrer at se tornar uma artista.",1,2,"Oct 15, 2014"
7,"Demi decaiu muito do Unbroken para esse lbum,  um lbum bom de ouvir, com boas msicas porm a qualidade vocal que ela tem poderia ter criado msicas melhores;  um lbum legal porm poderia ser melhor.
Pontos altos: Heart Attack e Warrior
Pontos baixos: Never Been Hurt e I Hate You, Don't Leave Me",1,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
2,"Um dos piores albuns que eu tive o desprazer de ouvir!
Melhores msicas ''Neon Lights'' e ''Really Don't Care (Feat. Cher Lloyd)'' ..................",1,2,"Jun 21, 2015"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",1,2,"May  4, 2015"
1,"ruim de mais aff v Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",1,2,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"'Demi'  Um Excelente Album.
Merece Um 10 Mesmo,Mas Acho Que Ela Exagerou Muito Nas Baladas Muito Calmas Podiam Ser Mais Bem Planejadas Como Mistake De Unbroken.
Mas Mesmo Assim Merece 10.
Top 5
1-Never Been Hurt
2-Two Pieces
3-Made In Usa
4-Without The Love
5-Heart Attack
Fire Starter E Something That We're Not So Pontos Altos Tambm",2,5,"Jun 17, 2013"
0,"flopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflopflop",2,5,"Mar 25, 2015"
0,"Demi tries to create upbeat, synthesized pop anthems that are both catchy and uninspired, that you'd hear a thousand times on 96.5 FM. Sounds like teen-pop to me.",3,8,"May 16, 2013"
3,"Worst album released in 2013 by a singer. Is tiring, boring and bad. I think it's time for her to retire. I hated everything she did this year. E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G.",2,6,"Jan 16, 2014"
10,"Of course it's one of her best albums ever, Heart Attack, the smash hit was such a different (and good) song, Made in the USA sounds like an anthem, Neon Lights a party and that's the perfect mix!",1,3,"Oct 10, 2013"
0,"What? This album is a joke. Demi Lovato again just shows someone that wants more and more money in music, and yes, Demi Lovato, must be so much rich. Awful album, except her voice that is a kind pretty.",4,15,"May 14, 2013"
0,"She never change, but sometimes changes is good. She needs to grow up. This album is her worst. Maybe she needs more 5 years to record some good think.",2,10,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"Her best work to date by far. So much emotion on songs like 'Shouldn't Come Back' and 'I Hate You, Dont Leave Me', you can tell this IS Demi. But it is also super fun and poppy on tracks like 'Neon Lights' and 'Really Dont Care' ft. Cher Lloyd. This is just perfection to me. There is not one bad song.",1,7,"May 14, 2013"
5,"The concept expressed in the cover and the title of the album was not well allocated on most tracks  Most of the songs on this album speak of the same things whenever we hear what plays on the radio. There isn't a personal album. Unbroken is still better in a matter of production and musicianship.",0,1,"May 18, 2013"
5,"'Demi', the follow-up to 2011's 'Unbroken', can only be described as lackluster. First off, it's no secret that Lovato possesses an incredible vocal range, which is why it is baffling to me that she would not choose to pair up her obvious vocal talent with some actual well-written songs. The album's only true stand-outs 'Heart Attack', 'Without the Love', 'Really Don't Care', and 'Fire Starter' are just swimming aimlessly in a pool of mediocrity; making it seem like Lovato couldn't decide whether to make a dance-pop, a teen-pop, an R&B, or an electro-pop record; which as a result makes 'Demi' seem almost laughably unfocused.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing for a record to be diverse, but 'Demi' makes musical diversity seem like a joke. The track listing is extremely unbalanced. The album starts off with the indescribably good 'Heart Attack', the decent 'Made in the USA', and the great 'Without the Love'. Following this, 'Demi' falls into utter madness. 'Neon Lights' is a generic, horribly-produced EDM mess, 'Two Pieces' is a boring and forgettable break-up song, 'Nightingale' is a vocally outstanding but sonically disappointing ballad, while 'In Case' is a ridiculously-written milquetoast pop track. 'Demi' redeems itself on the super fun and light-hearted 'Really Don't Care' (with the help of a mysteriously short verse from Cher Lloyd), the well-executed and impressive 'Fire Starter', and the decent but slightly generic fist-pumper 'Something That We're Not'. But then after this, 'Demi' falls back into meaningless ballads: 'Never Been Hurt' and 'Shouldn't Come Back'. At the end, 'Warrior', the sequel to her unforgettably powerful 2011 ballad 'Skyscraper'; closes off the album, however fails to build up the emotion of its 'Skyscraper'; which was an incredibly-written song that utilized Lovato's impressive vocal range and an idiosyncratic metaphor. 'Warrior' is just generic and boring.
In order for 'Demi' to be truly successful, she needs to take a hint from singers like Ariana Grande and Mariah Carey, whom she is similar to due to her impressive vocal range. The R&B and highly emotive songs on 'Unbroken' (such as 'Skyscraper' and 'For the Love of a Daughter') were indescribably great, while her third album's title track and her fourth album's opening track 'Heart Attack' were unforgettable and addicting electro-pop songs. If Demi can combine these two types of music on her fifth effort, she will have a critical and commercial hit on her hands.",0,1,"Oct 24, 2013"
6,"Demi Lovato the next Christina Aguilera. She has an amazing voice, but is this an amazing album no.
This may sound weird but every song (besides Really Don't Care and Something That Were Not) are perfect. But as a collective just make the album TOO emotional. Yeah that sounds weird. She definitely has grown through. I must say and this is also weird this is her worst album with great songs on it. The songs are good but only like 3-5 are fun. Heart Attack, USA, Fire Starter, Neon Lights, and thats it. Nightingale, Warrior, Two Pieces, etc are great. Now I am far from a hater she is one of my all time top 10 singers but this album is too emotional. Should you buy it. Yes just look at this album as the emotional side of Unbroken. Unbroken is the fun one DEMI is the emotional one.
Here We Go Again, then Unbroken, then Don't Forget, then DEMI.  This is how you listen to her.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2013"
9,"Really nice improvement from last album. More of a fun, lighthearted sound, yet keeping all of 'Unbroken'' honesty and theatricality. Every song is a pleasure to listen to, but I definitely have my favorites. 'Never Been Hurt', 'Something That We're Not', and 'Nightingale' all shine.",0,0,"May 15, 2013"
9,"Nicely done Demi! I found this better than Unbroken. The lead-single choice for 'Heart Attack' was great, but I kinda prefer 'Made in the USA'. Also I'm loving 'Warrior' and 'Never Been Hurt'. xx",0,0,"Jul 22, 2013"
8,"Possibly the most consistently crafted pop record in recent memory, Demi showcases Lovato's impressive vocal range as well as well-produced, shimmering pop. Highlights include 'Heart Attack,' 'Without the Love,' 'Nightingale' and 'Something That We're Not.'",0,0,"Aug 26, 2013"
10,"Amazing!!! Demi's album has everything we want in an album!! Its fun, emotional & the lyrics relates to the listener. This fourth album shows how much she has an adult has grown and how her career in the music industry is growing.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2013"
10,"Este  um dos melhores cds da Demi, destaque para 'Neon Lights', 'Without the Love', 'Really Don't Care' e 'Warrior'. Esse lbum leva a Demi a outro patamar",0,0,"Nov  4, 2013"
7,"I don't understand how people do not like a album but still they keep coming here to give a negative score and try to act as an expert critic. This is not her best album from afar and I am not a fan of hers, but this work is salvageable and unpretentious, able to entertain and satisfy the listener with this wonderful and crazy pop mix.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2015"
6,"I liked the songs'Heart Attack', 'Made in the USA', 'Neon Lights', 'Really don't care', 'Something that we're not', but I disliked the other songs immensely as the rest of the songs are too generic and painful to listen to. This is definitely not her best album. I feel that she can do better than this.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2014"
6,"Demi j teve dias melhores,esse com verteza  seu pior trabalho,seria nota 5,mas pela sua bela voz e por Neon Lights e outras 3 msicas do album,leva um 6.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
8,"Happy and sad at the same time, with poetic lyrics and catchy melodies. Demi's vocals one of the reasons I loved it. 'Demi' is a very personal and beautiful album, 'Demi' is amazing.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2014"
6,"a pretty basic pop record. the singles are strong (heart attack, made in the usa, really dont care, neon lights) one ballad (nightingale) and another song which came out and blasted my speakers (two pieces) - the rest is filler which is for her die hard fans.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2014"
7,"Like any artist turned around for teen public, Demi doesn't go so far about her music. In this side, she made a great album for her public. Lyrics easy for understand, Intrumentals that will play over and over in the teenager's mind. The vocals are great, in some songs too loud. My favs top 5: 1 - Never Been Hurt, 2 - Made in the USA, 3 - Without the love, 4 - Two Pieces, 5 - Warrior.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2014"
8,"Her vocal performances needn't be doubtful, but she needs to find more mature materials and leaves teen-pop in her next albums. The tracks in this album are mostly magnificent though 'Something That We're Not' is my most disliked. 'Never Been Hurt' is too-much alike Kelly Clarkson but still a good song.
:
None
:
'Heart Attack'; 'Without the Love'; 'Neon Lights'; 'Nightingale'; 'Fire Starter'; 'Never Been Hurt'; 'Shouldn't Come Back'; 'Warrior'
:
'Made in the USA'; 'Two Pieces'; 'In Case'; 'Really Don't Care'
:
'Something That We're Not'
:
None",0,0,"Dec 21, 2014"
10,"love it! omg demi this is like such a masterpiece and i'm totally really proud of how good you are! certain hits from this album and i'm so proud :) :)",0,0,"Feb 17, 2015"
0,"LBUM RIDICULO CREDO, S F MESMO PRA GOSTAR DE UM TRECO RUIM DESSES, COISA MAIS RUIM, MAIS FAROFENTA, MAIS MAL FEITA, TROCO POR OUTROS, PREFIRO ARRANCAR MEUS OUVIDOS FORA DO QUE TER QUE OUVIR ESSA MARMOTA MAIS UMA VEZ",0,0,"Jun 14, 2016"
7,"PT (BR): 'Um tombo aqui e outro l, digamos, razovel'. Diria eu, aps ouvir o sucessor do 'Unbroken', no me surpreendi muito visto que no  l grande coisa mas tambm no  to pior que o tal. As que eu destacaria do lbum de maneira positiva com certeza so 'Heart Attack', 'Made in The U.S.A', 'Neon Lights', 'Warrior' e a melhor no s deste lbum como da carreira da Demi Lovato, a faixa 'Without The Love'.  Simplesmente ... maravilhosa, uma tima balada romntica. Uma burrice imensa no ter feito single sendo que at mesmo 'Nightingale' ganhou clipe, uma das piores.
EN (US): 'A fall here and another there, say, reasonable'. I would say, after hearing the successor of 'Unbroken', I was not surprised much as it is not up to much but also not as worse than this. The I highlight the positively album are sure 'Heart Attack', 'Made in The USA', 'Neon Lights',' Warrior 'and the best not only in this album as the Demi Lovato career, the band' without The Love '. It's just ... wonderful, a great ballad. An immense stupidity not have done that even single being 'Nightingale' won clip, one of the worst.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
9,"'DEMi' delivers the fun, bubblegum pop side of her career as an musician, while still lacks the courage to take control of her own creativity through her music. With singles aimed for the radio (which some failed) like 'Neon Lights' and 'Made in the USA', Hollywood records forced a Top 40 sound to Ms. Lovato. Sonically, the album is catchy and able to be listened more than twice.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
2,"is a big crap that **** they did here? Jesus, I'm sick. Not to be considered waste, you have to have more feats. kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk",0,0,"Jul 29, 2015"
10,"Eu amo muito esse lbum dela, pra mim  uma das melhores cantoras que tem hoje e quanto s pessoas que fica vindo boicotar as notas, como j vi, s no ouvir, os haters nunca iro fazer diferena nenhuma da carreira dela. Espero que Demi consiga alcanar muita coisa boa ainda, pq ela  uma excelente cantora e compositora, diferente de outras a n.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2015"
10,"Esse lbum  timo, todas as msicas me agradam de algum jeito. Consigo escuta-l sem passar nenhuma msica, e isso  timo pois significa que voc gostou do lbum.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
9,"The best album that Demi has released since now and the most mature!!! I love its emotional styleand Demi seems to have became a strong mature pop artist!!!",0,0,"Sep 10, 2015"
7,"I used to listen her and now I did again and I still like this album. Ballades in here are amazing and her voice, ahhhh, is fantastic. One of the most talented Disney girls. (After XTina, obviously).",0,0,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato has evolved a lot in this last album. The disc already begins with the hit Heart Attack. This is surely an  A M A Z I N G  album! No wonder it sold 1 million copies ww.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"One of the best teen albums in my opinion, is something enjoyable to hear, sounds like an anthem, loved, very kind, I recommend you listen. omg omg omg",0,0,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Esse album  timo, ela exagerou um pouco nas baladinhas romanticas mas  bem legal. Os vocais esto perfeitos e as letras das msicas so maravilhosas. Destaque para 'Two Pieces', 'Heart Attack', 'I Hate You, Don't Leave Me', 'Fire Starter', 'Never Been Hurt' e principalmente para 'Warrior' e 'Nightingale'.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
5,"Pior lbum da Demi, eu achei ele bem confuso e que deixou a desejar no quesito produo. O antecessor, o Unbroken,  mil vezes melhor. No entanto, h msicas boas tambm. Made in The U.S.A e minha favorita.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"So good, but, Confident is better, still is good. Loved this album, everyone should hear this, this shows how Demi evolved, and she's getting better always.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The best album of 2013. Such a masterpiece. In love with the songs, very catchy and sassy songs. Amazing vocal performance, no auto-tune. Pop perfection.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
0,"I advise you to not spend your money buying that album. It's a waste of time and money! 'Heart Attack' is a good song but it's the only in this album.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
8,"Demi managed to evolve on this album, but only vocally, the quality has fallen enough, WHERE THE DEMI'S Unbroken ?? The songs are good, but the beats do not save, letters such as Warrior and Made In The USA saved the album, even the last being very annoying.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"This album has almost all elements to have a good music. First, the diversity of the songs is perfect. If you want to party or have fun you can find songs from the album. If you're sad and heartbroken you can also choose from the album. If you want someone to inspire you to get moving with your life you can play some of the songs. Secondly, her vocals are great. Not as great with her latest album, confdent but still great. You can feel her emotions and intentions and thats what important. Demi keep slaying.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2015"
7,"Se por um lado temos canes que parecem um tanto infantis quanto Made in the USA e Really Don't Care podemos ver Demi amadurecendo de outro: Os altos vocais de Neon Lights e Wariior impressionam qualquer um tanto pela voz quanto pela maturidade ao longo dos trabalhos. Demi  um lbum que serve de introduo  nova fase da carreira dessa cantora, apesar de alguns erros - que na verdade sejam at perdoveis se tratanto de uma musica pop que quer agradar radios -  ela consegue fazem um ballano entre o que ela tinha apresentado nos lbuns anteriores, mostrando uma boa diversidade atravs do lbum, tambm. Demi pode no ter agradado os fs ao lanar esse material, mas algumas vezes  necessrio esse passo para continuar seguindo e no cair num cclo repetitivo.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2016"
7,"I am so proud of her to be slaying with those vocals. the album is quite good and I really enjoyed it.
score of the tracks
1. Heart attack 9/10
2. made in the Usa 7/10
3. with out the love 7/10
4. neon lights 7/10
5. two pieces 6/10
6. in case 8/10
7. really don't care 8/10
8. fire starter 6/10
9. something that we're not 7/10
10. never been hurt 7/10
11. Shouldn't come back 10/10
12. Warrior 9/10
overall: 75.8/120",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"Muito bom.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
9,"MATURE, BEAUTIFUL, GENUINE
A is the perfect fusion of melodic elegance, pop joy, and melancholy, along with current production and arrangement elements.  A is further a perfectly elevated fusion of Agnethas ageless vocals evoking more than ever and better than anyone love, nostalgia and melancholy accompanied by melodies that match the yearning and expressiveness of her voice.  The album is instantly catchy without being common, showcasing the Swedes (Elofsson and Nordahl in this case) mastery of melody ---melodies so good no doubt they could be labeled or confused for formulaic.
Two songs are stand-outs: The One Who Loves You Now, & I Was A Flower
The One Who Loves You Know  Hints of The Carpenters in the melody are present, but it could have been written by Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus during the 1976  1980 period.  That says it all.  It has one of those melodies full of melancholy, overwhelming sweetness, and love.   It is difficult to overlook the vocal fragility, lightness and perfection with which Agnetha delivers.  A brilliant joy of a song.  A++
I Was A Flower  This song displays Agnetha's voice in beautifully perfect shape and form, and blows one away by the grand melody and dramatic lyrics.  This song could have easily been on ABBA's last and most critically acclaimed album, The Visitors.  It is that dark, sad, melancholic, dramatic, intense, and perfect.  It has a bitterness that one can almost taste.  If you listen carefully and know Agnethas voice well, you will notice that there are parts where Agnetha uses her voice like she has never done.  I find her voice in this song impeccable: more mature, more bitter, more fragile, and more expressive than even in The Winner Takes It All and The Day Before You Came.  I Was A Flower is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard.  A++
Perfume in the Breeze  This song could have been written for Madonnas Ray Of Light by William Orbit, but it comes in a lighter and less sophisticated production.  Despite Ray of Light being among my all-time-favorite albums, I actually like the fact that Perfume in the Breeze is so light and unpretentious.  The first time I heard it I suspected it would be one of my least favorite songs in A, but by the second play I was sold.  It has a sad lyric with a bright and uplifting melody a la ABBAs S.O.S.  I love the carefree joy that the melody evokes.   A+
I Should Have Followed You Home (with Gary Barlow)  A grand and gorgeous song full of tenderness, displaying the most current sound and production on the album.  The melody is pure pop with very slight hints of Coldplay and Tiesto, if you can imagine that mix, but it works!  Vocally and melodically it works as well, and it is definitely another winner.  A+
Bubble  Accurately described by Agnetha, and her favorite song on A, Bubble is no doubt reminiscent of Sade, especially of songs on Lovers Rock.  If you listen carefully, you will realize that the melody is also reminiscent of Duran Duran.  Simon Le Bon could have easily sang this song, well suited for his range and style.  Elofsson and Nordahl (the producers of A) do a great job with the production and arrangement that make Bubble feel very Agnetha despite my comparisons.  It is a wow song displaying more gorgeous vocals by Agnetha, dreamy/ambient-trance/atmospheric-like production, and nostalgic undertones.  A+
I Keep Them On The Floor Beside My Bed  This song proves that Agnetha can truly write beautiful songs. Very Beatles-eque/E.L.O-ish, the melody is loving, sweet, soft, and nostalgic, with hints of resignation and peace.  It is obvious that Agnetha wrote the melody originally thinking the song would end-up being a childrens lullaby (as she mentioned on a recent interview), but the lyrics work well non-the-less.  I can completely hear her craftsmanship and writing style, so much so that if in Swedish, I feel this song could have been on one of her Swedish solo albums, Elva Kvinnor I Ett Hus.  It is unfortunate that she did not write more songs for this album.   Beautiful!  A+
The rest of the songs are Dance Your Pain Away (B+), a fun and irresistibly catchy & camp disco tune with potential to be a Dance hit; When You Really Loved Someone (B+), the song chosen as the 1st single, showcasing a great soaring chorus and nice verses and bridge, but something is missing; and two songs that are just OK: Past Forever (C-) and Back on Your Radio (C-).
6 outstanding songs, 2 great songs, and 2 OK songs  not bad!
To those who may not understand the overall beauty of this album, I leave them with Agnethas last words on this album, Why is love so hard to understand?",2,4,"Jun  2, 2013"
9,"I bought A based on JKM's review and several of the critic reviews here on Metacritic.  I agree with most of JKM's review and some of the critics, except that I feel like Agnetha's voice should have been showcased more throughout the album.  The production should have been more bare and simple, for example with guitar and piano only.  It is a very beautiful album deserving of a 10, but because of the production I give it a nine.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2014"
9,"Despite what the critics are saying about the movie, 1 thing is for certain, the soundtrack is masterful. Executive Producer Jay-Z did a fantastic job of putting this together. The stand out tracks to me are, besides obvious favorites Lana Del Rey & Florence  The Machine, Jack White with his cover of U2's 'Love Is Blindness', Coco O's 'Where The Wind Blows', Emeli Sande & The Bryan Ferry Orchestra's 'Crazy In Love (Kid Koala Version)', and Gotye's 'Heart's A Mess'. Excellent music all around and it is a very enjoyable listen from start to finish.",2,2,"May  8, 2013"
9,"Despite the critics are saying bad about the movie, the soundtrack is really good. The highlights are Emeli with Crazy In Love, Jay-Z with $100 Bill and Lana Del Rey's Young and Beautiful. I recommend this.",1,1,"May 12, 2013"
8,"Great Gatsby surprisingly have good variety on its album. It works well with the movie  but 3 songs I regret hearing  Back To Black is one. What a disappointment  well on the bright side the rest is worth the listen such as 'Young and Beautiful', 'One Love' and 'Where The Wind Blows'",0,0,"May 10, 2013"
6,"Though the soundtrack may be (kind of) relevant to it's source material, the selection of songs is definitely a mixed bag (just like the movie!). With songs ranging from awful to brilliant, this soundtrack is a messy experience; but luckily there are more good songs then bad songs. Featuring complete trash such as Will.i.am's 'Bang Bang' and any songs like such really bring down the album, as they to do to the film. But this album is saved by Lana Del Rey's haunting 'Young and Beautiful', Florence and the Machine's 'Over the Love' and The XX's mesmerising 'Together'. Overall, the soundtrack plays out like the film; starts off rocky then slowly repairs itself.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2013"
7,"Quality Soundtrack from a great film, and while not all of the songs are good songs on their own, as a collective they make for a great soundtrack and I remember them all clearly in the film. Favourites would have to be Back to Black, Crazy in Love and Fergie's 'A Little Party Never Killed Nobody'.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2013"
9,"Excellently combining the classy 20's era jazz with modern day pop, The Great Gatsby soundtrack features a lot of consistently great talent and fun tracks. I found it consistently great throughout, (except for Gotye, never cared for them), with my favorites being 'Over the Love' by Florence  The Machine, 'Young and Beautiful' by Lana Del Rey, and 'A Little Party Never Killed Nobody' by Fergie, Q-Tip and Goonrock.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2013"
0,"An album that is designed to stink of lawsuits and 5 pieces of broken property (belonging to Anjunabeats and Musical Freedom) so bad, the title doesn't need to be turned into a pun. #trancestealer",23,23,"Apr 23, 2013"
0,"An album that displays the pure non-creativity of will.i.am. The obvious stealing of others' music and base lines prove the selfishness of the music industry as it currently stands. Let's take a stolen track and add two awful people over the song so that people will understand how much the music industry sucks. If will.i.am really wanted to make 'good music', then making his own would be a great plan. To will.i.am i say, have some pride in your own work and pride in what you do. You are a well known artist for a reason, show people why you are so popular through examples of your work, not through leeching off of people less well known than yourself.",8,8,"Apr 26, 2013"
2,"will.i.am is possibly one of the biggest sell outs in history. He went from underground to making mainstream urban music (but that was decent, and Black Eyed Peas breathrough albums were good) but after the explosion of dance music 5 years ago, he went in a whole new direction. Will doesn't like not being successful and making music that's out of the loop. Urban music was suddenly old news and Will changed accordingly. After an extended break, Black Eyed Peas came back with a new album composed of electronica, completely different from all their old work and their follow-up, The Beginning, was more of the same and had such negative reception that the group went on haitus. But Will's been busy in this time, turning himself into an electro singer and producer and so we have his first solo album in over 6 years. And surprise, surprise, it's full of soul-less dance music. Will might think he's revolutionary but everything here has been done before (and much better at that). Shortly before the album's release, a controvery emerged with several dance producers claiming that Will stole their work. Their claims were completely justified and makes perfect sense  you can't go from being a great urban act to being a great dance act so easily. Something must have been stolen. Aside from this, Will's voice is sub par and he desperately tries to disguise it with an over-abundance of features from performers that are all desperate for career boosts. It's an all-round desperate album. But there are some moments, surprisingly, where we get a glimpse into the real Will. Good Morning is a gorgeous, spiritual introduction to the album, The World Is Crazy is a political song that is like Where Is The Love? 2.0, Far Away From Home is a carefree song about freedom with an almost rock edge, Ghetto Ghetto is a true to life track about the underprivelaged with a really cute feature and the real exellence comes from deluxe track, Smile Mona Lisa. This song is so beautiful with sad lyrics and the most heartbreaking classical solo from Nicole Scherzinger. A true revelation. This song made me want to cry because it was sad and because this is the kind of artist Will could be if he stopped caring about being commercially successful. I shake my head at how he has changed everything about himself, even his dress sense and hairstyle, to hang onto relevancy. The man has sold his soul for fame and only time will tell if he can recover it.",7,7,"Apr 25, 2013"
0,"this album is so bad..... it just has generic music, a lot of inspiration from others artists, nothing new at all.. i just hope fergie come with her album and teaches him how to do an album",4,4,"Apr 28, 2013"
0,"This album is carried so much by the electronic pieces of repetitive ear-torture, it is practically a sin to call the  album's creator 'will.i.am. Cero",4,4,"Apr 27, 2013"
1,"There is little that is less pretentious than implied arrogance. At least if you come right out about it, you can argue that it was all for a good laugh, but really, all you're doing otherwise is thinly veiling it behind a layer of seriousness. Similarly, there is, in this universe, no faster way to make me dislike an album than the artist implying that it is good. As far as I can remember, #willpower is the very first album to pull that off in the album itself.
Will.i.am is not the trend-setting superstar he was once known as. The onset of new sounds and people have sent him running to keep up, which has made him take some very strange paths of musical experimentation. One could argue that this started during production of The E.N.D, but I think that album, no matter how inane that album was, it had a bit of good in it. Not so for Will.i.am's newest solo album.
First, a little song called Good Morning. Being the first song in the album, it was refreshing. I actually found myself thinking 'wow, this is actually pretty good.' And it is a good song. Good orchestration, good production, passable lyrics, overall a good first impression. It got me looking forward to this album.
Then came Hello. Featuring Afrojack. It started promising enough, but as soon as it really kicked into gear, I realized that it had much akin to the sound of a small child at a drum machine. Truth be told, the only good parts of this song were the bits that were obviously Afrojack's doing. Next.
This is Love (Featuring Eva Simons) is the closest this album comes to a real dance song. Sure, it would have been a boring, samey Dance song just like everything on the radio right now, but it was coherent. Then Will.i.am started rapping. He's about as rusty as rappers get, and it doesn't help that it sounds like he's not trying.
Scream and shout (feat. Britney Spears) should be familiar already, but if it isn't, let me put it in as few words as possible: Dirty Bit 2.0.
Let's Go (feat Chris Brown): I'm not a fan of Chris Brown as an artist or a person, but somehow his moderate lack of talent is overshadowed by a dance beat that is so boring, so devoid of energy and so repetitive that I actually checked to see if my CD player was skipping. It wasn't.
Gettin' dumb (feat. Al.de.ap and 2NE1): to be honest, I have entirely no idea what Will.i.am, his Old-time Black Eyed Peas cohort, or that Korean girl group were thinking. This is approaching a Look At Me Now level of bad. Repetitive production and terrible use of the guest stars make this song the most pointless yet.
Then there's Geekin'. A song that I guess tried to explore what the Black Eyed Peas would sound like now if Fergie had never joined. Still sounds the same as all the other songs. Here's the problem, once you've talked about one song in this album, you've at least in part talked about them all. They all sound painfully similar.
Freshy  feat. Juicy J.): second verse, same as the first.
#thatPower (feat. Justin Bieber): okay, at first I thought this song was going to redeem this entire album. It had an intro that wasn't too samey, not too repetitive, and had a good sense of building energy that everything else lacked. Even Justin Bieber makes a good showing. Then, it drops into the first verse, and I am not exaggerating when I say that I let my forehead fall directly onto my desk in disappointment. That will.i.am could have ruined a half-decent intro to this magnitude absolutely baffles me.
Great Times are Coming: I was just about as displeased with this album as it was humanly possible to be, when this song came on. It sounded a bit like Good Morning, and this made me think that there might just be salvation in these last few songs. I was wrong. More samey faux-club beats. You think he would have gotten bored copy-pasting beats from song to song by now.
The World is Crazy (feat. Dante Santiago): okay, this is actually quite reminiscent of old Black Eyed Peas. Not a deep song, but at least it doesn't devolve into mindless club drivel.
Fall down (feat. Miley Cyrus): see what I mean how all these songs sound the same no matter who's singing? This is really what it's coming to; I have nothing to say because I would just be repeating what I've already said.
Love Bullets (feat. skylar Grey): this is a new one. Will.i.am tries to supplement a very fake, almost reggae-sounding accent with very stiff, very not-reggae beats and lyrical flow. Overall, soulless despite the attempt to be a slower, more powerful song.
Far Away from Home (feat. Nicole Scherzinger): okay, this is a bit different. Nice chord progression, but ultimately too repetitive to be enjoyable.
Finally, we wrap up with Ghetto Ghetto feat. Baby Kaely. I was really enjoying this song, minus Baby Kaely, but there's a very, very small chance that it's just me. I Then realized that this was basically a Kanye West song without the tight production values.
In all, this album is a massive disappointment. 1/10.",4,4,"May 11, 2013"
0,"I never liked The Black Eyed Peas, or the waterfall of mainstream crap that people listen to so much these days, but will.i.am's #willpower has to be one of the reasons why our generation sucks. entirely computer generated, uninspired, and the use of stolen beats from other artists. And to put a hashtag on your album title? Sorry Will, I'm sure that one won't be trending.",3,3,"Apr 28, 2013"
0,"Genre: Who the hell knows.
I'm sorry I simply just can't fathom the level of success that will.i.am has experienced. It's virtually impossible to watch any music channel for more than ten minutes without one of his 'songs' being played and yet, as far as I'm concerned he has never released a song that's not a complete mess.
Take the single 'Bang Bang' for example in which will.i.am has 'sampled' The Charleston and then added repetitive, and terribly written lyrics, sang in some kind of strange robotic voice. Does that involve even an ounce of talent to produce? The answer to that question is of course no and that's the only word I can use to sum up my feelings for this album.",2,2,"Aug 11, 2013"
2,"I still love Will.i.am and the Peas, despite them straying from good old hip hop to electronic music, I can deal with that, and I still love them. But this album is just awful and pitiful to Will.i.am's talent",2,2,"Sep 13, 2013"
0,"absolute garbage mainstream rubbish i wouldn't recommend you buy this trash save your money buy decent music or do something good with the money this isn't worth an illegal download",2,2,"Jun 18, 2013"
0,"No h nem palavras para descrever esse lixo: will.i.am j foi bem melhor do que isso, Scream & Shout  a nica boa do lbum, e s por causa da Britney.",2,2,"Sep  6, 2014"
6,"Now here's a big debate, people here on Metacritic seem to hate will.i.am with the user overall score at 18 which is overwhelming dislike and the Metacritic score at 50 which is Lukewarm at best. Willpower (forget the  it's stupid) is will.i.am's fourth studio album after pairing up with The Black Eyed Peas for 'The Beginning' which got less than positive reviews by everyone. Willpower is not a terrible album, but it's not great either, at best I can say that it's okay. A few songs stand out, there are some great beats and sounds, and a couple of the guest appearances help make the original song better, but Willpower has problems. First off will.i.am can't sing, we all know that. But unlike certain artists like Ke$ha who use autotune but use it right, will.i.am has heavy autotune to mask any voice which just makes him sound weird. Some of the songs generally sound cool, certain songs include 'This is Love', 'Getting Dumb', and 'That Power', which is also credited to the extensive and popular list of guest appearances which include everyone from Britney Spears to Justin Bieber to even some members of The Black Eyed Peas. But only a few are noteworthy, they include 2ne1, Eva Simmons, and strangely enough Justin Bieber. Everyone else is forgettable as well as most of the songs on this album. The problem is that there's no direction or story for this album, it's just a party album with some unnecessary ballads and cliqued lyrics. And it goes on far too long with too many songs and only a few great songs.That's why Willpower is better heard in a party or club, you'll hum certain songs for a while but you'll forget about it the next day.",1,1,"May 13, 2013"
0,"One of the worst albums to ever get released onto store shelves. I advise you to stay the hell away from this hunk of garbage. It's been proven to give people ear cancer.",1,1,"Nov 20, 2014"
1,"will.i.am's '#willpower' is a total failure from start to finish. A tedious series of repetitive and unimaginative, artificial electro-pop 'bangers' complete with dreadfully overused naff autotune and vapid, uninventive lyrics. With highlights such as 'Good Morning' (which is simply the intro) and 'This is Love', suggests that the former rapper's willpower is only applied to putting out awful, samey singles and repeatedly attempting to showcase his horrific singing voice. Within this god-awful effort, 'Feelin' Myself', which features rappers French Montana and Wiz Khalifa alongside child-star-turned-harlot Miley Cyrus, deserves a mention as possibly the worst piece of alleged music of all time. An atrocious attempt a trap instrumental and the typical egotistical 'rap-god' lyricism, consisting of mentions of money and women portray these 'artists' as boasting, self-absorbed bastards with no musical aim or ability, simply hoping for a number 1.
Beginning with glitchy, Game Boy nonsense and ending with much the same, '#willpower' is one of the worst albums of 2013. Once a protg of late N.W.A. rap legend Eazy-E, will.i.am has gone down the money-grabbing pop chart route, like many others, and, as a result, has totally demolished his own credibility.
Rating: 1/10",3,4,"Aug 21, 2014"
2,"Is this a joke? Really. This album is HORRIBLE. The only good track on here is Scream & Shout and that's because it features the god Britney Jean Spears. He really needs to go back to BEP and make some music worth listening to. This sucks! 2/10.",2,4,"May 12, 2013"
0,"An album that is designed to stink of lawsuits and 5 pieces of broken property (belonging to Anjunabeats and Musical Freedom) so bad, the title doesn't need to be turned into a pun. #trancestealer FLOP!! #FLOP",1,2,"Dec 22, 2014"
4,"you can say its  bad album but there is only 3 or 4 songs that you can like the other songs just full of loud or noise the  this kind of album you should dance when you listen to it but its doesnt happen its make you feel headache",3,8,"Apr 23, 2013"
4,"Wow! People are being too harsh. I'll admit that the album is not that good, but, seriously, it's still an okay one. At least there are two tracks you can actually enjoy and dance to: 'This Is Love (featuring Eva Simons)' and 'Love Bullets (featuring Skylar Grey). And 'Gettin' Dumb (featuring 2NE1 and apl.de.ap) is nice too. Though the production is indeed a mess.",1,3,"Nov 17, 2013"
4,"With a handful of okay songs on this album, I have to say I expected more and I'm disappointed with this one.",1,4,"Apr 25, 2013"
6,"Will.I.Am  #willpower
1. Good Morning- The opening track is relaxed and a really good opening  but still only an opening track 6/10  2. Hello  With Afrojack. I really don't like this song. There is nothing special. I hate the line 'All All of my friends'  3/10... 3. This Is Love  Was a UK Nr.1 and has a beautiful chorus. I like Eva's voice. Maybe the best track on this album 9/10...  4. Scream and Shout  His most successful song ever.  I'm not the biggest fan of this song and I never dance to it. The lyrics are stupid, too 5/10... 5. Let's Go  With Chris Brown, who has very short parts. This was a good idea 'cause his is a terrible singer. Anyway, I don't like this song, too 2/10... 6. Gettin Dumb  Boring. Next song 3/10... 7. Geekin  I like the chorus but I don't like the melody 'cause it sounds like an old computer game 5/10... 8. Freshy  Look at song Nr.7 plese 5/10... 9. thatpower- With Bieber, who is a really good singer (In this song), compared to Will.I.Am. I like the Chorus, without Will.I.Am 5/10... 10. Great times are coming  There is a problem with his album. Everything sound similar and this gets boring. Sorry 3/10... 11. This World Is Crazy  Finally something different. I like the lyrics and the chorus and even Will.I.Am. 8/10... 12. Fall Down  Sounds a bit like 'Die Young' but this song makes you happy 7/10... 13. Love Bullets  Skylar Grey is a brilliant singer. The 8 Points are for her. 8/10... 14. Far Away from home  The best song on this album. I like everything. Nicole is amazing 10/10...  15. Ghetto Baby  With a small child. Sweet 6/10
5.6 points  6 Points",1,12,"Apr 23, 2013"
5,"Decent album, but he should've added more tracks than the later versions. Will.I.Am hasn't had an album since 2008, but the only songs that weren't on the album were 'Check It Out (featuring Nicki Minaj)' and last year's 'Go Home (featuring Mick Jagger).' Not all the songs were quite good on #willpower. I thought he has picked up too many song choices and a little tired on production. I still like 'Scream and Shout' with the lyrics that goes 'I wanna Scream and Shout and let it all out and scream and shout and let it out. You are now, now rockin' with Will.I.Am and 'Britney  I'm still not quite sure about the tracklist and guest appearances including Britney Spears and the overrated Chris Brown. I felt that it's kinda bit too dull and I do respect his ability to do autotune and stuff. The problem is right now, I better skip the album for a minute and try to figure this out. Bottom line is #willpower is a bigger disappointment as a fan of the Black Eyed Peas. And for me, this isn't the album I was excited for.",0,4,"Apr 28, 2013"
4,"Don't expect more from the The Voice Coach. He produced an album made for its intention and that is something we can applaud.  He also has a really cool title album... though I hate orange.",0,2,"May  6, 2013"
7,"Hey, this comment goes to all Germans: Meiner Meinung nach finde ich das Album einerseits wegen des Beats und des Rhythmus nicht schlecht, andererseits finde ich, dass will.i.am seine Arbeit in sein Album kaum geleistet hat. Er gestaltet sein neues Album nur mit Beats und Vocals, die manchmal kaum Zusammenhang ergeben. Auerdem stellt er das Album als etwas Futuristisches dar, jedoch ist es nur zum Teil gelungen.
Das erste Lied 'Good Morning' gehrt nicht zum Stil will.i.am's. Seine Tne sind so grauenvoll, mir wird davon einfach schlecht, aber die Melodie ist gut gelungen. (5/10)
'Hello' ist okay. Einerseits gefllt mir der Beat nach dem Gesang der Kinder, andererseits die Instrumentals im Refrain, denn sie klingen einfach nicht passend zu den anderen Teilen des Liedes. (4/10)
'This Is Love' mit der niederlndischen Sngerin Eva Simons ist es will.i.am gelungen, ein solchen groenartigen Song zu komponieren. Als ich das erste Mal gehrt habe, habe ich Gnsehaut bekommen. Well done! (8/10)
'It's Brintey, b**ch' kennt fast jeder auf der Welt! 'Scream & Shout' mit der Sngerin Britney Spears ist ebenfalls will.i.am gut gelungen! Jedoch strt es mich, dass will.i.am einfach die Vocals und Textstellen von den Liedern seiner Band 'Black Eyed Peas' bernommen hat. Nichtsdestotrotz finde ich den Song dieses Albums einfach unbelievable! (8/10)
Beim nchsten Song sage ich einfach: Das kommt mir bekannt vor! will.i.am covert mit dem Snger Chris Brown den Song 'Rebound' von Arts und ndert dabei noch ein paar Tne, aber der Song hat was Positives: Er passt einfach als Partyhit! (6/10)
'Gettin' Dumb' besteht aus ein paar guten Partybeats, schlechten Rapversen und Klaviervocal von will.i.am. Ich bin etwas von diesem Song enttuscht. (4/10)
Anfangs erinnern mich die Tne von 'Geekin'' an das alte Spiel der 90er: Tetris. Vor allem die Raps von will.i.am passen nicht zum Rhythmus des Songs. Dennoch passt der Song fr Straenkinder. (5/10)
Weiter geht es mit einem weiteren schlechten Song 'Freshy' mit Juicy J. Ich hre auch gerne Rapsongs an, aber ihm ist es einfach nicht gelungen. Einfach miserabel! (2/10)
Jetzt gibt es einen pltzlichen Wechsel von schlechten Rapversen zu weiteren Partyhits. '#thatPower' mit Justin Bieber ist einfach unglaublich gut! Die Meisten hassen den 19-Jhrigen, aber die Zeit ist vorbei! Ich bin zwar kein groer Fan von Justin, aber er hat  mit will.i.am einen groen Respekt verdient! Das Musikvideo ist hingegen misslungen geworden! (8/10)
Jetzt mal im Ernst. Ich schlage will.i.am vor, dass er seine hohen Vocals einfach aufgeben sollte. In 'Great Times Are Coming' passt es einfach nichts dort zusammen. Erst hohe Tne, dann einfach auf Rapversen umsteigen  it doesn't make sence! will.i.am: Lass diesen Mist weg! (3/10)
'The World Is Crazy' erinnert mich an die 90er-Jahre. Es ist dasselbe Problem wie beim vorherigen Lied. Das passt eifnach nicht zusammen!! Es klingt dann grauenvoll! (5/10)
'Fall Down' mit Miley Cyrus ist es will.i.am gelungen, ebenfalls einen guten Song zu kreieren. Die Samples im spteren Refrain erinnern mich an die von 'This Is Love' mit Eva Simons. Aber einfach spitze geworden! (8/10)
Zu 'Love Bullets' mit Skylar Grey und 'Far Away From Home' mit Nicole Scherzinger fllen mir einfach die Worte! Meiner Meinung nach sind sie einfach sowohl schlecht komponiert als auch vom Text sinnlos  vorgesungen worde. Beide Lieder verdienen 2/10.
Sein letzter Song seines Albums 'Ghetto Ghetto' mit Baby Kaely ist sowohl mit der Baby-Stimme als auch mit den Rapversen gut gelungen! Dieser Song beschreibt vermutlich die Situation von Kindern, die in Ghettos unter Bildungsmangel und familiren Situationen ('Little missy wanna grow to be a model/
While the momma at home just drinking out the bottle) leiden. Auerdem legt will.i.am den Song mit Klaviertnen und 'DJ-Break'-Samples drauf, um die Interpretation vertiefen zu lassen. (8/10)
Allgemein kann ich nur sagen:
Einerseits sind Lieder im Album mit positiven, andererseits mit negativen Kommentaren zu werten. 'This Is Love', 'Scream and Shout' und '#thatPOWER' sind bis jetzt die erfolgreichsten Songs diesen Albums. Man hat hier erkannt, dass will.i.am in den Versen versucht einen gereimten Rap zu reprsentieren, welche oft gelingen. Was mich allgemein strt, ist, dass will.i.am immer versucht hohe Tne zu singen  die aber scheitern!
Mich irritiert es, dass ein Song hier nicht vorhanden ist: 'T.H.E. (The Hardest Ever)' mit Jennifer Lopez und Mick Jagger. Dieser Song schaffte es will.i.am's kleinen Durchbruch. Aber es hat wahrscheinlich nicht mehr auf die CD gepasst.
All in one: This album is not bad, but not good. Some songs are unbelievably good  like 'thatPOWER', 'Ghetto Ghetto' or 'This Is Love'  but the others are so bad that you can only 'scream'.",0,6,"Apr 27, 2013"
8,"The World Is Crazy (feat. Dante Santiago) not only sounds great but is well written and serves it's point in this crazy modern world we live in and takes us off the dance floor while still being a Dance/Pop track it's kinda hard to feel like dancing when reminded of babies thrown in dumpsters, dirty politicians and guns in the classrooms. This track has been added to many of my rotations and is probably 1 of 2  tracks I'll still listen to 5 years from now. #thatPOWER (feat. Justin Bieber) starts off what one would expect from a Daft Punk album and makes you think Harder,Better,Faster Stronger! It's great for the dance floor but will be long forgotten in years to come unless your a die hard Bieber fan and the same is said for Scream & Shout (feat. Britney Spears) which will only be remembered by die hard Britney fans! Ghetto Ghetto (feat. Baby Kaely) makes you think back to Jay-Z's Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem) and serves the same purpose and is the other track I may still listen 2 in 5 years time and has been added to many of my rotations. Fall Down (feat. Miley Cyrus) picks you up at the start of your day with it's catchy sounds and simply put's you in a good mood but sounds more like bubllegum music one would expect from Aqua or The Venga Boys  with it's cheesy lyrics comparing someone to an elevator. Let's Go (feat. Chris Brown) is just too busy for my likings and feels like I'm trying to listen to a song but the neighbors are blaring their rave music over it and the 2 are fighting to be heard and the same can be said about Freshy (feat. Juicy J). These are too examples where less would be more! Gettin' Dumb (feat. apl.de.ap & 2NE1) is another busy track but is more harmonious with it's techno beats and is catchy and fits into rotation with David Guetta and Far East Movement. Hello is a feel good summer track that will more likely get played at Graduations for years to come. Geekin fits right into my rap rotation and great for radio and clubs. Bang Bang sounds like a musical track blended with a club beats and I can picture a black and white music video to go with it. Although it works on many levels it's not a track I'd listen to on rotation. Far Away From Home is another that works on many levels but lacks wow factor to be on rotation but is a nice little filler that is still appreciated. This Is Love (feat. Eva Simons) is a decent track but I'm over it. Great Times Are Coming, Reach For The Stars and Love Bullets are decent  tracks but missing that wow factor to be great. Smile Mona Lisa is a big bore and I don't even know what to call it.   Best Tracks: The World Is Crazy (feat. Dante Santiago), Geekin', and Ghetto Ghetto (feat. Baby Kaely) ....Hot Club Tracks: Scream & Shout (feat. Britney Spears), #thatPOWER (feat. Justin Bieber), This Is Love (feat. Eva Simons) and Gettin' Dumb (feat. apl.de.ap & 2NE1) and the Utter Garbage: Let's Go (feat. Chris Brown) and Smile Mona Lisa.",0,2,"May 24, 2013"
8,"This album doesn't get the credit it deserves. Stand out songs such as 'Far Away from Home' and 'Gettin' Dumb' really do set this album apart from other dance albums. Not every track is great, however, when you get an album that makes you dance, what more can you expect.",0,2,"Jul 29, 2013"
5,"After all these delays it seemed like will.i.am was going to create something interesting, but it eventually turned out to be a big disappointment. Almost every track is filled with awful auto-tune and shallow lyrics with a few expections like 'The World Is Crazy' or 'Ghetto Ghetto' (although the earlier still contains auto-tune). Some tracks have interesting instrumentals ('Good Morning', 'Geekin', 'Gettin' Dumb', 'Fall Down') but some are very predictable and repetitive ('Scream & Shout', 'Let's Go', '#thatPOWER'). Overall, #willpower it's not bad album but it's also not good to listen to it for longer period of time.",0,2,"Oct  3, 2013"
8,"I just joined metacritic and this is the first cd I wanted to review becase I am so sad that it is so underrated.  I am a 45 year old white male and I just joined Rhapsody this past year and there are so many new cd's I love and this is one of them  I give it an 8 out of 10.  It is one of my favorite cd's of this past year and one of my go-to gym cd's.  Rhapsody has me excited about music again.  This cd has so many songs, enough for two cd's and I think most of them are so high energy and fun and I also enjoy the raegae feel of some of the tracks  I sincerely think so many people have been so hard on will.i.am with this cd or they have not given this cd enough of a listen.",0,2,"Nov 11, 2013"
0,"Ha you call this an album just collaborating with the 'talented' Justin Bieber (which he certainly isn't) just gave this album a 0 without a doubt. This Is Love and Scream and Shout also contributed massively to isn't 0 score.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
4,"This album would have been better if will.i.am made more use of his talent that has been shown over the years with The Black Eyed Peas pre-E.N.D. Instead of will.i.am's rapping skills being shown with good lyricism and his production skills being showed with good production, he is now changing to a more common subject matter, as well as what may seem to be interesting production - but it was stolen. Overall I'd have to say that this album was more about its samples (or, to put it more precisely, copies) of other songs than it was about will.i.am himself. There were a few highlights but overall this is an extremely disappointing effort that was probably one of the worst of 2013. Grade: C-. 'Gettin' Dumb', 'Reach for the Stars', 'Great Times Are Coming' (sounds exactly like The Beatles' 'Let It Be' but other than that it's good). Worst songs: 'Let's Go', '#thatPOWER', 'Smile Mona Lisa' (seriously???)",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
0,"Here is a prime example of an 'artist' so unbelievably far up his own arse (his stage name is will.I.AM. for heaven's sake). There is no creativity in what he does; it's a cynical, terribly written, overproduced, excessively autotuned drivel-fest. The lyrics make no sense and are often aped from better songs (Scream and Shout being a good example of this).
It really is a wonder that anybody can take this guy seriously. He is the Michael Bay of music; what he puts out is of extremely low quality but simultaneously manages to push all the right buttons so that the masses buy into it anyway. This commercial success has deluded him into thinking that this kind of music makes him a talented artist. The fact that he is a coach on the VOICE UK just about says it all. Like he has the right to judge anybody based on their musical talent. It doesn't matter how 'cool' he comes off as publically. He's in it for the pay-cheque and nothing but the pay-cheque.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
9,"First off, I never heard of Charli XCX, I saw that she was releasing a album on iTunes and I was curious to see what the young woman could give me. Now some people may know who XCX is as she has been doing mix tapes and EP's ever since her late teens, now in her early twenties, she is now ready to show off her talent to the mainstream. And I'm happy to report that at first you'll feel guilty, 'True Romance' offers many great songs for the rest of the year with unique synth beats and amazing production making XCX's debut one of the best I've heard this year. The songwriting is excellent with Relatable lyrics about the youth, love, and the problems we face. It also helps thanks to XCX's vocals which she perfectly hits the tone the album is going for as it sounds dream like while also sound real enough. The best thing about 'True Romance' is that it makes Synth pop sound cool again by not making it so mainstream. XCX use's beats, sounds, and Rhythms that sound like Pop back in the Late '80s or early '90s. It's also tightly paced and for some listeners you may get sucked into the world that XCX has created here. There are very few problems, but If I had to say some, I would have to say that it gets a little repetitive towards the end with all the sounds being heard many times you might get bored as the album's style isn't always consistent. Also like I said at the beginning not too many people will be drawn into 'True Romance' as personally it isn't meant for my demographic, but I'm glad i was curious to listen to this. Charli XCX has a great future ahead of her with 'True Romance' being her debut album, with Great Vocals, Interesting Social Messages, and just amazing music. To speak to all the people out there, this is a pop album you'll actually enjoy.",3,3,"Aug 30, 2013"
9,"A lot of hype, for me, going into this...
I've been waiting well over a year now for this album, and I was sure that there was no way it was going to live up to the hype that I had built up for it in myself.
Am I disappointed that I already knew 5 songs on it? Maybe a little bit, but it would have only mattered if the other 8 songs weren't worthwhile, but they WERE.
She's a wonderful mixture of the persona of Ke$ha, the lyrics of Lily Allen and the music of Purity Ring.  I really couldn't ask for more.
Of the songs we already had, 'Nuclear Seasons' is certainly her best song.  It may still be the best thing she's ever done, but wow, 'Lock You Up' is a killer little 80s number.  I can't say no to that.  Other tracks worth note: 'You (Ha Ha Ha), 'Stay Away', What I Like, and 'You're the One'
In short, it's going to take a lot for her to ever do anything wrong in my eyes, every single thing she's released (officially...the mix tapes are another story) has been at least a 7 or higher for me (on a 10 point scale).  In total, the album is certainly an easy 4.5
Proud of her, it's great to see others enjoying her music as well.  You follow an artist who hasn't released anything yet, and you have to get a little nervous, wondering how other people are going to feel as well, with little to see reactions in the meanwhile (certainly not saying I'm the only one who was aware of her before now, not at all).  So, this is a great day in music for me!",3,3,"Apr 17, 2013"
9,"This album is extremely personal, and I really appreciate her artistic direction. The beats are amazing, her voice is great, and even though a song or two falls short, it's hard to even notice them because this is one of the best albums I've heard this year.",2,2,"Apr 23, 2013"
7,"Charli XCX eventually received mainstream audience's attention with her collaborations on Swedish electro queens Icona Pop's 2012 sleeper hit 'I Love It' and Australian rapper Iggy Azalea's currently inescapable, 7-week number-one 'Fancy'. But the Brit diva's 2013 debut studio album True Romance -- it's technically her second studio album, considering her 2008 one never saw an official release -- has to be the destination to visit if anybody's ever curious as to what she's capable of.
The deliciously dark Eurythmics inspired opener 'Nuclear Seasons', which includes haunting vocal layers later found on 'Grins', already allows the listener to take off their chains held down by expectations of any electropop album sang by somebody so unapologetically youthful as Charlie XCX and explore the album on their own terms. The combination of Myspace era emo, sappy songwriting ('Why you gotta go to sleep/Don't go to sleep/Let's go out'), and indietronica with a touch of darkwave and witch house might mislead skeptics into believing it's all about fun, games, and love, and guess what? It is. But it's the kind of self-conscious silliness that mainstream pop should be about. The sincerity in her sassy, party girl attitude certainly combats that of Kesha and her Dr. Luke produced safety sass.",2,2,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"increble album, usando elementos del hip-hop en cada cancion, las canciones oscuras le quedan muy bien. mi favorita YOU'RE THE ONE, WHAT I LIKE, LOCK YOU UP... el mejor lbum del 2013",1,1,"Dec 13, 2014"
7,"A fun debut album from Charli XCX that features some amazing bangers but unfortunately seems to have been stuck in release date limbo a bit too long and rather than being cutting edge comes across slightly dated.",1,1,"May 12, 2014"
7,"This is a very good album, from its amazing imagery provoking lyrics and electronic drums to its catchy and memorable yet unique melodies. However while some of the tracks are quite boring, the ones that are good are so good you will not forget them.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2013"
10,"This is probably my favourite album of all time. It's just so fresh, original and good. Tracks like Grins, So Far Away, Take My Hand and many more are just masterpieces!",1,1,"Sep 20, 2014"
10,"An AMAZING array of synth-pop and electronica. This album is one of the most underrated of 2013, songs like 'So Far Away' and 'You (Ha Ha Ha)' show what a diverse artist Charli is. True Romance is the perfect example of love's many sides. Each song tells a story, and each song has it's own unique sound - whether it's the ear-filling beat of 'You (Ha Ha Ha)', or the hip-hop influences of the Brooke Candy assisted 'Cloud Aura'. Charli solidifies her vocal and instrumental talent with True Romance. This album is a MUST-Listen.",1,1,"Dec 11, 2014"
8,"Track by track review:
1. Nuclear Seasons 10/10
2. You (Ha Ha Ha) 10/10
3. Take My Hand 9/10
4. Stay Away 6/10
5. Set Me Free 9/10
6. Grins 8/10
7. So Far Away 7/10
8. Cloud Aura 10/10
9. What I Like 10/10
10. Black Roses 7.5/10
11. You're the One 8/10
12. How Can I 9.5/10
13. Lock You Up 7.5/10
Highlights: You (Ha Ha Ha), What I Like, Cloud Aura, Nuclear Seasons, How Can I.
Potential singles: You're the One, Cloud Aura, Nuclear Seasons, You (Ha Ha Ha), What I Like.",1,1,"Mar 16, 2015"
10,"One of the better albums I've ever heard!
Charli loving every day more
Melhores msicas ''Set Me Free'' ''What I Like'' ''Cloud Aura (feat. Brooke Candy)'' and ''Stay Away''",1,1,"Jun 14, 2015"
9,"God! This is amazing. I like all the songs in this album and sounds here are VERY different to Sucker, here she doesn't look mainstream. Nuclear Season, Take My Hand, Stay Away are heaven :D",1,1,"Sep 15, 2015"
9,"Melhores msicas: Nuclear Seasons, You (Ha Ha Ha), Stay Away, You're The One, What I Like, Cloud Aura
................................................................................................................................",1,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Okay. This is what I call an album. The songs are amazing, I love all of them, especially Take My Hand, Nuclear Seasons and Cloud Aura. I will play Take My Hand on my wedding, for sure.",7,8,"Aug 28, 2014"
10,"This album is a MASTERPIECE. Usually when artists release their debut projects, they seem very flawed. But Charli has broken that barrier because this album is STUNNING - vocally & musically. The production is flawless, along with the mysteriously intriguing songwriting. This album is a must-have for ANY music taste, the synthpop, bubblegum pop, and even hip-hop influences lace the album together so well.",4,5,"Dec 12, 2014"
10,"Charli XCX is one of the best people ever. Her music is very amazing. I didn't know what to expect and wasn't sure if it was going to be good, but it was AMAZING. This is really her type of music. I can't think of any other type of music that she could sing except for this. It's really amazing. I adore You (Ha Ha Ha). I hope she makes more music because she is amazing!",4,6,"May 12, 2013"
6,"I don't think that this album isn't so good how people are talkin' outside. Charli XCX has a beautiful voice, but a trash production... So many beats and effects that made me crazy and got me a headache.",1,2,"Jul 18, 2014"
7,"Great debut album, I can't believe that this is the same person that made SUCKER one year later, I love both albums and they're completely different. I think the best song is Nuclear Seasons.",1,3,"Aug 28, 2015"
5,"Didn't know quite what to expect from this album and was pleasantly surprised. There's quite a mixture of different types of electronica. From the kooky Nuclear Seasons and Set Me Free to the laid back What I Like and the 80's influenced Lock You Up, there's something here for every type of electronic fan. Charli has a lot of talent and control over her work for one so young, she just needs to push it that bit further.",0,1,"Apr 23, 2013"
9,"Charli XCX comes across to me like this sassy girl from high school jamming out and making music in her bedroom, but the crazy thing is that she's actually REALLY good. For someone so young to have such confidence and be able to establish a distinct style on a debut album is really impressive. True Romance is a killer album, and I can easily listen to the whole thing without skipping any songs. It has a great flow to it and it's incredibly cohesive too. The production is fantastic also. Love love love.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2015"
7,"7.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"10. As the title of the album says, this album is perfect. As an old New Kids On The Block fan, I'm very pleased that they're back for good (no pun intended), and that The Block wasn't just a one and done thing. This album has a lot of good tracks, but my favourite is We Own Tonight. And it's not a 90s remix, no, it sounds so current, that some of my 11 year old pupils ask me for the artists, because they liked it a lot and they didn't know them.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2013"
9,"This is great album from NKOTB. '10' feels unequivocally and undeniably 'new'. Their music so different from before. If you think their song like 90's song then you are wrong! This album absolutely perfect. I love all the song on 10. In this album, Jonathan Knight, one of the member, answer the critics that he really can sing. Great Job Man!!",0,0,"Apr  5, 2013"
4,"LOL, this is pretty much complete trash. What were they thinking? Bad. I used to like NKOTB. But ever since NKOTBSBMFJWQFGHGS or whatever it was called came, they have been not so hot. Mixed reception though, because they have 2/3 decent tracks.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
9,"Thought this album is more targeted at the longtime fans than the current mainstream market, these songs contain the best sounds that the New Kids ever achieved.",0,0,"May  4, 2014"
9,"Honestly, I wasn't expecting any good stuff from them when I first heard their single 'If I Lose Myself'. Not because that song isn't good or something but only because they can do better, they are known for much broader view of pop rock genre and they provide the mainstream with fresh sound just like their previous records did. I like Native more than I liked Waking Up. It's better in every possible way. Ryan Tedder is a genius when it comes to melodies, compositions and musical arrangements. Of course, there are average songs, too, but when you listen to great ones, you will be blown away. The drum beat in 'Can't Stop' is just marvelous, that song has so much power! The best songs are: Can't Stop; Au Revoir; Counting Stars, I lived; Burning Bridges Something's Gotta Give; Life in Color... oh, what the hell, listen to the whole record! I am proud to admit that OneRepublic is one of my top favorite bands, they make music that gives you a strong feeling, takes you to another level.",2,3,"Mar 27, 2013"
3,"'Native' is the same from beginning to end, all the songs seems the same, and the singer is the most normal thing you can imagine, you find someone equal without even looking, and better too.",2,3,"Dec 19, 2013"
10,"Honestly, this is one of the very few albums that I've ever given a full 10/10 score, it's just even better than expected! The music is colorful, the vocals are amazing, the melodies seem to lift you up from the ground. Literally one of the best and most uplifting albums to ever grace my ears.",1,2,"Mar 27, 2013"
8,"With Native, OneRepublic seem to have finally come to the realisation that Tedder's hip-hop influences come across significantly stronger when the music surrounding it takes a synthetic turn. In the past where cellos stood atop hip-hop beats, there now sits a polished synthesiser. It's moves like this that allow bands like OneRepublic to not necessarily change their sound, but simply increase their range as a band. They still can't quite seem to shake off the Coldplay tag (songs such as 'Preacher' don't do them many favours in this respect) and here, Native sees them reacting well to a current trend, rather than setting one themselves. But it appears that OneRepublic have finally found their stronger sound thanks to a clever idea to bring in outsiders to help with the writing process.",0,1,"Mar 27, 2013"
7,"*UPDATED REVIEW* OneRepublic's Native is a decent third album that gets better and better with every revisit. This album takes a different musical direction from their previous albums into a new and colourful sound. Though unfortunately some songs are weaker than others and that affects the album, the best songs being 'Feel Again', 'If I Lose Myself', 'Can't Stop', 'Counting Stars', 'Preacher', 'Life in Colour', 'Burning Bridges' and 'Au Revoir'. Overall, it is a good album with some moments that aren't as pleasurable as others.",0,1,"May 30, 2013"
9,"OneRepublic has done it again! Native is stacked with terrific songs, great production and lyrics filled with gravitas. The boys really hit their stride from tracks 2 through to 10, never missing a beat. It's hard to choose just a few but if forced the standout track are; Burning Bridges, If I lose Myself and Can't Stop. Any fan of OneRepublic's previous efforts with thoroughly enjoy this new album as well.",0,1,"Mar 29, 2013"
8,"All the positive traits you've come to expect from OneRepublic & more remain here.  The first taste of the album we got (in mid 2012 before it even had a name) was lead single Feel Again, which has a building & repetitive (in a good way) structure in an almost Mr. Brightside-like way of repeating a word-packed verse twice over the course of the song, that really works well at putting across the uplifting meaning of the song, which is also solidified through the oft-repeated short refrain Im feelin better since you know me  I was a lonely soul but thats the old me.  The next single (and currently the newest) If I Lose Myself is a synth-laden track (and the closest OneRepublic has ever gotten to a dance song) about wanting to be with loved ones during times of danger.  Theres also a lot of highlights to be found within the deep cuts, showing that this band can capable of more than just a few singles per album with a bunch of filler around it.  One especially notable track is Cant Stop, easily OneRepublics most soulful song to date.  It combines pounding drums, a thin layer of reverb & sparse piano, and a very passionate vocal delivery from Ryan Tedder that (saying this with full self-awareness of how ridiculous it may sound) reminds me a lot of Frank Oceans channel ORANGE.  It seems like lately OneRepublic has aimed to put one fuzz-filled riff-rocker on every album.  On Waking Up it was Everybody Loves Me, and on Native its Light It Up, complete with slightly distorted vocals & a rousing AAAAAAAAAH refrain.  A few tracks incorporate gospel-style vocals into the mix but the track that does it both the most & the best is penultimate track Preacher.  Even though the members of OneRepublic are Christian, this is the only song of theirs (as far as I know) to have a blatantly religiously-themed message.  It tells tales of Tedder as a kid with his grandfather, the titular preacher, and how he maintained his faith through hard times while also teaching some words of wisdom.  Songs with similar messages of struggle include opening track Counting Stars, which has a great fast-paced cadence to it in the verses, and I Lived, meant to be a message to persevere through times of adversity & not be afraid of taking a few risks.  And the great thing is that none of these oft-covered topics feel phoned-in or corny, but instead feel genuine & have a good amount of personality, both lyrically & musically.  However, thats not to say Native is without its less than impressive tracks.  Three that come to mind are the pretty but unmemorable Au Revoir, the unintentionally psychotic & masochistic lyrics of What You Wanted, and the just plain bad-sounding bonus track Somethings Gotta Give.  Still, besides those choice gripes this is still a very well-written & enjoyable pop-rock album, and Im even more a fan of them now than I was a few years ago.
Top 5 tracks: Feel Again, Preacher, Counting Stars, Cant Stop, If I Lose Myself
Score: 82/100",0,1,"Apr 26, 2013"
9,"I was a huge fan of the second album and wanted more of that. But the fact is you don't. But saying that this album is layered beautifully. And the vocals are full of emotion and soul. And that is what makes onerepublic's new album so great. It drives you to emotionally attach yourself to every single song",0,1,"Apr 26, 2013"
8,"i didnt listen to rock album like native lomg time ago its energetic deep and brilliant album onerepublic gives us something deserve to be one of the best music in 2013",0,1,"Mar 28, 2013"
8,"We've been waiting for a long time, but they're finally back, and OneRepublic has not disappointed. After listening to their singles, I was worried from listening to their singles that they drifted too far from their roots, but they still have their unique touch. Ryan Tedder's lyrics may not be as deep, but he's still has an amazing voice. The album has a faster style to it overall, but the music still gives that cinematic feeling OneRepublic has been known for. If you've been a fan so far, I'm sure you'll be satisfied with what these guys have to give here.    Best Tracks: Counting Stars, I Lived, Au Revoir, Preacher, If I Lose Myself (Acoustic)",0,1,"Mar 26, 2013"
7,"I was truly disappointed at the first place, as I, being a huge fan of 'em, didn't want them too join the crowd. Firstly, why so much computer when you have genius musicians around? Why so much auto-tune in Tedder's original voice? I mean, Justin Bieber would auto-tune, Nicki Minaj would auto-tune, but why on this mighty planet Ryan Tedder would auto-tune? It was really heartbreaking how they placed thoughtless party tracks on the top of the tracklist and screaming 'upbeat' on the media!
But, however, I started to love some tracks when I listened again. And I found this was 'Native' all about. Being wild...! They've dreamt, and woken up. Now its the time for them to celebrate the life! So, there was the third album, with the anthems of life! Then the little issues faded away. Tracks like 'Au Revoir', 'Preacher', 'Burning Bridges', 'Can't Stop' and 'Life in Color' gave the profound sense of relief that the band was still from the same genre 'Unique Music'.
Anyway, one objection still remained, they could have recorded the acoustic tracks differently. I found the vocals were same, just mixed with new instruments. However, 'What You wanted' and 'Burning Bridges' still sounded better when played with the acoustics.
Overall, its obviously 'generally favorable', as they say. So, if you buy a record, you won't be fully disappointed. My promise. You just may have to listen to it more than once!",0,1,"Apr 19, 2013"
10,"Their best album so far! Each song is amazing and different. Tedder's voice is better than ever, first time I heard him singing falsetto for the whole song. They wrote lyrics for most of the songs together,  so they all worked on this album very hard and you definitely can see that.",0,1,"May  2, 2013"
6,"It's not really all that. It's a nice album, but the only good tracks are the 1st 3 singles, Feel Again, If I Lose Myself and Counting Stars. I listened to the album just because of the 1st 2 singles power on me. This album wasn't that good, but if you wanna hear it, have fun!",0,1,"May 12, 2013"
10,"amazing  amazing album  .can stop listning !love them so much  'feel again 'inspire me!Tracks such as 'Au Revoir' and 'I lived' weave lyrical expression that is thoughtful and enjoyable",0,1,"Jul  2, 2013"
9,"Even though this album does not beat their old ones, the songs are catchy, different, and striky. Listen to it!!!! The songs are beautiful. Onerepublic is so underrated!",0,1,"Aug 11, 2013"
8,"This album just screams eargasm in all directions. listen to if i lose myself, fast forward to 1:30 turn on headphones with max volume it will blow you away. and i also have to mention counting stars, feel again, what you wanted, au revoir, something gotta give and life in color. also that dude can freaking SING man and the instrumentation is really cool aswell! a strong 8!!!",0,1,"Sep 22, 2013"
10,"I usually get bored of songs very fast, but in this case I listen like a psycho, over and over again to this album. The songs don't sound at all  like 'Diamonds' or 'Dog days are over' and I know because I am a musician too. My favourite songs are: 'Can't stop', 'I lived' and 'Burning bridges'. Amazing album and Ryan Tedder does a hell of a job!",0,1,"Sep  7, 2013"
10,"I find it really difficult to come to terms with poor 'critic' reviews on music. Music, like most things, is about finding appeal with an audience; and OneRepublic has aced that. Taking a twist on what made Waking Up such a hit, Native shines as having astoundingly well built songs that combine Tedder's unique voice with moving drum beats and catchy synth weaving. In terms of entertainment value, Native is one of the best albums of the genre to come out in a while.",0,1,"Oct 21, 2013"
9,"As much as I love this album, I'm surprised at the success it has attained and likely will attain. I'm sure Counting Stars won't be the last major song off this album. Or at least I hope...",0,1,"Dec 30, 2013"
10,"Love this cd  new reviewer reviewing my favorite cd's of 2013  live in las vegas on the edge of the valley and counting stars had me hooked from the first track, during the hot summer nights, counting stars in the back yard  the whole album is heart-felt, intense, dramatic and lovely.  Love this cd!",0,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"I'm reviewing the regular version and not the deluxe.
Counting Stars (9) This is a great track to open their album, it's upbeat and lively. I think that this album is better than their last album even though they do have some great tracks on the last one as well. The clapping element in the background is good I think and I'm glad I don't have the clapper. On that note, I do lose a little sleep when It's cold out in Ohio since I don't like signing leases or anything for that matter.
If I Lose Myself (9.25) This is one of my favorite songs on the album. It just really correlates with the whole message it is sharing with the listener. The whole harmonic tone the chorus puts off is really great as well as the electronica sounding guitar/sound whatever it might be. The music video as well is very positive and upbeat and when it comes to art, everything is tied to my scores.
Feel Again (9.25) This song is also amazing and the effects in the music video really are awesome as well. The lyrics are my favorite part of the song because I can connect with them and they are very heartwarming. The little guitar near the end of the song really adds a nice element. I can see why OneRepublic chose this song as one of their singles.
What You Wanted (9) The most powerful part of this song is most certainly the chorus with the use of electronica. The piece has a very soothing tone and it really shows the artistic ability of OneRepublic. The guitar piece at the end is really good as well.
I Lived (8.5) This song has a great acoustic sound, but it is most certainly for women in the beginning. The chorus is very powerful and the message is very lively and gay as in happy. The melodic chant in the middle end is really great.
Light It Up (8) The guitar riff in the beginning reminds me kind of of Zeppelin. The filter OneRepublic uses on the vocals is really cool too. The chorus is catchy as well and gives the song a good tone. When the song picks up is near the middle end when OneRepublic incorporates the use of electronica in the piece.
Can't Stop (9) The beat in the beginning gives this track a great melodic beat that could be semi associated with hip hop. The vocals really give the song a really dynamic sound and make it stand out to me. The Piano element later in the song is really great as well, along with the drumming in the end.
Au Revoir (9.25) This piece is really beautiful on how it incorporates Strings and Piano well. When the electronica is incorporated later, it really helps the song build especially when the percussion kicks in. The pace of the song and how it changes really help me enforce the score I gave the song.
Burning Bridges (9.25) This song is another one of my favorites on the album. It's mostly because of the power chorus with my favorite line being 'you set me on fire.' The percussion is great in this piece is great as well and the positive message that is reinforced within the tone. #TheHungerGames
Something I Need (8.5) This track has some what off an upbeat jazzy beat (I hope that is the right classification lol). The song really picks up later and the looping chorus is really melodic and when it eventually changes to a different lyric base and proceeds to go back to the looping with more instrumental power, it really adds a good element to the song.
Preacher (9.25) This is probably my favorite track on the album by far because it reinforces the whole idea of taking the initiative and it talks about scars as well as the deVil (read it right to left and V's are arrows, especially if your a United States Marine). I guess I make the analogy with the whole grandfather part because of how I look at everyone who is my elder as a teacher in some sort of way. I also think the 'million miles from a million dollars' line is really great because A-list Celebs that are millionaires have to0 worry about getting robbed, beat up, or shot when they go into some areas.
Don't Look Down (9) This is a great track to end the standard edition of the album in a very peaceful sense kind of like Angels And Airwaves piece called Diary they lead off their Stomping The Phantom Brake Pedal album with.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2014"
6,"First time I listened it I was so disappointed because first two singles (Feel Again and If I Lose Myself) led me in very different direction from what album turned out.
Album's opener, Counting Stars, is amazing - rich in sound, catchy, fierce, grandiose gospel. Makes you stand up and dance instantly. It is no wonder it was a summer hit. It was inevitable. Second and third If I Lose Myself and Feel Again, are on same trace, and then goes what seems weak spot(s) of the album. But in fact it is due to energy exhausted in first three songs. I Lived is little spark in that cohesion. I'm saying cohesion because if you don't pay attention to it you may miss really great songs like Can't Stop, Au Revoir (Apologize can be found in traces) or Preacher.
The thing is - songs on this album have probably wittiest, most well written lyrics I have heard in a while. With a storyline, no pathetic verses, clich rhyming etc. and they can be found outside of hits. They are just overshadowed by the first three songs. This songs are not catchy, far away from hit, and can't even be remixed, like they don't belong here... It seams like OneRepublic had enough songs for two albums but decided to put them in just one. I think it would be better if they made double album -- first one with hits and second with this hidden treasures and acoustic version (some of them can be found on the Deluxe edition). This way album for some inpatient listener has taste of mediocrity, which is far away from what album really is.
Some other notes about this album include two question. First one being: where is one of the OneRepublic's sound trademarks - cello? Because acoustic version with the more prominent cello of If I Lose Myself is better than the one from original album. And second, why Burning Bridges was not released in December? It would fit great in Christmas time!",0,0,"Apr 17, 2014"
4,"I love Counting Stars and was hoping the rest of the album would be just as good.
I was wrong.
This is complete crap. It was actually painful to get through this album. OneRepublic is like a slightly less incompetent version of Maroon 5, but that's honestly not saying much. Ryan Tedder writes some good songs for other people, but it seems like he mostly caters to the lowest common denominator, using tired old chord progressions and annoying hooks. Not to mention, most of this album is really sappy, which is odd considering the wild animals on the album cover.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"I'm not usually particularly interested in this genre but this album truly blew my mind. It's an instant classic with each track insanely catchy. Do yourself a favour and check it out. I give you my personal guarantee you'll love it. :P",1,1,"Apr 13, 2013"
9,"This was a fantastic album that I hope more people find and enjoy.  If James Hunter were Amy Winehouse, this could have been her next great album (minus the profanity)  the music is strikingly similar, like a great Motown album.  Probably go down as one of the great albums of 2013 that nobody heard.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2013"
0,"I expected more originality.  I personally feel disconnected to all most all of the songs. Maynard has been working on this record for along time and I expected better songs.",1,5,"Jan 28, 2013"
6,"Com batidas agitadas e grandes parcerias Contrast chegou para concorrer com Belive do astro Teen Justin Bieber, como  o primeiro lbum de Conor Maynard no podia se pedir mais do que ele fez.
Mas tecnicamente  um CD mas comercial e talvez isso tire um pouco o brilho do prprio cantor, que vocalmente tem muitas chances de crescer no meio msical. Destaque para: Animal, Better Than You (feat. Rita Ora) e Can't Say No.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2013"
9,"Bruno Mars - Unorthodox Juxebox:
1. Young Girls: Amazing start. 10/10! 2. Locked Out Of Heaven: The first single. Fast and danceable: 10/10! 3.Gorilla: I love the drums on this song 9/10! 4.Treasure: Disco-Feeling! 8/10! 5.Moonshine: I don't like this song so much. Sorry 5/10! 6.When I Was Your Man: Amazing ballad! 10/10! 7.Natalie: And the next  wonderful song 10/10. 8. Show Me: Reggae!! 9/10
9.Money Make Her Smile: Not my favorite song. It sounds like Lady Gaga 4/10
10: If I Knew: Final Highlight 10/10
--> 8.5 points = 9 points. Nice work!",5,5,"Dec 13, 2012"
10,"Bruno Mars does no wrong!!! , Once again Bruno Mars succeeds to go above and beyond and make an outstanding album!! This is even better than his first album ( and that is tough title to beat!! ) but he did it, Im amazed!!",3,3,"Dec 13, 2012"
8,"I wish everyone would stop giving reviews that are 10s and 1s, very few things are either perfect or abysmal. The numbers 2-9 do exist. I digress.
The album is certainly different, and unique, not what his first album was, and that probably has to do with having more control over what he can and can't sing about. Locked Out of Heaven is the obvious hit, but other songs like Moonshine, When I was Your Man and Natalie are all just as good, and potential hits. It's a really good sophomore album. Where others have failed, Bruno Mars has succeeded.",2,2,"Dec 12, 2012"
10,"An unbelievable Sophomore album.
Sophomore Struggle? Forget about it. This is a quality, cohesive album that is very clearly inspired by the generations before Mr Mars, and it's not a bad thing in any sense of the word. The album is not as poppy as the first album, but I feel he has risked relevancy in pop to create a true piece of art. Even the most uptempo songs on the album aren't very fast. It's a sharp departure from his previous work but still has the Bruno signature sounds.
I wasn't a massive fan of his when he released 'Doo Wops and Hooligans' but I appreciated the album and liked the singles he released. This album has absolutely blown me away, though. There are no obvious singles on the album, for me, but I'd prefer if he didn't even release any. The current pop scene doesn't deserve such effortlessly incredible music. This album has definitely made a fan out of me, and I've had it on repeat since I first heard it.",2,2,"Dec 15, 2012"
8,"Bruno Mars has delivered an enjoyable, nostalgia dripping sophomore effort that surpasses his first album by a mile. While he still has room to grow (he could at least try to be more original), Bruno has proven that he is a talented tribute act and has much more up his sleeve for the future.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2013"
10,"After listening to this record, I can easily say that Bruno Mars is one of the best musicians we have today. Unorthdox Jukebox is a pile of diversity and is equally mind-blowing. He took a huge risk this time and it really got paid off. His voice has improved, his songs sound more mature now, he has incorporated almost every genre on this album we know would better suit his voice. Best thing about this album is that how original and fresh it sounds, every song on the record has its own powerful yet soothing melody which is very rare these days. I love almost all the songs on this record but my favorites are 'Moonshine', 'Gorilla', 'Locked Out of Heaven', 'Natalie' and 'If I Knew'. Every song on the record is worth listening to, and I must say that Bruno Mars has surprised me again.",6,7,"Dec 11, 2012"
10,"Can Bruno Mars do wrong? And the answer is, as of right now after hearing the album. No, never, not once! I will be the first to admit that when I heard 'Locked Out of Heaven' for the first time, I was completely taken aback and thought he was making a big mistake. Now having digested both that song and the entire album as a whole I realize that Bruno was going for something entirely different with this album and was trying to give his new album more longevity. And he has succeeded.
Young Girls: the opening track to Unorthodox Jukebox and so it should of been. Mars knows that this album is going to be filled with new ideas and risks. So why not open with a light 'Doo-Wops & Hooligans' reminiscent tune. Young Girls is a very sweet track when Bruno sings about lifes sins and ones indulgence in those sins. Brunos Voice soars in this epic ballad. A great way to open the album. 9/10 Locked Out of Heaven: What can I say about this 80's style epic. Bruno has taken inspiration from the Police to construct this one and I am glad he has. Locked out of heaven is one of the strongest tracks on this album. I love the feel of it. Especially on the final chorus where the drums and instrumental breaks down. It lights up your soul! 10/10
Gorilla: I was most anticipating this track. Having listened to Locked Out of Heaven before I heard this I was prepared for something different. Now Gorilla is going to be a complete miss or a game winning home run for different people. For me however it is the strongest track on the album. I can't remember the last time a track gave me such an epic feel. The song takes inspiration from Prince in his most explicit. Gorilla cannot be explained just listen to it. Whatever the case, it is not a boring song, it was a risk yes. But I believe it payed off ten fold! 10/10
Treasure: What can I say, I love the 70's disco feel. Care free, light disco funk tune. Loved it, and a great break from Gorilla. 9/10
Moonshine: Taking inspiration from Michael Jackson, Bruno shows his abilities for great songwriting yet again. One of my favorites on the album. Just a beautifully haunting song. 9/10
When I Was Your Man: After the high production of the previous tracks, Bruno breaks it down with this beautiful piano ballad. Bruno accompanied only by his piano sings his soul out in the one of a kid track. Similar to Michael Jacksons 'She's Out of My Life'. But is it's stand alone piece of art. A highlight on the album without a doubt. 10/10
Natalie: I have to admit when I saw the title I thought: 'Oh not an other love song about a girl'. I honestly thought something along the lines of Valery was on the was. But boy was I wrong. Ladies you do not what to be Natalie in this song. Bruno's psychotic side is shown in this fast paced anthem. Potential single with an addictive chorus! 10/10
Show Me: What would a Bruno Mars album be without a little bit of Reggae. So please sit back and allow 'Show Me' to transport you to an island paradise. Superb song and Bruno once again shows his versatility as a musician. 9/10
Money Make Her Smile: There is a story behind this one. Look it up. One of the strongest tracks on the album. Bruno took a chance with this one and boy did it pay off! 10/10
If I Knew: After all is said and done, after all the sex, alcohol and death threats Bruno reassures us that he is still a class act and still a crooner at heart. This is a short but very special song. Powerful lyrics. Only flaw is that it is too short. Great finish.
10/10
I loved this album. Bruno has made a huge improvement from is debut. Which I thought would be difficult to follow. I can see a lot in this albums future! 10/10",4,5,"Dec 11, 2012"
10,"this is the album i waited for well done bruno! many different styles on this album, that it never becomes  boring. He has taken the risky path that not many choose to take with a sophmore album, but it paid off big time.
Give this album a chance",4,6,"Dec 11, 2012"
8,"Bruno Mars got a lot of talent, and this album show it very well. Unorthodox Jukebox is in my opinion, much better than his first album. Some songs are absolutely amazing like 'Young Girls' and 'Moonshine'. 'Gorilla' is a very good noddy song and of course, all the songs of the album show the great Bruno's voice. I was not a very big Bruno Mars fan, now i think that I started to be.",2,3,"Dec 14, 2012"
10,"Bruno Mars has proven with this album that he is not a one-trick-pony. If you did not like his first album, I urge you to give Unorthodox Jukebox a chance. There are so many different styles on this album, that it never becomes stale or boring. He has taken the risky path that not many choose to take with a sophmore album, but it paid off big time.",7,11,"Dec 11, 2012"
10,"When bruno mars first came out i swore...i found his first single a bit mediocre! i was like...mehh...couldn't care less! then i heard billionare and i found d song interesting having recognised his face as well. but then i was introduced 2 Count and me and fell in love! so i gave the guy a chance on his first record ''doo wops and hooligans'! and to my surprise i actually enjoyed it! so when i heard he had a follow up i followed his every single release curiously to see if he could up the ante and deliver something even better than his breakout smash! and boy did he deliver! unorthodox is probably one of the best album i have heard this year and an addition to my favorites list! Is he original? no...u can play guess the singer he's imitating on most songs(moonshine-micheal jackson, when i was your man-elton john, etc). but man is he a good mime...making his imitations his very entertaining! Agreed that he is one of the best musicians we have in our time to give it some dignity(john mayer, adelle, frank ocean, miguel kanye west to name a few) definetly a buy....and he deserves some grammies too!",3,5,"Dec 11, 2012"
10,"Bruno Mars. That name evokes a variety of responses form people who are familiar with the name. While his fans adore him, the naysayers call him too sugary and resent his omnipresence on the radio. One rapper went as far as writing about stabbing him , as you do if you don't like someone's music rather than getting on with your life. Critics use 'Grenade' as an example to show how his lyrics lack depth, while 'The lazy song' is often referred as 'too gay'.
Despite all this, it's an undisputed fact that 'Doo-Wops and Hooligans' was a big success, and turned Mars from a hit churning songwriter/producer into a global superstar, earning him a handful of prestigious awards, including a Grammy. So, no one could have faulted Mars if he had stuck to the proven formula, and produced a slew of sequels to his global hits.   Instead, he has chosen to walk a path chosen by few, and produced what could turn out to be the album of the year. 'Unorthodox Jukebox' bursts with the confidence of a man who feels invincible. He defies genre conventions, and isn't afraid of acknowledging his many influences. He recruits some of the best producers in the industry right now, to work with his own production team and the results show immediately. There are a few wobbles undoubtedly, but by and large, this is an undisputed success for Mars and his team. Best-  Natalie, Gorilla, Show Me, When I was your man, Moonshine.
Good- Locked out of Heaven, Young girls, Money Makes her Smile.
Average- Treasure, If I knew.",4,8,"Dec 11, 2012"
3,"The music is mediocre and the lyrics suck. I wish they would have tried something new other than the same old ballads off the last album. Something less generic and more punchy. Too bad.",3,6,"Dec 18, 2012"
0,"Peter Gene should pay me for listening to this album because I don't have enough money to repair all the damage that these horrible songs caused in my ears.",3,6,"Dec  3, 2013"
0,"It's musically different; it's more focused on an organic style, and it does have have accompanying piano ballads that are okay. But here's the thing: the lyricism is the exact same thing as the last time, no show of development whatsoever. Same love ballads trying to appeal to crowds, same undeveloped character.  Still emphasizing on what's become so mainstream. It's only good musically. If it was a bunch of instrumentals or unconventional crazy lyricism, it would have been better, but it's not. Poor choices. Poor choices. It isn't bad, but it's no good.",4,12,"Dec 11, 2012"
2,"Bruno Mars is a very clever man. He's written some brilliant tunes for himself and for his peers. He's featured on some cracking debuts and he penned F**k/Forget You, Cee Lo Green's solo masterpiece. And Mars debut Doo-Wops & Hooligans was surprisingly a very enjoyable, very well-written and well-recorded collection of catchy songs from a up-and-coming modern songwriter. Now, album two is out, Unorthodox Jukebox, and well, it's certainly something, however whether or not this 'something' is good, is up for questioning. Starting off with Young Girls, most of the album is penned the same, with the same topic in different ways..SEX. It's as if Bruno Mars is sex-hungry. We know from tracks like the Lazy Song that he's not a 'kids' singer but come on, all the iccle kids listen to him, but his whole album is the diary of a sex-ravaged singer with lots of sex, drugs and 'rock n roll'. The track Gorilla summarises the album, a seemingly cute metaphoric ballad that is in the end, again, all about sex. A bland chorus blares 'Gorilla, uh uh yeah, you and me baby, making love like gorillas'. Even the tracks later on on the album that you think may actually be like 'Just The Way You Are' tricks you by clever titles and is still, actually about sex. As much as i'm still a fan of Bruno Mars, I'll be listening to Doo-Wops far more than Jukebox.",0,1,"Dec 31, 2012"
10,"New reviewer reviewing my top cds of 2013  what can you say about bruno mars  true brilliance, rock, r&b, etc.  he has a prince feel on one song and an old school r&b feel on another  rock and sting are present  i think he is one of the most intiguing and brilliant artists of our century.",0,3,"Nov 11, 2013"
2,"Conseguiu ser pior que o primeiro,tem 1 boa msica e outras 2 medianas.
No sei por que inssistem e por ele num pedestal que ele realmente no merece estar.",0,1,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"The music is still deliberately derivative yet fun and unshakeable, and the lyrics are still unpretentiously simple and ring with a truth that many can identify with.
With this album, Bruno Mars proves to naysayers that he is here to stay.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2013"
7,"The current king of 'sappy love songs' is back! His songs are infectious, designed to leave girls 'swooning', giving wedding singers worldwide enough material to sing until Mars' next album.  His trademark vocal is back, and while it doesn't have as single as strong as his previous effort, it will  still be a big hit worldwide.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2013"
4,"TWO GREAT SONGS won't make a good album. I think Locked out of heaven is one of the best songs this year, and the video is amazing, very energetic and FUN. Too bad the rest of the album is cheesy and slow. Money make her smile is veeeery Michael Jackson and i really like the song, but other than that. Very bland unispired pop fillers.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
9,"Just listened to the entire album. I really enjoyed it. Short and sweet and to the point. Very well done. Every song is worth listening to as there are only 11 songs with such variation and there isn't one that is 'skippable'. Each song tells a story coherently which is something that Frank Ocean may have lacked for me.",0,0,"May  8, 2013"
9,"Bruno Mars strikes back with an even better sounding album than before, fans like me should be really pleased.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2013"
10,"Is an excellent album that contains a bit of everything does not disappoint bruno, bruno is one of the greatest artists of this time and I hope it is much more some of his songs reminds me of Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley shows bruno is heir to the king of Pop",0,0,"Dec 20, 2012"
8,"I'm usually hesitant to buy complete albums, especially based on only hearing one song.  But based on how much I enjoyed Bruno Mars freshman album and the first release, 'Locked Out of Heaven', off of Unorthodox Jukebox, I did.  All I can say is, Smart Choice on my part. Not a bad song on the album.  There are a few song with simple lyrics, but I guarantee you will be singing along.  The variety of styles on the album keep you listening and never wanting to skip forward.  Now, you will want to play some songs over and over again, like 'Treasure', 'When I was Your Man' and 'Money Make Her Smile'.  This Sophomore album is surely going to be a favorite for Bruno Mars fans and will make some new fans as well.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2013"
7,"this album is one of best albums in 2012 ,  he gave to me very  soul , pop , r&b and awesome music in this album and very good choice to this album singles",0,0,"Jan  5, 2013"
7,"Ah, Mr. Mars' sophomore album. The instrumentation is very diverse, going from synth-pop 80s style ('Moonshine'), to reggae-rock Police-style ('Locked Out Of Heaven'), to Caribbean driven rhythms ('Show Me'). However, the subject matter is still the same: Girls. It's the same commercial stuff he's been putting out since his first album. I know he could do SO MUCH BETTER than what he's doing, although I still like the album, Bruno needs to branch out lyrics-wise, and we'll see what he can do for his third album.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2013"
10,"Bruno Mars Has Proven With This Album That He Has The Writing Skills And The Voice To Make One Of The Best Albums Of 2012!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
7,"Talvez o CD seja muito bom, mas no como o seu CD de estreia Doo  Wops & Hooligans, consegui sentir a vibe positiva contida nas letras e no ritmo quase anos 80, pra mim  uma pena que Unorthodox Jukebox    quase totalmente como uma balada porque msicas como Locked Out Of Heaven so muito vendiveis",0,0,"Mar 30, 2013"
10,"This album is amazing. I have the whole album,l and I believe it's the only whole album I digitally have. He really has nice singles and puts out great music for any format, like Pop, Rhythmic, AC, HAC, and sometimes even Country (Just The Way You Are, imo). I hope he keeps on releasing music that sounds like these 2 albums because then he will have way more success than he is already having. I recommend this album.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
8,"I've discovered BM with 'Grenade' on my girlfriend's player, and wasn't much impressed by it, while she found him awesome. Most of his first album left me a 'meh' impression.
But then I heard 'Locked out of Heaven', which I at first, while finding it entertaining, thought was an attempt to steal from The Police   But it was nicely done, more like a tribute than a cover or plagiarism. Listening to all the songs of his new album, I found a great range of music from the last 40 years !
What he did is a tribute to all the songs he must have listened too growing up (I know he's young, but you can like songs made before you existed), and with great work makes new songs that sound like good old sounds  My game was to put dates on the songs, 'Locked out' is 1978-79, 'Treasure' is 1983-85, 'When I was your man', this one I'd say between 68 and 72, but it sounds untemporal so it's just my opinion. This idea is supported by how the videoclips are made, very retro !
This album has a mastered diversity, and it's a sign of a great artist  I enjoy listening to it",0,0,"Jun 28, 2013"
8,"I'm no Bruno Mars fan but this album is pretty well done. Locked Out of Heaven, When I Was Your Man and Treasure are two songs that should never be left out of any top songs of 2013 list.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2013"
8,"Bruno when he did doo wops and hooligans. After hearing I thought he had great potential. So I was pretty excited for this album. And his voice has matured definatly. This might not be the most perfect album. But it's a great step up. Songs like locked out of heaven, gorilla, and Natalie his voice really shows. And there is so much different genres. We have the poppy treasure. The Reggie show me. The slower when I was your man. And the bluesy if I knew. So in conclusion Bruno gives the best of his career",0,0,"Nov  3, 2013"
10,"Just a perfect album. Such an amazing and catchy voice with good lyrics and melodies. Gorilla is such a jam and Locked Out Of Heaven, the No 1 song on Billboard hot 100, is AMAZING! Besides When I Was Your Man that also was number 1 song on Hot 100. He's brilliant and is ready to be a legend! Way better than the trash we listen to (or have to) these days. Smashing Bieber's (flop) songs and Justin Timberlake's also, even though JT is really talented, he's getting way behind Mars. Bruno is underrated while Timberlake is overrated which is SO wrong. Both are talented, but Mars was meant to be, and obviously his songs doesn't sound the same and he has everything to be a great star. Watch out, Timberlake, Bruno's here to show everyone who's on command!",0,0,"Nov  7, 2013"
9,"On his second album Bruno Mars displays his very conceptual and artistic side as far as the song writing goes but unfortunately when it comes to the lyrics beside some  extremely catchy hooks, I wasn't completely sold on the lyrics. This defiantly doesn't cut the album short from being wonderful to me. I feel the same way about Unorthodox Jukebox the same way I feel about Thriller by Michael Jackson or Take Care by Drake. Of course nearly half of these albums have been played over and over again nearly to the point of annoyance on our local pop radio stations. Along with the  youngsters that attempt to recreate these songs with grace at our local high school talent shows but simply can't measure up to the pure passion that these artist sing with. Bruno Mars really put together a polished, fantastically sung album full of groovy strong instrumentation. Don't let all of the folks who compare Bruno Mars to other pop acts fool you this guy has got a huge amount of talent and crafted a purely triumphant album in my opinion.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2014"
9,"Just a really good album. The beats are awesome. My two favorite tracks: Treasure and Natalie The one I could have done without Show Me. I give this album a 9 out of 10. Thanks for reading.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2014"
8,"Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better than the first. Catchy songs, he got this control in his songs that any artist should have. Keep goind Bruno, we are with you!",0,0,"Oct  7, 2014"
7,"As I said in the review of the previous album of Bruno Mars, the artist would have a promising future, and apparently he has done successfully. An better built album and with good rhythms and sounds, all under good production and good vocals by Bruno Mars. Even so, the artist has much to improve but after all, congratulations!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2015"
10,"AmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazingAmazing ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS EVER MADE IN MUSIC HISTORY..",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"Bruno Mejora Cada Vez Mas, Su Musica Es Indiscutiblemente Buena, Tiene Un Gran Talrnto Y Es Exitoso, Esto Merece Mas Que Un 70 Como Metascore, Es Un Gran Album.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
8,"Ke$ha no abandonou totalmente suas origens, mas criou novas razes, como as do Rock'n'Roll, seu vocal deixa a desejar, mas isso  compensado com as letras envolventes e profundas... o que se pode dizer  que  um album bem dirty, com destaque para,  Dirty Love (feat. Iggy Pop), Wonderland (feat. Patrick Carney), Only Wanna Dance With You (feat. The Strokes).",1,1,"Mar 30, 2013"
7,"I believe the album cover says it all. Ke$ha stands, like a ferocious Eve teleported from the first week of creation, shrouded in sparkles. Ke$has ready to kick some ass and she isnt going to let anyone even try to stop her.
Although this album resembles Animal and Cannibal, Ke$ha ups the ante this time by throwing some pop-rock into her songs. Ke$ha had stated that people say that rock and roll is dead, and its my mission and my goal to resurrect it in the form of pop music and she really does do a damn decent job of fitting it in.
My favorite song on here, hands down, without question, is Wonderland. Not because of the lack of Auto-Tune or the fact that Patrick Carney of the Black Keys plays the drums, but because it is the first time Ive heard Ke$ha slow life down and let the listeners know that even though she is a bonafide badass, her life is much more complicated. And get this: Ke$ha wishes she could back to the time where life was simple before the fame, where she had close friends, when she was young, reckless, and hopeful, when she called her car home, and most of all, when she faced an uncertain future and didnt give a ****
Ke$ha just wants to be a kid for her entire life. And that was when I instantly fell in love with her music, because I feel the same exact way.
Who doesnt want to party 24/7, have sex, ingest unknown drugs, and drink countless amounts of alcohol with no lasting repercussions? In the end, its the only thing our heart desires until the day we die.
If I may, we allwant to make the most of the night like were gonna die young.
Right?
I would say that Ke$ha stepped aside from her usual I dont give a lets party attitude a little in Warrior and opened up to us. Its not often that you hear celebrities wish for the days before fame. Its not often you hear punk-rock and pop-rock being incorporated into a album these days. I mean come on, Iggy Pop is on this album! When was the last time you heard Iggy Pop on the radio? And the Strokes?!? My third favorite band is on a Ke$ha album! I dont care if all they have is Julian Casablancas singing I just want to dance with you over and over again, its brilliant! Not to mention the kick-ass guitar soloand Gold Trans Am is a horny, obnoxious, and hilarious ballad of having sex in the back of a gold sports car. Would you expect anything else from her?
Ke$ha created a fine piece of work with Warrior. I laughed, I danced, I pondered existence. Ke$ha only added to her reputation as being the hardest female rocker today, and sounds like she had a real fun time doing it.",1,1,"Jul 15, 2014"
9,"It's hard to know what the best album of her because all are good, but this can be overcome some of the other, the quality in every song, her vocals that improve and all the songs that make you want to hear them insatiably, a great undoubtedly album.
Highlights: Gold Trans Am and Supernatural
Lows: Past Lives and Love Into The Light",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
7,"Desculpa para a maioria do pblico, o auto tune nesse lbum vem em uma taxa bem menor do que em trabalhos antigos. Warrior nada mais  que um lbum forte, com msicas feitas para hitar, letras e batidas animadas e surpreendentes. Supernatural, All The Matters e Crazy Kids mostram fortemente a personalidade musical de Ke$ha que em nenhum momento foi corrompida durante os anos em que ela esteve presente no mercado musical . A balada Last Goodbye, com uma composio simples, porm unida com o instrumental e a voz, soa como um 'love song adolescente', o suficiente para produzir pequenos apertos no corao de quem ouve. Ke$ha, mais do que nunca, se demonstrou uma grande artista, merecedora de bons charts.",6,8,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"After two long years of waiting, Ke$ha is back and better than ever. I was skeptical at first when I read that she would be dropping auto-tune and bring in guitars and rock infused sound to make a whole new genre: **** pop. But after listening to it, I am impressed! Her first album Animal was just the generic pop album where auto tune overshadowed her singing skills. I can really hear the rock sounds especially in Dirty Love and in Gold Trans Am (one of my favorites). Stand out tracks include: Warrior, Crazy Kids, Wherever You Are, Supernatural, Love Into The Light and Gold Trans Am. You can really tell how much work Ms. Ke$ha put into this album over the past two years, and I can now say that it is one of the best pop albums of the past 5 years, it was worth the wait. 9/10",3,4,"Dec  4, 2012"
10,"Without a doubt one of the best albums of the year. Although it's disappointing that the best tracks on the album were on the deluxe version, Gold Trans Am, Past Lives, & Last Goodbye are some of the best songs she's ever made.",5,7,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Well, the party girl is back and with this album she did  a great job. with the early singles I didn't expect a good album out of her, but when I listened to the album I said 'Wow!!! now it sounds good.' there's no doubt that 'Warrior' is her best record yet and it's so fun that she gets emotional on some tracks like 'Love into the Light' and a deluxe edition track 'Our Last Goodbye'. she's still fun. she's here to rock the party.",6,9,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"This is by far the best album of Ke$ha's so far. The purpose of what 'Warrior' is all about is strongly expressed in the majority of her songs! I liked how she showed her creativity and originality in her music. I'm glad how she decided to use 'Die Young' as her debut single before the realise of her album. It captivates the audience that she was aiming for, which obviously captivated me. I recommend it strongly.",4,6,"Dec  6, 2012"
10,"This is one of the best albums of the year, and definitely the best pop album of the year. It has so many standout tracks, they are all good. Recommend it strongly.",10,16,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Ke$ha just wanna have fun! With its auto-tune and the dub-step beats, 'Warriors' is her best album so far. If there's 'Michael Learns to Rock', then I'd say Ke$ha Learns to Rock! My fave tracks are 'Warriors', the old hippie rock 'Die Young', 'C'Mon' and 'Supernatural' I like it :)",5,8,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"Warrior is undeniably one of the best pop rock albums of the year. All tracks are adventurous, amalgamating various genres such as pop, dance, EDM, country, and surprisingly rock; and hey Ke-dollar-sign-ha nailed it this time! The opening song 'Warrior' is indeed a perfect song to begin with, and the following tracks 'Die Young' and 'C' Mon' are fresh party dance anthems. Moreover, who else can rhyme 'sabre-toothed tiger' and 'warm Budweiser' better than K$? 'Crazy Kids' is another standout track, lyrically reminiscent of her previous No. 1 hit 'We R Who We R', but sonically adventurous as well.
The second half of the album is also golden; 'Dirty Love' 'Wonderland', 'Love Into The Light', and 'Gold Trans Am' accentuate how she can really sing and belt, and strongly shows that she does not only sing trashy party hits, but also country-rock with deep and honest lyrics. In fact, most of the tracks in her sophomore album are experimental, yet still contain catchy Ke$ha-ish hooks and irresistible beats that everyone loves. With the aid of her totally-i-don't-give-a-f_ck attitude, she really did it this time.",3,5,"Dec  5, 2012"
10,"Best. Album. Of. The. Century. Ke$ha cooks up a wild party for everyone with her new album. Rather if it's 'War-ior-ior-ior' or 'let's make the most of the night like were gonna die young' or even 'all that matters is the beautiful life!' You will be jamming your ass off.",9,18,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"This is definitely the greatest dance pop album of the year. If Ke$ha hooked you with the album's lead single 'Die Young', then you will be blown away with what she delivers with 'Warrior'. Not only is she able to capture the party in almost every one of her songs, but she is able to take this a step further and make you laugh and make you realize things you probably wouldn't think of on your own. She is a pure blast.  'Thinking of You',  ' Wherever You Are' and 'Supernatural' are my new Ke$ha favorites. If you're not the party type, you should definitely check out 'Dirty Love' featuring Iggy Pop or even 'Wonderland', which are very different from her usuals. The only negative thing I have to say, is the fact that her voice is massively autotuned, but does this really matter when you're listening to the work of a talented song writting legend?I have so much more respect for her since she writes all of her songs and it clearly shows on this album that she knows exactly what the hell she's doing. You go Ke$ha.",3,6,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Well, well, well. What do we have here? We certainly haven",2,4,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"Ke$ha has always been scrutinized. Being called a slutty, booze-inducing member of society. But, she's actually a very smart artist. Her lyrics are so funny, but so good. Irresistible and catchy, Warrior is better than Animal and it's re-release, Cannibal. The rock influence in a big part of the album is to die for. The title track and Supernatural are heavily influenced by dubstep and Dirty Love is a garage, punk rock track echoing The Black Keys', Lonely Boy. Wonderland is  country-rock song that is the most vulnerable highlight in the standard version of the album. Warrior should have been a 16-track album, because two of the best tracks on the whole album are Gold Trans Am and Last Goodbye, both on the deluxe edition. Gold Trans Am being an electro-rock piece of clever pop and Last Goodbye being a vulnerable, electro-folk pop song with some of K$'s best lyrics. Ke$ha's human and that's what she wants to show people. She wants people to know that all that matters is the beautiful life and to live each day as if you were to die young. Sex is a big theme in the album, but sex is a part of life and Ke$ha just simply embraces it. She knows what she is getting into, she knows that she's a crazy kid and that not everybody will get her, but she doesn't give a **** She is who she is and she won't apologize. Ke$ha's Warrior is probably the best pop album of the year and she sure as hell knows it. ALBUM HIGHLIGHTS: Gold Trans Am, C'mon,  Last Goodbye, Only Wanna Dance With You, Crazy Kids, Dirty Love, Wonderland
SONGS THAT ARE TO BE SKIPPED: Past Lives",1,2,"Dec 23, 2012"
8,"Ke$ha's new work is different than the other pop records released this years which tended to be generic as hell, this time Mrs. Serberg bring us some kind of rockish-dancey pop that fits very well with her attitude (Only Wanna Dance With You, Dirty Love) or some dubstepp based tracks, however she's decided to show how funny she is, love her or hate her this is a great album.",1,2,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"strangely hypnotic. Ke$ha brought out the big guns on this one and didn't look back, I personally was not aware that she had talent of this magnitude. I hate to bring up an artist's past when judging a new album, but i was not expecting much when reluctantly digging into this piece of work; next thing i know i was humming along, as well as my son, on the first playback to several songs. Sure she can get a bit sexual into some songs, but it is not as bad as her past work. This album gives everyone, even the old and grumpy hags, a peak inside the world of young love, fast life, and just how to have fun wherever you are. Makes everyone want to say ' is it summer yet?' standout tracks; 'c'mon', 'wherever you are', and 'thinking of you'. also AVOID 'crazy kids' around children. awesome tune but drops F bomb constantly",1,2,"Dec  8, 2012"
8,"The resurgence of the singer Kesha is a success. His single Die Young is heard on the radio. In whatever kind 'missing' from the world of pop, the singer returns with his second album Warrior. The sounds are very electro, but it does not fall into the trap that Bjrk has fallen. It is not out of his usual style, but it explores other style. It is less trash and more 'artist' that can be called a true Princess of Pop. It is far from Tik Tok, except Die Young. This is probably his best album, she finally size a real place in the world of pop, before that it was a kind of One Hit Wonder, but there it is on fire.",2,5,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Pleasantly surprised with the overall quality of the album. Standout tracks are 'Love Into the Light' - which borrows heavily from Collins' 'In the Air Tonight' you could almost hum it along - 'Dirty Love' and 'Last Goodbye'. I tend to underestimate Ke$ha's ability to create great records, I've been proven wrong again. And that makes me even happier. Take a listen, and hear the party vibe within it!",1,3,"Dec  8, 2012"
7,"Warrior most certainly isn't the **** pop' album Ke$ha herself has claimed it to be multiple times, however, that doesn't at all count it to be a bad album. In fact, Warrior has plenty of memorable moments that make it the entertaining pop album it was destined to be. In recommendable tracks such as 'Supernatural', Ke$ha retains her electropop style and turns it into a 'Wouldn't It Be Good'-esque '80s throwback that talks about - you guessed it - ghost sex whilst tracks such as 'Wonderland' find her calling back to her native Nashville roots to go for a more country-pop ballad featuring Black Keys drummer Patrick Carney. But thanks to her mainstream star status, longtime collaborator-producer Dr. Luke refuses to let the singer-songstress expand from her poppy roots, smothering the singer-songstresses' vocals in 'Auto-Tune' in plenty of songs even after she wished to prove to everyone that she didn't, in fact, need it. Despite lead single 'Die Young''s infectiously catchy chorus, it falls between the line of formulaic and generic. But overall, Warrior will please her 'Animals' more than ever whilst also giving outsiders a taste of what she can really do without the help of Dr. Luke.",1,3,"Dec 11, 2012"
0,"It's such a bad album from the first song to last. Uninspiring, recycled, generic garbage that I haven't seen from a pop star since Talk That Talk from Rihanna. I can't believe she would even make this album because it has only TWO passable songs (which isn't saying much at all). I loved Cannibal and was excited for this...not so much now",3,14,"Dec  7, 2012"
0,"This album is one of the worst releases of the year. More auto-tune generic pop garbage. This **** can't sing for **** People who are giving this **** high scores are either high, deaf, have terrible hearing, or have ****ty music taste. -10/10",2,10,"Dec 11, 2012"
0,"A clear sign of trying to mature from her first album, but in the worst possible way. The music is still bad, only this time it's not anywhere nearly as fun.",2,12,"Dec  9, 2012"
4,"I don't really apreciate Ke$ha as a singer and her songs are a sloppy and some of then doesn't even make since . But in comparation to her past albuns this is a much better album.",0,1,"Jan 15, 2013"
7,"Love her or hate her, Kesha is slowly becoming a more pronounced and stronger pop diva in the market right now.  Some strong singles including 'Warrior' and 'Die Young', a surprisingly robust effort from this singer, who is no stranger to contoversy.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2013"
10,"This album is catchy, inventive, and fun! There is a huge variety of style when it comes to this album and Ke$ha has shown that she doesn't 'always' need autotune. There are those meant-for-radio songs such as 'Die Young' and 'C'mon' but then there are those more slow paced and alternative type songs. I would definitely recommend getting the deluxe version because those extra tracks are some of the best ones. It really is a pop album with alternative and rock influences. I would give this album a listen and see for yourself!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2012"
8,"Wow, I didn't like Ke$ha's first album, but this really raises the bar, I liked nearly every song on the album, and they were really well done
Warrior 8/10 A triumphant entry to the genre, she sounds defiant, and strong
Die Young 8/10 A fun single, she sounds like she's enjoying the song, and so do I
C'mon 10/10 My favourite song on the album, she sounds defiant and declares the ecstasy over emphatic beats
Thinking of you 7/10 Though I don't like this song as much, the autotune bridge before the chorus really is something special
Crazy Kids 8/10 Cleverly balancing a guitar chorus with gritty verses and impressively arrogant lyrics, Crazy kids is a hit
Wherever you are 7/10 Though nothing special, it's a sign that Ke$ha once again has emotions which she seemed to generally avoid in the previous album
Dirty Love 8/10 A good fun Iggy pop collaboration which though boasting nothing special, has really cleverly blended both of their genres
Wonderland 9/10 This is a really good emotionally moving song, the lyrics are believable, and she means what she's saying
Only Wanna Dance With You 6/10 It's okay, but I think it could've been better
Supernatural 9/10 I just love the chorus so much in this song, and the verses are slickly produced
All that matters 8/10 This is a classic Kesha song, she sounds like she's really enjoying this song
Love into the light 8/10 A nice slice of pop reminiscent of In The Air Tonight by Phil Collins and a heavy hard chorus really propels this song
Last Goodbye 9/10 Another really good song showing Kesha's more sensitive side with a really infectious chorus
Gold Trans Am 9/10 A really infectiously fun song with a chorus which really gets stuck inside your head
Out Alive 7/10 Another really big loud dance song from Kesha, a good listen, but nothing particularly special
Past Lives 9/10 This is such a great song, it was too short though
Kesha really stepped up this album, this album is much slicker and well produced, it also sounded a lot more polished with a lot more attention to detail in this album",0,0,"Apr  3, 2013"
8,"Ke$ha has actually released a sophomore album that actually is better than it's predecessor!  'Warrior' is far more varied, more danceable, and a (tiny) bit more mature her previous efforts.  I was a little unsure since 'Die Young' is very much the same as her previous songs but the Iggy Pop collab 'Dirty Love' is so much fun that it instantly changed my mind!  If you are a fan of Ke$ha, it's worth it; if you would rather her just put out same top 40 stuff, then you may be disappointed.  Much more rock tempos and electro beats on this one.  Party on, party Animals!!!",0,0,"Dec 17, 2012"
10,"Honestly this is Ke$has best album, and one of the best albums to come out of 2012! Definatly a step up from the Animal/Cannibal era, and if your a big fan of pop music or even a big Ke$ha fan i'd advise to to buy it right now! As a big fan of Ke$ha myself (Yes i bought it the day it came out) i cant help but get those lyrics stuck in my head, everything from beautifully written lyrics to amazing chorus' the album is a must! As if you bought/heard anything from the Animal/Cannibal era, auto-tune may have turned you away but Ke$ha drops the auto-tune for this album, here's a track by track review just incase you'd like to know more or just buy songs individually on iTunes.
Track One  WARRIOR  Warrior is a great way to start off the album, between the insperational and powerfull lyrics this song is amazing! Definatly one of the highlights in my opionion!
Track Two  DIE YOUNG -
Die Young is the second track and also the lead single, this song is great and really catchy. Im obsessed with it since it premiered and if you haven't heard this yet you must be living under a rock.
Track Three  C'MON -
C'mon is the albums second single and thrid track. C'mon is one of my favourites also on the album its super catchy and really fun to sing along to. Although it hasnt  done to well on the charts yet, im sure you will love it!
Track Four  THINKING OF YOU -
Thinking Of You showcases the rock/pop genre Ke$ha was talking about for this album. Its a break-up song and has really humourous lyrics and is sure to get you singing along! Although the song isnt one of my favourites, i still really like the verses very much!
Track Five  CRAZY KIDS -
Crazy Kids is definatly single worthy and a radio smash for summer. Im in love with this song its definatly a must if you haven't heard it yet, one of the albums highlights for sure!
Track Six  WHEREVER YOU ARE  -
Wherever You Are is a love song, perfectly wrote and really good song overall. This really shows Ke$has vocal ability and how she can write about more than just partying, this song is one of my favourites on 'Warrior'.
Track Seven  DIRTY LOVE  Dirty Love, uhm in still not to sure about this, it hasnt quite grown on me yet, although i really love the chorus' and the verses i just cant find myself loving this yet. If your a rock fan this song will definatly suit you but it's not quite for me.
Track Eight  WONDERLAND -
Wonderland is really good, its a slowed down song and shows a really different side to Ke$ha. The lyrics and singing in this song are amazing and if your into slow songs then this is for you.
Track Nine  ONLY WANNA DANCE WITH YOU -
Only Wanna Dance With You has kind of an 80's vibe to it. Its a really up-beat and catchy track and i really like it but its not one of my favourites if im honest.
Track Ten  SUPERNATURAL -
Ok, Supernatural... its just amazing. I honestly cant put into words how amazing this song is. Dr. Luke leaked a 40 second snippit of this back in July 2012 to preview what 'Warrior' would be like, when 'Warrior' was eventually released from the word go i was hooked to this! The beat is kind of hypnotic and its really amazing work, the lyrics are also very catchy. It's rumoured to be the 3rd single from the album and will definatly do well in the charts!
Track Eleven  ALL THAT MATTERS (THE BEAUTIFUL LIFE)
All That Matters is a dance track. Although its nothing like anything from Animal/Cannibal, its definatly a Ke$ha song! This will definatly be a hit on her tour this summer with the lines like ''Put your motherf**king phones up/light um' up''
Track Twelve  LOVE INTO THE LIGHT -
Another slowed down song and another side to Ke$ha, Love Into The Light is an amazing song but i just cant find my way around some of the lyrics, but overall a really good track.
DELUXE EDITION TRACKS
Track Thirteen  LAST GOODBYE -
If you got the deluxe edition like i did, you probably heard these songs. Last Goodbye is definatly single worthy and one of the albums highlights! Its just amazing, the beat, the lyrics, everything i love it!
Track Fourteen  GOLD TRANS AM -
Gold Trans Am is definatly more rock direction and will be amazing on the tour. The lyrics are very funny and extreamly catchy i just cant help myself going around singing them.
Track Fifteen  OUT ALIVE -
Out Alive would be a definate radio hit. Although in most reviews this track hasn't been reviewed well, i think its an amazing party track and very clever lyric wise.
Track Sixteen  PAST LIVES -
Past Lives is definatly my least favourite, its a really good song lyrically but i just can't find a way to like this track.
So if you've read down to here, you have read alot, sorry this took up so much but i tried as much as i could to review it! If you liked the review and thinking about buying it, buy it! If your going to buy some tracks off iTunes, do it! Highlights are definatly Warrior,Crazy Kids,Supernatural and Last Goodbye and the two released singles! Thanks for reading!",0,0,"Mar 29, 2013"
5,"I'm gonna be frank here: I can't stand any commercially released songs I've ever heard from Kesha (I refuse to use the dollar sign) until checking out this album in full. I say 'commercially released' songs specifically because of 2 non-album tracks that've leaked online called Goodbye & Feels Like Rain that showed Kesha's true abilities as a great singer-songwriter. Now whether these are from before fame or between albums I don't know, but what I do know is that her talent, from what I'm hearing/assuming, is being squandered by the big record label so they can churn out another cash cow pop star. Which is a shame really, because she has a lot of potential to do good musically. Fortunately Warrior is, to an extent, a step in the right direction. Sill, while it does show some more personal & introspective songwriting on tracks like Wonderland, Love into the Light, Last Goodbye & Past Lives, trashy generic party fuel like Die Young, C'Mon & Crazy Kids still festers in her 'sound'. And it's not always one way or the other. For example, the title track Warrior has a great rousing chorus about freedom & empowerment that jarringly devolves into a crappy non-musical club beat with much more generic & uninspired lyrics. Repeat this 4 times & the song's over. Die Young is musically a terrible ripoff of Good Feeling, which was already a bad song that already stole/sampled from others & while it's more tolerable than stuff like Blah Blah Blah, it's still along the same lines of suckiness. And C'Mon, while not as bad on the surface as Die Young, is pretty much more of the same.  Next is Thinking of You, which like Warrior has a nice chorus with good lyrics with bad verses/pre-choruses that lessen its impact. In the chorus she's heartbroken over her boyfriend cheating on her & having trouble getting over it.  It's executed well with a nice melody & believable lyrics. The problem comes in everywhere else, where she sounds so obnoxious, snarky & overall unlikable on a near-Want U Back level that I just can't be on her side anymore on the matter. Crazy Kids is easily the worst song on the album, with nauseating lyrics/music on a self-parody level.  Wherever You Are is probably the most positively consistent song on the album at this point, mainly due to the more sweet & sincere-leaning subject matter. Still though, a few questionable lyrics & severe overproduction (even worse than usual) in the chorus keep it from being a total success. Of course one of the more talked-about songs here is Dirty Love, which features punk rock pioneer Iggy Pop.  Now an interesting thing about this song is that even though the subject matter is explicitly sexual like some other songs either, I can't help but enjoy it. Whether it be the more rock-influenced sound, great-sounding chorus or Iggy's signature tongue-in-cheek lyrical wit, it finds plenty of ways to hook me in. Call it a guilty pleasure I guess. Wonderland epitomizes the potential I was referring to earlier. It's a piano-driven, almost country-esque ballad about longing for a return to your wild youth. And while it kinda contradicts other songs here subject matter-wise, this comes off as much more sincere & genuine. It also notably features The Black Keys' Patrick Carney on drums. Let's hope her next album is full of songs this good. Continuing this streak of good songs, Only Wanna Dance With You is probably the most straightforward rock song on the whole album, mostly influenced by The Strokes, complete with Dr. Luke doing a good impression of Julian Casablancas. Another solid track that while not showing as much depth as Wonderland, is still very fun & enjoyable. Supernatural has a similar problem as Warrior in that it has a great chorus that's let down by everything around it. While this song is sex-centric, not an uncommon theme here, it's done in a more refreshingly sensual & epic way, to which the verses & pre-chorus immediately go 'LOL NO' & take a turn for the generic & trashy. While All That Matters (The Beautiful Life) is tolerable, it's just another throwaway party jam that does absolutely nothing for me. Not offensively bad, just... there. Love into the Light (along with Past Lives) is one of the least commercial songs here musically, featuring a pounding drum beat & a grand/epic arrangement with full instrumentation & lyrics that, while a bit on the generic side, do have an earnest sounding message of love & acceptance. And on an album like this, that's certainly a treat. Last Goodbye has a nice building structure with good melodies & what I think are a banjo & mandolin (overproduction kinda drowns them out). Lyrically it basically gets right what Wherever You Go & Thinking of You were trying to do but ultimately fell short at. Next we have Gold Trans Am, which while having some cool rock elements, fails horribly lyrically. Out Alive awkwardly jams generic club stuff into an otherwise decent social commentary message about greed & wastefulness. Score: 59/100",0,0,"Jan 18, 2013"
7,"Best Ke$ha album. It's elaborate, addictive and dancing, Just buy and have fun with this great example for the pop and electronic music. Don't miss it!",0,0,"Mar  9, 2013"
8,"Ke$ha has her own style, just like Nicki Minaj, it's love it or hate it. After a few years since 'Animal' she releases 'Warrior' which is also a follow up to her EP 'Cannibal' and I'm happy to say that 'Warrior' is Awesome, it's fun, hip, catchy, and surprisingly more personal than you might think. I very much enjoyed Ke$ha's latest release even if it doesn't break any new ground in the world of pop. First off Ke$ha is no Beyonce, she doesn't have strong pipes, but she still has fun with what she's got, you can tell that most of her vocals are auto tuned but it's used correctly and it doesn't sound ridiculous. Iggy Pop does a guest duet on the song 'Dirty Love' which is of course about sex, a lot of Ke$ha's same antics are still here, constant partying, sex, and causing trouble, but a few songs on here are very thought provoking, and are the standouts. Songs include 'Wonderland', 'Only Wanna Dance With You', and the tremendous 'Love Into the Light' thankfully it's balanced out and isn't misplaced like other pop albums. The album is twelve songs long and is perfectly paced, never feeling too slow nor too fast, plus Ke$ha provides all the fun party tunes that you know and love, but she also makes you think about life. Overall, 'Warrior' won't win any awards, but it's fun, catchy, and heartfelt. If you're looking for something meaningful while not going overboard and still sticking a middle finger to the public, Warrior will do just that.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
10,"The Great American Pop Album... well at least in the eyes of a reckless teenager, such as I. Ke$ha just about proves herself as more than just that hung-over party girl who threw up in Paris Hilton's closet.  Warrior's opening track sets the score, as this can be said to be the perfect intro to an album like this. Ke$ha manages to establish herself as a carefree, american rebel, impressive for happening just 4 minutes into the album. Everyone's Favourite Die Young pumps through our speakers, making us just want to get up and go crazy, a fun up-tempo track. C'mon, Thinkin' of You, GoldTransAm and Dirty Love allow Ke$ha to re-introduce that funny teenager we first saw on 2010's Animal, however this time its an upgraded, more smart and likeable character, easy to relate to. We are then treated what could be said to be Ke$ha's first ever ballad 'Wonderland'  - a auto-tune free, breeze of fresh air, filled with nostalgia and meaningful lyrics. Ke$ha then experiments with even more sounds such as dubstep, electronic and techno on tracks like Out Alive, Supernatural and Crazy Kids. Overall a great albums with guest such as will.i.am and Iggy Pop, Warrior feels like Ke$ha's first legit album. 9/10",0,0,"Dec 29, 2012"
10,"People who haven't heard this album are trying to leave negative reviews here to bring Kesha down but it's going to be a lot harder with Warrior than previous albums. Warrior is an excellent pop album that also incorporates some rock and country. And it does it with little or no autotune or other effects. We actually get to hear Kesha's raw vocals more on this album than her previous efforts, although she also did have nonautotuned songs in previous releases. All the songs on Warrior are good to excellent and will appeal to a wider demographic than her past work. Kids will love the dance tracks, although some like Out Alive and Wherever You Are, are more serious lyrically than her past dance songs. Older buyers will appreciate the ballads Wonderland, Past Lives, Love Into the Light and Last Goodbye. This album really does have something for everyone and with releases like Last Goodbye, Wherever You Are, Supernatural or Thinking of You, she should expand her audience significantly.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2012"
10,"gradually assuming everything promised while producing this new album, Kesha leaves no more doubt really know how to sing, compose and be rock fan. In 'Warrior' Kesha did not want to become the voice of the generation or attacking heavy metal star, but to show that we have already lost too much time on things that are not worth it, taking the opportunity to do that homage to their idols. The album is animated, experimental and rude in the right measure, is also useful for those times when you just want to forget the rest of the world and enjoy life. We will all die one day and Kesha goal here is to convince us to complete all our goals before that day comes, even though our goal for life is just sex in old cars or exchange feelings with beings from another world. That's it!
BY: It Pop",0,0,"Mar 18, 2013"
7,"Ke$ha is in better form than she's ever been with Warrior. She, alongside producer Dr. Luke, update their electro-pop formula for the better, toning down most of Ke$ha's tendencies to sound unforgivably obnoxious and concentrating on almost each track as a solid party anthem. It takes a dive mood-wise from tracks 7-9, but it goes on to even better form past these on the deluxe version.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2012"
10,"The best album I had heard, she just show to everyone that she can sing, rap and write, get it, this album is better than any pop album of this year. Amazing.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2012"
10,"So it's no surprise that K-Dollar sign-ha came up with catchy party anthem tunes once again. But it is a surprise to hear Ke$ha letting go of Auto-tune. From opening track 'Warrior' to 'Past Lives', the closing track from the deluxe edition, Ke$ha emancipates from the dumb-blonde image she was credited for.
'Warrior' might be her best effort to date. Not a rock album, definitely, but notable influences can be seen during the album.
Best tracks: Supernatural, C'mon,Crazy Kids, Gold Trans Am.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2012"
8,"Great follow-up to Animal, and while it hasn't taken off like Animal did I really hope people start to fall in love with it. It has some great dance tracks and, so far, the right singles have been chosen :)",0,0,"Jan 19, 2013"
10,"Best album from Ke$ha without doubt ! Each song really shows who she is ... Warrior, Crazy Kids, Love Into the Light and Past Lives: these tracks are those that relate more to the personality of the singer and this time the fans really had a greater perspective about Ke$ha. Amazing record, perfectly blending the styles ''rock'', ''country'' and ''dance pop'', masterpiece !",0,0,"Jan  2, 2013"
8,"this album is more deep than animal and its full of hits , kesha proved she is not only party singer she is real pop mega staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar",0,0,"Jan  5, 2013"
10,"Best album EVER!!! Ke$ha really can sing! This album is full of positive power, just seizes the moment. She reduce the using of auto-tuned, more instruments and vocals! I love that!",0,0,"Jan  6, 2013"
7,"Warrior is an 'okay' album. The most of the songs on the album are the same like the ones from her previous releases. Basic, simple and autotuned party songs with no message.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2013"
10,"An amazing pop album with the usual dance and party all night anthems, but they are all extremely catchy. Witty lyrics, reflective in parts and every song sounding like it was made to be a hit. The production is very well done and it is surprisingly my top album of 2012 so full marks for Kesha and her team.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2013"
9,"Great album with great duets. Begins with Kesha doing what he does best and then plunges into a world of references. With hints of Classic Rock, indie rock, electronic and intimate with few tracks, is the most diverse of Kesha before. And definitely the level of letters greatly improved.
Highlight for Crazy Kids, Supernatural, Dirty Love and I Only Wanna Dance With You But of the title track to Last Goodbye, no disappoints.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
10,"One Of The Best Albums Of All Time!
Ke$ha Shows She Knows How To Party... And Really $ing!
This Album Is Better Than I Ever Thought! Deserves A Grammy!
Below Is A Tracklist And Score Out Of 10!
Warror 10/10
Die Young 10/10
C'mon 10/10
Thinking Of You 10/10
Crazy Kids 10/10
Wherever You Are 10/10
Dirty Love 10/10
Wonderland 10/10
Only Wanna Dance (With You) 9/10
Supernatural 10/10
All That Matters (The Beautiful Life) 10/10
Love Into The Light 10/10
(DELUXE EDTION TRACKS)
Last Goodbye 10/10
Gold Trans Am 10/10
Out Alive 9/10
Past Lives 10/10",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
9,"Really fun album with few boring tracks. Supernatural, Last Goodbye, Die Young and Warrior are best tracks and need to be a single. To sum up  it's better then her debut Animal.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
7,"This album sounded like it was going to be better than Animal, but it wasn't all that. I think the album is good, but there are some not good tracks on the album. I'd still check it out if I was you though. Decent album!",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
10,"One of the best pop albums of the past year. Her last album was generic and her vocals were overshadowed by her use of auto tune. She creates a new genre of music..... ****-pop. She gives everything you want and more. She gives you heavy rock experimental influenced songs like Gold Trans Am, Wonderland, and Dirty Love; dance songs that we love like Die Young,  C'mon, Thinking Of You, Wherever You Are, Supernatural,All That Matters (The Beautiful Life), Out Alive; pop-rock songs that sound like P!nk could do like Thinking Of You, Only Wanna Dance With You, Love Into The Light, and Last Goodbye; and experimental alternative, indie pop songs like Warrior, and the power ballad Past Lives. This album has the Ke$ha we all fell in love with, as well as a new improved rock star side of her we've never seen. This album was also good for the produced Dr. Luke. He usually produces generic hits but this album shows his diversity. Animal/ Cannibal is abut a 5/10 but this album makes me see Ke$ha in a totally different light and have so much love and respect for her. Every single track is different and I love every one. The songs are relatable, can make you cry, can make you dance, etc. She is honestly more talented than people give her credit for.",0,0,"May 24, 2013"
7,"I believe the album cover says it all. Ke$ha stands, like a ferocious Eve teleported from the first week of creation, shrouded in sparkles. Ke$has ready to kick some ass and she isnt going to let anyone even try to stop her.
Although this album resembles Animal and Cannibal, Ke$ha ups the ante this time by throwing some pop-rock into her songs. Ke$ha had stated that people say that rock and roll is dead, and its my mission and my goal to resurrect it in the form of pop music and she really does do a damn decent job of fitting it in.
My favorite song on here, hands down, without question, is Wonderland. Not because of the lack of Auto-Tune or the fact that Patrick Carney of the Black Keys plays the drums, but because it is the first time Ive heard Ke$ha slow life down and let the listeners know that even though she is a bonafide badass, her life is much more complicated. And get this: Ke$ha wishes she could back to the time where life was simple  before the fame, where she had close friends, when she was young, reckless, and hopeful, when she called her car home, and most of all, when she faced an uncertain future and didnt give a ****
Ke$ha just wants to be a kid for her entire life. And that was when I instantly fell in love with her music, because I feel the same exact way.
Who doesnt want to party 24/7, have sex, ingest unknown drugs, and drink countless amounts of alcohol with no lasting repercussions? In the end, its the only thing our heart desires until the day we die.
If I may, we allwant to make the most of the night like were gonna die young.
Right?
I would say that Ke$ha stepped aside from her usual I dont give a  lets party attitude a little in Warrior and opened up to us. Its not often that you hear celebrities wish for the days before fame. Its not often you hear punk-rock and pop-rock being incorporated into a album these days. I mean come on, Iggy Pop is on this album! When was the last time you heard Iggy Pop on the radio? And the Strokes?!? My third favorite band is on a Ke$ha album! I dont care if all they have is Julian Casablancas singing I just want to dance with you over and over again, its brilliant! Not to mention the kick-ass guitar soloand Gold Trans Am is a horny, obnoxious, and hilarious ballad of having sex in the back of a gold sports car. Would you expect anything else from her?
Ke$ha created a fine piece of work with Warrior. I laughed, I danced, I pondered existence. Ke$ha only added to her reputation as being the hardest female rocker today, and sounds like she had a real fun time doing it.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
10,"Ke$ha is back, and better than ever, with her critically acclaimed sophomore album, 'Warrior'.  This record, which features a duet with Iggy Pop, not only makes you want to sing along, but dance along too!  With lyrics that discuss self-empowerment and love, the album incorporates dance-pop and electropop styles with elements of electronic rock and hip hop.
Track-by-Track Review:
1. 'Warrior'  9/10; one of the best ways to start an album is with a fantastic track, like this
2. 'Die Young'  10/10; the lead single from Ke$ha's second album, 'Warrior', is a fantastic mix of electropop and '70s rock
3. 'C'Mon'  9/10;  the second single from the album is a song that makes everyone want to sing along
4. 'Thinking of You'  10/10; a terrific track that showcases a break-up
5. 'Crazy Kids'  10/10; the second best song on the album
6. 'Wherever You Are'  8/10; a great song, but not anything that's too special
7. 'Dirty Love'  10/10; with verses from both Ke$ha and Iggy Pop, this is indeed the best track on the record
8. 'Wonderland'  9/10; an amazing song that is so different from Ke$ha's other material
9. 'Only Wanna Dance with You'  10/10; a wonderful song that takes you back to the '80s
10. 'Supernatural'  10/10; words can't even explain this song
11. 'All That Matters (The Beautiful Life)'  10/10; 'baby all that matters' is this song
12. 'Love Into the Love'  9/10; what a perfect way to end the album",0,0,"Aug  1, 2013"
8,"Even though 'Warrior' is pretty good, Ke$ha's albums keep decreasing in their likeability. I think everyone is getting tired of all Ke$ha's gliitter. The best songs are 'Thinking of You' and 'Dirty Love'.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2013"
7,"While parts of the album are predictable Ke$ha, the Nashville native does surprise listeners with several inventive and even beautiful moments, most notably through the songs 'Wonderland,' 'Dirty Love' and 'Love into the Light.' Ultimately, it is an entertaining pop album with some depth, and does indicate a further maturing of Ke$ha's image and music.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2013"
9,"This is an album entirely driven on guilty pleasure for me. Every song is generic pop (which is why it's 9 and not 10) but it's all done so well in my opinion. I really wish it got more attention than it did",0,0,"Nov  1, 2013"
10,"A great pop/dance album! I think is the best of Ke$ha.
Best songs: Only Wanna Dance with You, Supernatural and All That Matters (The Beautiful Life).",0,0,"Dec  6, 2013"
9,"a fantastic album for the heavily restricted artist she is, the wide contrast of tracks which have been approved by dr luke leave to the imagination how incredible this album could've been if she had been able to the album her own way. recent events show kesha is definitely a warrior",0,0,"Jan  5, 2014"
10,"Um dos melhores albuns que j ouvi,mas a crtica leva seu mediano Animal no corao mesmo com Cannibal e Warrior sendo trabalhos MARAVILHOSOS.
uma pena,ao menos sei que Ke$ha s melhora,que venha o proximo.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
8,"When I first heard Warrior I just didn't care, just buy it for listen to Die Young and Crazy Kids, but years have passed and my friend told me she was addicted to a song called Dirty Love by Kesha, I asked if it was on her last album and she said yes, so I ran to the computer and started listening to the album. And what happened was a amazing surprise, the album is completely wonderful! Yes, It's full of auto-tune, but who cares? The songs are made to be hits! I love Only Wanna Dance With You, Dirty Love, Wherever You Are and the ballads Wonderland and Past Lives. The best album from Kesha, no doubt! Looking forward to the next.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2014"
9,"Easily Ke$ha's best body of work to date, flying past the autotune-overdosed 'Animal' and not looking back, this album deserved to sell millions of copies and the fact it flopped is depressing.
The opening track 'Warrior' delivers a fierce, fast paced gay rights anthem, with Ke$ha declaring 'Fight for the **** ups, stand up for true love, we'll never give up' Similar messages are shown in songs 'Crazy Kids' & 'All That Matters' Of course, Ke$ha gives her usual dosage of throwaway party tunes with tracks like 'C'mon' & 'Out Alive' which are generic yet very listenable.
Ke$ha adds more slower paced songs that usual, and when her more romantic love songs are usually lost in a sea of synths and bass boosters, this album shows off Ke$ha's more vulnerable side perfectly, with the additions of 'Supernatural' 'Wonderland' & 'Wherever You Are'
Album highlights include previously mentioned 'Supernatural' along with 'Gold Trans Am'' 'Last Goodbye' & 'Dirty Love' Which includes a mediocre verse from rock veteran Iggy Pop, yet Ke$ha manages to make the track brilliant none the less. Album lowlights include 'Love Into The Light' and 'Past Lives' which are forgettable at best.
A brilliant album overall, strongly recommend to fans of pop AND rock alike.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2014"
9,"In Warrior, we saw Kesha evolve. The album has great differences compared to Animal or Cannibal. Kesha shown here that she is still a 'party-girl', but her songs have a less electronic sound, and the amount of effects on her voice was drastically decreased. Songs like Last Goodbye bring an atmosphere charged of emotion, while others were made just for you to have fun, as C'mon. I dare say this is the best work of this lady, who still have much to show us in future works.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"Kesha definitely shows that she's more than just a 'party girl' in this album.
'Love Into The Light', 'Dirty Love' and 'Past Lives', some of the greatest on the album, show her in a way I believe 90% of the general public hasn't heard yet.
And yes, her writing skills are just getting better and better.
The album also has an amazing and great energy. Definitely the best pop album on 2012.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen",0,0,"Feb 17, 2015"
9,"Probably one of the best pop albums I've heard in a while. Ke$ha's talent for songwriting and singing is shown on here more than it was on her first two albums, with improved production. I don't think another pop album like this will be created in the next ten years. This gets a grade of A. Highlights: 'Wherever You Are', 'Past Lives', 'All That Matters'. Worst song: 'Last Goodbye'",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"The evolution in her voice it's so fantastic and greatful, she growing like artist and performer. I can't wait to hear new musics of her and listenning the evolution",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
0,"Horrendous album, definitely the worst British album of the past five years. It is a disgrace to pop music, she has no musical talent so I have no idea why she ever got chosen to judge others on the X Factor. It is set to be a huge chart flop so hopefully she will be not be around for longer.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2013"
0,"Disgusting album.",1,2,"Jan 29, 2013"
1,"I'm not keen on Tulisa. Even before she was a judge on X Factor, I didn't rate her highly and considered her judging placement so random. But, after taking Little Mix to victory last year, Tulisa has really established herself and after several years in the barely successful band, N-Dubz, she's decided that it's time to go the solo route. And after hearing the first few singles, I knew this was going to be a great listen purely for comedy value, so I tried it. And boy, is it a stinker.
We start off with Tulisa speaking some cliched 'inspirational' feminist speech (with a weird pause, I might add) over a piano composition, which automatically sets her up for failure as already she's taking herself far too seriously. And what follows are tracks that define scraping the bottom of the barrel. There's the We Found Love rip-off #1 single, Young, the cheesy faux-urban Live It Up and the bland, lifeless Damn. But then we get the Holy Grail of bad music, the cringey, epically bad British Swag (if ever there were two words that should never be coupled together...) where Tulisa brags to a non-existent American audience: 'I'm all about my dollars, but I specialise in pounds.' She is truly one of the finest un-intentional comedians ever. Then there's the bizarre ballad, Foreigner, that's meant to be anti-racism but is executed so badly that it comes off like the opposite with analogies that really make you feel uncomfortable. Speaking of ballads, it may surprise you that, not including the interludes, half of the album consists of ballads and dear me, they're as bland and boring as watching paint dry and her voice is average at best, not the type that can be showcased on a ballad. Even the Diane Warren-written song, Counterfeit, couldn't be salvaged. I'm sure that such tracks will not impress Tulisa's fans who were expecting lots of dance music, considering that Young was the lead single. The only upsides are club banger Live Your Life, the spiritual sounding Skeletons and the genuinely sad Habit. But even then, they're not amazing, just not bad. By the time Tulisa rounds it all off with her cheesy Outro, you just want to laugh at her delusions of fame. She needs to drop this 'Female Boss' alias schtick. No one, not even her fans, are buying into it. While she co-wrote almost the entire album, she is not an artist as she always insists on calling herself. She is a product, nothing more.
Tulisa is way out of her depth and it looks like the dream's over before it even got started. The album debuted on the UK singles chart at an appalling #35 with just over 15,000 copies sold and where it'll chart next week is anyone's guess. And it wasn't like she had no promotion, she had the best promotion she could get and it still wasn't enough. This proves that Tulisa is in no position to be an X Factor judge. How can she give contestants advice about how to be successful when she doesn't know how to achieve it herself? Even Dappy's solo album managed a surprising #6 on the charts with no X Factor or Britain's Got Talent promotion. If rumours of an N-Dubz reunion are true, it looks like Tulisa needs them more than they need her. Here's a comeback to the last words on her outro: 'If it doesn't work out......give up.'",3,7,"Dec 12, 2012"
8,"In recent years, it has sort of become the norm for X-Factor judges to release their own material once on the show. Tulisa is no exception. However, this led to speculation about the quality of her music. She has an unremarkable voice, but in 'The Female Boss', something actually struck me.
The listener is introduced into the world of female bosses by means of deep, emotional piano notes. What's really not deep is the cliche speech Tulisa gives about 'inna beauty'. After Young, Live It Up and Damn conclude, the dance feel of the album is dissipated. I'm not saying that 'British Swag' is not infectious (because it is indeed an album highlight), but it was misplaced in the album. As the album progresses, I became intoxicated with certain songs such as Counterfeit and I'm Ready. All in all, I found the album to be quite an outstanding collection of music.
HOWEVER..........if you don't have an eclectic love for pop music, DO NOT purchase the album because it  doesn't suit you. There's a sound for everything on this album, which makes it so love-able.
Personally, I would have left some songs out. Steal My Breath Away, Foreigner and Kill Me Tonight were songs which I felt do not go with the rest of the album. I think they are the filler tracks on 'The Female Boss'.
Conclusion: Excellent debut with songs which can become hits effortlessly (Live Your Life, Visa).    An enjoyable and warm collection which can have huge success depending on its management.",2,7,"Dec  4, 2012"
9,"Opening with some cheesey lines in 'Intro', first impressions leave you skeptical as to what else is in store on 'The Female Boss' -- then Tulisa's chart-topping 'Young' kicks in. One thing that makes this album stand out from the crowd is the variety of different sounds, from ballads like 'Skeletons' to urban-esque tracks like the infectious 'British Swag' and 'Visa'. There are some sure hits on the album if dealt with correctly. With an almost perfect blend of slow and fast jams, 'The Female Boss' is deserving of more praise than it has had; if only it was given the chance to be judged on the merits of the album rather than Tulisa's misjudged character, unfairly portrayed by the media. 'Scream and Shout' would have earned it a deserving 10/10, if only Britney didn't take that hit from beneath her feet! A brilliant album overall -- 'let's drink to it!'",1,5,"Jan 13, 2013"
10,"I Dont think at all this albums rating should be so low it is the best album ever in my opinion, tulisa worked hard on  it  it was hard for her to go solo and she  has made a super fantastic alum that i love and it deserves 100 if you ask me ,it is just unreal and great basically i love it.",0,2,"Mar  5, 2013"
3,"It does its job, however it was done all wrong. For starters, she chose the wrong target audience  females. By naming her album The Female Boss despite the negative media attention meant that she lost that target audience from there. She never had that market to begin with N-Dubz. Then the cringe worthy introduction and outro was awful and had nothing to do with the themes of her music. If she had targeted her audience as just young people having fun then her record sales would have increased because at this present time, she is not really respected as an artist, musician and shamefully enough, a woman. I doubt she will make a second album as this one was so horrible.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2013"
0,"What a disgrace to music, shockingly abysmal album. Tulisa is a talentless wannabe chav who will forgotten in a year or 6 months, her lyrics are awful, the songs are terrible and cheesy, has a cheap and nasty sound",0,0,"Apr 20, 2013"
0,"Awful. Absolute tripe from start to finish. The lyrics, the music, the production, everything. I don't understand how did they choose her to be a judge on the X Factor, when she doesn't know how to achieve success herself.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2015"
10,"que piso na cadela da cheryl flopada sem talento
esse album  tudo vo se foder seu bando de aidetico dando nota baixa
se fosse album da rihanna desgraada ia ter um monte de gente babando esse hinario",0,0,"Jul 20, 2016"
7,"'The Female Boss' isn't a bad album, but also not a great one. Tulisas's voice is really powerful and commercial, she can make good high notes, but I don't know why the producers abused so much with auto-tune. The album is pretty commercial and phonographic, but they don't made good choices for singles. In general, is a album normal pop/eletronic/dance album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
9,"Olly Murs is one of the best singers out there these days. This album is really amazing, and Troublemaker has to be one of his best songs ever. It is my favorite song of 2013, and has been stuck in my head since January. That proves an amazing album. 9/10.",1,1,"May 12, 2013"
4,"A track-list of radio friendly songs. It's his style, I get it, but as he does not challenge anything or attempt to bring a new flavour to British music, it will lack the substance that the audiences are striving for. And he wonders why he never wins anything...",0,1,"Apr  8, 2013"
7,"Enjoyable, danceable, fun and happy pop music that is good to listen to. Troublemaker is the best song and Army of two is quite good, generally the album is good and he is talented",0,0,"Apr 25, 2013"
9,"This album is pretty good and Olly, though he sounds a lot like Maroon 5, has a very nice voice. He actually sounds better on the quieter and slower tracks which I don't see too often.
Highlights: Troublemaker
Dance with me tonight
Right place right time
Cry your heart out (bonus track)",0,0,"Apr 24, 2014"
10,"What you have here is one of the most important pop collections in British History. For the last decade Girls Aloud and Xenomania and been at the forefront of British pop music.  They have controlled the top ten with some of the most groudbreaking and acclaimed pop songs in our history. This is essential for any music fan and deserves to go down in music history as one of the greats.",0,2,"Feb  8, 2013"
8,"This is a perfect compilation of their hits and achievements. A great mix of songs, and new ones as well to round of where they have grown as artists. If you are a fan, it's a must have.",0,2,"Jan  5, 2013"
10,"One of the most incredible collections of hits and inexplicable I've ever had the pleasure of hearing!! Perfection in the form of music. Girls Aloud showing how girlbands are one of the most influential of all time.",0,2,"Apr 21, 2013"
10,"An album wonderful, with different rhythms and genres, for all tastes, rihanna risked, innovated and was perfect! with deep lyrics and vocally evolved, I deserved my note 10 to this wonderful singer Rihanna!",18,29,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"I think this is one of her best album. 100% better than Talk That Talk. This is album is very emotiona and different. This album is my drug, except some song, it super!",3,3,"Mar  5, 2013"
10,"Amazing. Simply amazing. It has songs for every taste -pop, r&b, dubstep etc. The album cover looks great and I can't find a song that is bad. Well done, rih! #navy.",2,2,"Mar  2, 2013"
9,"I still don't get why there's a lot of people who hates this album. It is nearly perfect. Yes, it isn't filled of commercial and pop songs, but it is confidential, it has tons of amazing lyrics and it is portraying an amazing era. Definitely not Rihanna's best, but very good though.",1,1,"Feb 26, 2013"
7,"This is her 7th album and in such a short amount of time its crazy to think she can accomplish so much. It's not her best but it definitely has enough hits on there to last her 'til the next one comes out.",1,1,"Feb  5, 2013"
9,"Rihanna has been back to the Rated R time in a totally different way. Rated R had more electronic songs, and this one is full with R&B, Hip-Hop and ballad songs, totally different from the Rihanna original style. but anyway it was good.",1,1,"Mar  6, 2013"
9,"That album uses good songs, good positions in the Billboard Hot 100. 'Pour It Up' needs to break into the Top 10. So, when do you think the next song will release? What month?",1,1,"Apr  7, 2013"
7,"Although it's certainly no Good Girl Gone Bad, Unapologetic 'unapologetically' matures Rihanna in terms of music production and lyrically aims at pissing off the media and many mom with its 'unapologetic' subject matter, with songs such as 'Numb'; although obscure, the Barbian songstress confesses that she is so high, she's 'going numb', which makes for an ear magnet (especially for the listeners 'under the influence' and features the king of controversy in hip-hop and previous collaborator Eminem. While drug abuse, fame, and fortune are many risqu moments as well, its most explicit is its graphic confession of her lingering love for ex-boyfriend (and 'Rude Boy' if you will) Chris Brown(which has all but withered now). The two even collaborate on the Michael Jackson-tinged song 'Nobody's Business'. Whether you like it or not, it's there and it's raw. In general, Unapologetic has the bass bumpin' beats and heart throbbing ballads to balance itself evenly between the two and although it's missing the ensemble of potential hit-singles previous efforts held, there should be at least one song for everyone thanks to its diversity in production.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2013"
8,"Well, there is no surprise...good job as always!
I love affectional voice of Rihanna, every song on this album is authentic, regardless of genre ('Lost in paradise'  electronic, house  'Pour it up', 'Numb'- hh, rave. She is so trueteller! I love Rihanna!",1,1,"Nov  1, 2013"
10,"Liricamente e vocalmente  um lbum impressionante, deixando de lado as batidas eletrnicas do Talk That Talk e caindo dentro do R&B que consegue expor uma Rihanna novamente pessoal e livre de sua fase rebelde e sem remorsos com seu passado. Realmente  um lbum que teve seu destaque e hoje pode ser considerado um dos melhores da Bad Gal",1,1,"Jan 29, 2015"
10,"Since 'Rated R', Rihanna wasn't so deep with her albums, but with 'Unapologetic' she really came back to the darkness more powerful than all!
Songs like 'Stay', 'What Now', 'Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary', 'Loveeeeeee Song' and 'Half of Me' remind that brave Rihanna who really has so much to scream to the world, with so many hurts and tears.
By the way, sings like 'Pour It Up', 'Jump' and 'Phresh Out The Runway' made her a luxury woman that just wanna have fun and show her money.
Rihanna is amazing and 'Unapologetic' too! I was really impressed with it.",1,1,"Sep 22, 2014"
6,"Rihanna could really have done something better, this album sounds like it was done anyway just to be released within one year, I think why the R8 ta taking so long, I hope to be better.
Highlights: Diamonds and Jump
Lows: Loveeee Song and Numb",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Phresh Out the Runway 40/100
Diamonds 100/100
Numb 100/100
Pour It Up 100/100
Loveeeeeee Song 85/100
Jump 100/100
Right Now 100/100
What Now 30/100
Stay 100/100
Nobody's Business 100/100
Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary 60/100
Get It Over With 5/100
No Love Allowed 100/100
Lost in Paradise 100/100",1,1,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"album de hits
perfeito do inicio ao fim como sempre
rihanna n decepciona os fans
amei adorei? achei tudo?
PHRESH OUT THE RUNWAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY",1,1,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Too many people are basing this album off of Rihanna's history and situation. This is an amazing album and I'm not saying that because I like her as an artist but because she really gave her all on this album and it shows. She is one of the few rare artists that can create an album with so many sounds and still sound genuine. On this album, she has pop-rock (What Now), torch (Stay), reggae (No Love Allowed), Hip-hop (Phresh Out the Runway), R&B (Jump),80's rock (Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary), disco (Nobodies Business), and even a little bit of jazz (Get It Over With). The problem is too many people are basing this album solely off of the one song with Chris Brown which I think is pretty decent. If this album was by any other artist, there would be no hesitations to call this album of the year. I don't get it. When her voice is weak, they say she needs more power. When she's too innocent, they say she needs an edge. When she sings about sex all the time, she sings more about love. When they say she can't perform live, she blows them away. Now that she's proven how great of artist, people want to point out little petty things like how she doesn't write her own lyrics or her duet with Chris Brown. Not everyone can write their own lyrics and Rihanna is showing that she is a SINGER. And her duet with Chris Brown was spot on, that is NOBODIES BUSINESS but their own. Leave her life out of it ad just enjoy the music for what it is. At the end of the day, I'm glad she is Unapologetic about being herself because God knows people will judge her regardless so even trying to remotely care will only leave her in misery.",12,18,"Nov 19, 2012"
8,"It's actually good, even though it's so easy to hate, especially because of the Chris Brown duet. This album goes back to the dark feel of Rated R, but improves on it. It's moody and a much needed improvement on Talk That Talk. 'Diamonds,' is a great song, but there are so many great songs on it besides that. Though 'Nobody's Business' is a cringe-worthy idea, it's a great song. 'Jump,' 'What Now,' and 'No Love Allowed' are amazing tracks. Of course, the dumb David Guetta pairing is a skip, and 'Phresh Out The Runway' is an easy one to forget. If you need a personal track, just listen to 'Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary,' which is a seven minute epic seemingly all about her abusive relationship with Chris Brown. It's a compelling album and much better than the last two. Give it a shot!",8,12,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Well, I particularly liked the album mainly two songs themselves, not thought necessary Rihanna to duet with Chris Brown because she knows very well that he did not have concert. But she wants to think so, going back to review the album will not be a shadow of Rated R but it is good she could have put full songs and not have done that even in Talk That Talk with songs that felt like they were not completed. Could choose their best duets have put artists we know, the album cover could be better but one thing ripening Rihanna piece of symbolism that thing too. 'I'll do a review of personnel who speak badly of Rihanna and everything she does is wrong, surely you are fans of Lady Gaga covered band of demons.' Simply hit Rihanna in parts this album, some songs back on your first album and some on her fifth album.",8,12,"Nov 20, 2012"
4,"Of all songs on Rihanna's album, I liked only two - Lost In Paradise and Stay, all the others were just forced with sounds and her emotions. Although the song Fool In Love from her Loud album is also forced with emotions, she did that song absolutely perfectly, but the one - Nobody's Business - was just too much. Lost In Paradise was absolutely gorgeous, I enjoyed listening to that song, it has rhythm, positive vibrations and just feels good... I would love that Rihanna makes songs like Lost In Paradise or Stay, they are perfect, all the others are awfull... My overall rating for this album is 4.",4,6,"Nov 26, 2012"
3,"I just have mixed feelings about this album, I was excited when I purchased this album but with the majority of songs on 'Unapologetic' that I listened to, I was disappointed. It didn't appeal to me like the previous albums that she has made e.g 'Loud' or 'Talk That Talk'. 'Unapologetic' is certainly not the best album that has been made by R&B star Rihanna. I give her credit that her lead single off her album 'Diamonds' was good, but that's the only positive feedback I can give this album.",4,6,"Dec  6, 2012"
10,"I love this album. It's really different from what she's done before. As usual, this album contains an outstanding variety. This album also continues the trend started in previous albums, since the quality of the music has yet again augmented from her previous release.",7,11,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Although not a perfect album, i appreciate her going away from the typical candy-pop that most other artists make, We all can predict what a Britney and Katy Perry album will sound like. This is unexpected and I love it! 'Jump' 'Nobody's Business' 'Numb' including her new number single 'Diamonds' are the albums stand outs.",5,8,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"I have to admit that at first listen of this album, I wasn't too impressed but after I went through my day and I realized that I was playing the songs in my head, I had to go back and listen again. Now, the entire album is repeat. Give it another try. Trust me, all of the songs will get to you.",9,15,"Nov 19, 2012"
9,"This album is some of Rihanna's best work. Whilst her 'thug life' persona still reigns strong, this project is still something we've never heard before. Just like all of her albums, Rihanna's sonic variation spans widely across the album, but this time, it's more than that. Some of the songs really go into uncharted territory for her level of pop supestardom. It goes without saying that probably not every track will be for everyone.. and there are highs and lows. But her brave experimentation is eventually proved very successful. The epic heights of 'Diamonds', the luxury of 'Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary', the beauty of 'Stay', the funk of 'Nobody's Business', the mystery of 'Numb' and the wild 'Jump' are some of the highlights. But the production and music all round is really great.
Rihanna's lyrical allusions to Chris Brown throughout the album is the only one thing which unfortunately can't be ignored. As if a controversial collaboration with him wasn't enough, for some reason a couple of questionable references to past events seem somewhat... unnecessary.
That said, Unapologetic should not disappoint anybody with a broad taste and general appreciation of urban pop music, mixed with the best of other genre influences like reggae and EDM.",6,10,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Rihanna is very sure of herself and seeks deeper songs to express this, we see a dramatic change to his previous album Talk That Talk where she is electric and hyper-active. In this album we can see that Rihanna is returning to its origins as the first albums. This album is phenomenal and we call Rater R 2.0",6,10,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"I'm surprised the reviews aren't better. This is her best album by far. 'Diamonds' is already a #1 smash and 'Jump' and 'Right Now' are future #1's.",3,5,"Nov 21, 2012"
5,"By far her worst album. Only a few good songs on it like the duet with chris brown and David guetta, the rest are dire!
Stop Rihanna and come back in a few years time.",10,17,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"Moving away from Talk That Talk, Unapologetic is a lot of effort by Rihanna. All the songs have it's story and flow very well when you are listening this album. The album goes in the awesome GGGB, Rated R, Loud collection!",8,14,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"I don't know what everyone else is hearing but I hear some pretty decent music. I don't really like Rihanna and I can honestly say that she's proven to me that she can make decent music. I don't understand why people are stooping so low by giving her a 0, it isn't that bad. I was going to give her an 8 but now I'm just going to giver her a 10 for that foolishness.",8,14,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Ela est se superando cada vez mais e assim, esse cd est em uma evoluo muito grande, ela est top nas paradas da billboard e merece o reconhecimento, depois de LOUD Riri s vem explodindo na atualidade, pois os antigos so muitos fodas.",5,9,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"One of the best albums of the singer from Barbados. Diamonds is mature and shows us a new Rihanna. Another song from the album is extraordinary stay showing this maturity. Rihanna did a mature and cohesive album and deserves to be in the spotlight of pop music.",5,9,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"The reason people are rating this album poorly is because they want songs like 'We Found love' or 'Only Girl In The World'. That's what they expect from Rihanna. This was unexpected and although I love her club bangers, I'm enjoying her refreshing ballads right now. Do your thang baby gurl.",7,13,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"Very bad album. I like only 4 of the songs - Phresh Off The Runway, Jump, Stay and Right Now. The other tracks are bland and boring. This album is the worst from Rihanna. She is trying to hard to be ghetto while she isn't. She is a POP star and she must embrace it!",8,15,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"Riri has done it again. I don't understand all of the negativity with people on this album. Is it because she did a duet with Chris? Anyways, Love without Tragedy is the most beautiful song I have ever heard. I also am in love with What Now, Pour it Up, Jump, No Love Allowed, Diamonds, Stay, Right Now, Lost in Paradise, Get it Over With, Numb, and Phresh Out the Runway. Heck, I love the entire album. Go buy because she definitely deserves #1 for this album. :)",9,17,"Nov 19, 2012"
8,"The unstoppable Rihanna surprise us with this fresh breath of air (again). This isn't better than her previous works, this is different. Let's talk about each track, a bit of advice: forget everything you ever heard from her. Presh off the Runaway: Guetta is in here, and doesn't sound like him. Good, eh?
Diamond: A new class on pop anthems, don't forget to give credits to the ever clever Sia.
Numb (Feat. Eminem): Sounds more like an Kanye West song, and that's good thing, you'd better forget the pain you've heard from this duo before. A CLUB BANGER.
Pour it up: Rihanna is kinda rapping here. Loveeeeeee song: Love making song, for real. The beat is hypnotic, and what about that guitar to the end? Sexiest thing.
Jump: Rihanna is on the Dubstep train, just as she could do: with suggestive lyrics and a great production (Timbaland is also behind this, awesome). This will be banging the clubs too, and yeah, she's playing with ginuwine's pony.
Right Now (Feat. David Guetta): The amazing duo are back, isn't one of their best, but will make you dance anyway.
What now: A power ballad, not necessary at all.It feels a lack of cohesion.
Stay (Feat. Mikky Ekko): Rihanna's best vocals, great lyrics, a piano, and this guy's awesome voice. Also written by Mikky, this song is a relaxing stop on the album.
Nobody's Business (Feat. Chris Brown): Are you feeling the 90's vibe in this? I'd rather refer to this as 'the bomb', great beat, a controversial collab, and defiant lyrics.
Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary: Isn't a song with 2 tittles, they are two songs in one. The first, a heartbreak song, with smart references, Marilyn Monroe and James Dean; the second one, a exposure of rihanna's feelings about her career, her life.
Get over it: Slow it down, again. It tastes like that early 2000's thingy.
No love allowed: Down-tempo disco hall. this is closer to the end. It's very relaxing that island sense.
Lost in paradise: Dubstep is here again, in a more blended way. Half Of Me: Isn't better way to end this album, than with a great ballad written by two Adele's (Emeli Sand and that one who makes you cry with every song, Adkins)
Rihanna did it again. That's all. Isaac Santos",5,10,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Its just an perfect album. every song on the album is a hit. it shows Rihannas vocal talent in ballades like 'What Now' or 'Stay' (which are both one of the best Rihanna Songs). Her last big Album was 'Rated R and i think 'Unapologetic' as well as it. I think the best Tracks on the Album are 'What Now' and 'Whats Love Without Tragedy'",5,10,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"The album is very close to be named perfect.
'Stay' is her best ballad EVER, 'Mother Mary' is a real grower. And of course, 'Jump' is classic already.
It's the first Rihanna album I can listen from start to finish without any skipping (maybe just Loveee Song, kinda repetitive). Guetta's Right Now is basic, but will be huge in Europe.
All other songs from dubstep-urban beginning to the ballad-y second half are incredible",5,10,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"Rihanna is a unique artist. Know merge various musical styles into a single cd and do well in the charts.
His distinctive voice and his charisma attracted fans from around the world, praised for its beauty, for its life history, and especially for his MUSIC.
In Unapologetic, Rihanna shows that came to stay. With powerful ballads, and hip hop and urban vein, it shows what is to be a versatile artist.
No wonder it is the most tanned on facebook, and his youtube channel is the most watched in the world.
Rihanna is the VOICE!",5,10,"Nov 20, 2012"
8,"Her best album since Rated R with different rhythms , great lyrics and vocal. She keeps surprising us with wonderful worksand showing to the world who Rihanna really is and what she really feels.",3,6,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"I can't believe in some reviews that I read..'Her actions are irresponsible and sends the wrong message to her young fans' was the worst I think..YOU WHO WRITE THIS, KNOW WHAT MESSAGE RIHANNA SENDS TO HER YOUNG FANS WITH HER ACTIONS? THE MESSAGE OF FORGIVENESS AND LOVE! JUST THAT! You idiot fans who give 0 because Rihanna did make a music of Chris Brown...oh God..I'll stop here.About the album,incredible! Amazing vocals,a lot of genres,amazing musics...one of her best albuns.",3,6,"Nov 21, 2012"
3,"LMAO at people giving this album a 10, its a 3 at best with only a few decent songs and production. And it has nothing to do with her situation with Chris Brown or any other excuse. Her music just gets worse and worse but it doesnt matter because her stans will never admit it.",3,6,"Nov 21, 2012"
9,"If you are a Rihanna's fan, this album works perfectly for you, she keeps her style and the lyrics are mixed, some very deep and some just to relax and dance. I think is amazing!!!",3,6,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"Unapologetic is amazing love song's Love Vocal Love All Rihanna is a Really DIVA Unapologetic is perfec love love loveeee LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Ririh Queen",3,6,"Nov 22, 2012"
10,"This album is probably one of her best. It has a wide range of genres in it. You have the slow, beautiful ballad 'Stay' which really highlights Rihanna's vocals. Then you have the heavy dance track 'Right Now' which has a dark twist to it. Standout tracks would have to be 'Stay' and 'Phresh out the Runway'. Phresh is Rihanna at her best and shows how bad ass she is. Love the album",3,6,"Nov 24, 2012"
7,"Rihanna has made a good album, but, in my opinion she could make it better then another albums like 'Loud'. She try to do 'Unapologetic' during one month, and the world liked it, if Rihanna started to produce 'Unapologetic' three months ago, could be a biggest success by a big singer. (I don't speak in English, I just try, understand me please)",2,4,"Nov 30, 2012"
8,"Rihanna turns to a variety of producers on Unapologetic (David Guetta, StarGate, Benny Blanco, The Dream, etc.) in order to create a newer and less generic sound, and in all honesty, it works. While Unapologetic is in no way her revelation album, it is certainly darker and more elemental than any of her previous works, featuring infectious mid-tempo moments like 'Diamonds' ('We're like diamonds in the sky') that show a side to Rihanna's vocals that we've never heard before, while also incorporating cinematic and vulnerable moments such as 'Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary', which has contributions by The-Dream, who is known for a line-up of hit singles. Unapologetic is mainly influenced by hip-hop, EDM and dubstep genres without sounding like every pop album on the charts this year; 'Right Now' featuring David Guetta comes off as formulaic, but in the end, it'll have everyone in the club jumping and singing along, which has always been Guetta's goal. In 'Numb', Rihanna sings quietly over a gloomy bass about glamorizing the euphoria from drug use whilst Eminem joins in with one of the funniest lines of 2012 ('I'm the butt police and I'm looking at your rear, rear, rear!'). If you're looking for vulnerability, you're gonna have to wait. However, if it is viewed in pure entertainment, it's one of the greatest pop albums of the year.",1,2,"Dec 11, 2012"
7,"Seventh Album, Seventh Year, Seventh? Anyway Rihanna brings 'Unapologetic' which sheds light and draws influences from her Fourth album 'Rated R' and Sixth 'Talk That Talk.'  Personally I think that it is much more developed than her last, but not as good as her others. It has heavy-influences from EDM, Dub-step and Hip Hop and is her most diverse album to date. I loved how Rihanna put her musical style together on this album and probably this could be the end of Rihanna's ritual of releasing new s**t every November. Maybe she'll take a break (two years at the least). But saying that she'll probably release again in a year's time.",1,2,"Nov 27, 2012"
7,"unlike others, i did not base my opinion off the album off the artist's past work or history. this album is blessed with several radio-friendly tracks as well as several alternative hits that will help crack a smile to those who don't wish to have the 'mainsteam-ear' such as myself. studio also uses great work in having synthesized sounds and familiar beats to get the listener involved early on in the song. standout tracks; Numb ft. eminem; Nobody's business ft. Chris Brown",1,2,"Dec  8, 2012"
10,"Rih prepares the start of her most powerful era yet as Unapologetic reigns supreme, raising the bar even higher this year, setting standards for pop music at its highest level yet. Taking a whole new take on EDM, Rihanna list's some of the top producers under her belt this time around, as we are blown away by the albums opening track 'Phresh Out The Runway' as we get the change to see Rihanna experiment with electronic and Hip Hop on the same track... Impressive for a pop artist. Songs such as Diamonds and Stay easily let us relate to the project as they are the ones we know and love. Songs such as 'Jump' 'Lost In Paradise' and 'No Love Aloud' give the album a more fun, inspiring, up-tempo tone, setting the album apart from old favourites such as TTT, Loud and Rated R. Overall a great project from the Barbados-raised superstar, leaving us wanting more. Just what will Rih do next...?",1,2,"Dec 29, 2012"
8,"Not going to lie i was nervous about how this album would turn out. But after listening to it,  it is a really wonderful and good album. One of my favorite songs on the album is Diamonds.",1,2,"Dec 20, 2012"
8,"This album is great! it has variety for different crowds, ''something for everyone''.
The best songs on the album are Jump, No Love Allowed and Mother Mary/ Love without tragedy.",1,2,"Nov 18, 2013"
10,"Love LOve LOVE this album. I can jam, cry, dance, and vibe to this album. Repeat until her next one come out which hopefully is next year lol. Only Rihrih can do an album each year and still have the world sucked in.",4,9,"Nov 19, 2012"
9,"Personally I think that Unapologetic is one of Rihanna's best albums. She mixed different kind of music and that makes it an album completely different from the other ones. It's true that some of the Unapologetic songs could have been done better (for example:Pour it up or Numb that has nothing related with the last Eminem and Rihanna collaboration) but songs like: diamonds, stay, right now, lost in paradise, half of me, love without tragedy and loveeeeee song are truly good. My advice to the people that don't like Rihanna and pointed Unapologetic with a 0 just because it's another fast Rihanna's album, is to listen it without judging her and listening just the music.",3,7,"Nov 26, 2012"
0,"too much auto tune going one as she has changed both her appearances and voices many times to keep up with the other artists trying to be something that they are not.",5,12,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"One of my most anticipated releases this year and I'm left disappointed. 'Unapologetic' could of been a great album, but it lacks those BIG dance anthems that Rihanna is known for. Overall very vapid and no artistry whatsoever!",4,10,"Nov 20, 2012"
0,"It doesn't matter what the music that this woman makes sounds like.  She is dating the man who beat the **** out of her.  She is validating abuse against women to millions of her fans.  If you buy this album you are indirectly encouraging abused women to stay in abusive relationships.  Don't give this stupid woman a cent of your hard-earned money.",2,5,"Nov 28, 2012"
4,"Rihanna's worst album so far.  think she should care more about releasing good albums than an album every year. There are more ballads, unlike most of her previous albums. I liked her new music, but I like her old music better. She tries several different genres in the album, so you will like some songs regardless of your taste. The first few tracks are really stupid, but the rest of the album is not that bad.
Track by track review (a little bit long, so I hope you don't fall asleep):
1. Presh Out The Runway - 0/10 - It just sounds unfinished. Her voice is robotic, the instrumental could have been a lot better, and the lyrics are too stupid and don't make any sense.
2. Diamonds - 8/10 - I didn't really like it at first, but now I think it's pretty good song. The lyrics in the chorus don't make so much sense (are there any diamonds in the sky?) , but overall it's a good and inspirating song. Slower than most of Rihanna's music.
3. Numb (feat. Eminem) - 0/10 - Like in 'Phresh Out The Runway', Rihanna sounds too robotic, and also Eminem couldn't sound weirder in this song. The lyrics are basically 'I'm going numb' repeated several times, which isn't really creative.
4. Pour It Up - 1/10 - Again, Rihanna sounds robotic and weird. The lyrics are too repetitive, does she really have to repeat 'still got my money' in the entire song?
5. Loveeeeeee Song (feat. Future) - 0/10 - Rihanna sounds too robotic (again?) and Future sounds like he wants to kill you when he should sound romantic.
6. Jump - 4/10 - One of the few not-so-bad tracks in the album. Rihanna still sounds a bit robotic, but the composition is pretty enjoyable and the lyrics make some sense, except for the 'ride it, my pony' part that is just an attempt to talk about sex while keeping the track clean.
7. Right Now (feat. David Guetta) - 9/10 - Again, a good track in the album. A good and fun beat and lyrics that actually make sense. Best track in the album.
8. What Now - 7/10 - Nice and unexpected ballad, even though she sounds different from usual. Again, a good track in the album. Slower than most of her songs, which is not really a bad thing in this case.
9. Stay (feat. Mikky Ekko) - 6/10 - Good track, but I didn't really like some of Rihanna's parts, even though it's her song. Mikky Ekko really makes it better. Quite enjoyable if you like ballads.
10. Nobody's Business (feat. Chris Brown) - 8/10 - Even though Chris Brown sounds a bit annoying in this song, it's a pretty good and fun song. The composition is great for the parties, and I really think the lyrics are about some of Rihanna's life.
11. Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary - 7/10 - The song is good. The lyrics are sad, but what's a ballad without sad lyrics? It's like 'Titanic', you feel sad watching/listening to it but you like it anyway.
12. Get It Over With - 2/10 - Streak of good songs successfully broken. Her voice doesn't fit the lyrics, and the metaphor about 'floating in the clouds' doesn't make any sense. The composition is not so bad though.
13. No Love Allowed - 3/10 - The composition is not so good, but the lyrics do make some sense, except for some parts like '911, it's a critical emergency yeah, run run run' that don't really have much to do with dangerous love the rest of the song describes.
14. Lost In Paradise - 8/10 - One of the best tracks in the album. Not a slow ballad, but not really a dance track. Different from anything Rihanna's ever released. Not quite sure how to describe it.",2,5,"Jan 11, 2013"
10,"Unlike Rihanna waited behind a new concept in Unapologetic compared to their last albums.
Of course it contains some cliches to please the audience, the more the essence is the most notable.
Rihanna shows a remorseless complete in all respects.",2,5,"Nov 27, 2012"
7,"'Unapologetic' is a huge mixed bag off pop, R&B, dubstep, electronic music and soft tunes, which has given comparisons off her 2007 album 'Rated R'. I mean, really does it need reference? its sounds like that album [...] Rihanna has brought a demure and confident collection off songs since 'Rated R', but she sounds so confused and lost in the lyrical depth and its meanings... maybe something less explicit and uneven next time. But, its sure a hit.'",3,8,"Nov 19, 2012"
3,"NOVEMBER 2011: Overall, Talk That Talk is a poor effort. While there are still some highlights, the album is a huge downgrade compared to her previous albums. I wouldn't surprised if she does another album next year.
NOVEMBER 2012: Well, another year has passed and Rihanna has done another album. Big **** surprise there.
After last year's half-assed cheap cash-in piece of **** that is Talk That Talk, you'd think that Rihanna, her songwriters and producers would have learned their lessons from that album and her record label should've let her have a break from the music world for a while. But NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! They have to make another ridiculously rushed product just to cash in on a already ridiculously rushed product.
This album is just **** terrible. The lyrics were boring and repetitive, the music is uninspired and I felt like they wasted Eminem's talent on the track Numb. If you're expecting another Love the Way You Lie from them well don't. Eminem's rapping only lasted 30 seconds. WHAT IS THE **** POINT ON PUTTING HIM ON THE SONG ANYWAY???
Alot of the tracks on this album are just fillers and uninteresting to listen to and I fell asleep half the time.
But the album starts to get good during the second half of the album with tracks like Stay being a nice piano track, Half of Me is a pretty good track pretty much thanks to one of the writers being Emeli Sand and Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary being by far the best track on the album.
But the track Nobody's Business was just disturbing to listen to much due to the fact that it has Chris Brown on the track because well, he beat Rihanna up like a bodybag three years ago. While it has a nice sound and a OK sample usage from Michael Jackson's track The Way You Make Me Feel, you just cannot help but just thinking about the incident at the back of your mind.
Rihanna's vocals on the album is once again a hit and miss. Some tracks she can give out really powerful vocal chords and yet on some of the tracks like Phresh Out the Runway, Pour It Up, Right Now and No Love Allowed I just felt like she was just using one different vocal chord on each of those tracks and it has got really stale.
While it still have some gems, the album as a whole though is just a bore. For most of the album's length, Rihanna's singing is dull, the music is dull and it feels more like a half-assed EP than it is a full length album.
With rushed under-produced tracks, rushed production values, being boring as hell and relentlessly forgettable, Unapologetic is a big mess.
Track Picks:
Diamonds,
Stay,
Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary and
Half of Me
DW Rating:
1.5 stars out of 5",3,8,"Nov 20, 2012"
7,"This is a great album, from the ballads to the pumping dance music. Definitely some amazing production and  vocal delivery. Don't understand why people are hating on her production choices, she's been making gritty dance music, included dubstep, since 2009 (Mad House anyone?). While the Chris Brown track does feel a little forced (yay for controversy and hype) , the song is still good.",3,8,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"What did Rihanna do? The album cover is terrible. The songs on the album are terrible. The lyrics of every song are terrible.. The only listenable song is 'Diamonds'  (the remix)    too much party for rihanna",6,17,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"I like Rihanna, but her formula is getting stale. It's almost like she's not needed on the project; she's not the engine behind the album. The main figures on this album seems to be the producers and the host of writers employed. She serves up some urban cuts and sappy ballads. She also collaborates with her beloved, convicted  domestic abuser Chris Brown on the insulting 'Nobodies Business.'  Overall, 1 or 2 ok tracks and the rest same old, same old.",8,23,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"WOW, can't believe that Rihanna will collaborate with a man who abused her and be so nonchalant about it. Her actions are irresponsible and sends the wrong message to her young fans. She should be setting a better example. Other than that, the music doesn't live up to the hype. It doesn't contain any of those anthemic hits that brought her stardom and we've grown to love. Overall very rushed and not many good songs. Disappointed in Rihanna and her music.",4,12,"Nov 21, 2012"
0,"Dull, numb and stupid. Rihanna releases a new single accompanied with other 13 songs that don't stand out. Best tracks: Diamonds. Listenable tracks: Pour it Up. Hated tracks: are there any more tracks on this album?",1,3,"Nov 24, 2013"
5,"Sexual lyrics as usual, deteriorated vocals..... mixed review only for the dance singles for Diamonds, Jump Right now. So I guess it is her highest peak....",1,3,"Nov 30, 2012"
3,"I dont know what Rihanna is thinking trying to release a full length album every year. Her quality has gone WAY down even since the release of 'Loud' her last good record. There are only two good songs on this album, 'Stay' and 'Diamonds'. I feel she needs to talk a good 2-3 years and work on the QUALITY of her music again and not just worry about the quantity that she releases.",1,3,"Apr 11, 2013"
1,"The production of this album is just gives a lot to talk about. This Album Is Poor in the lyrics, on the sound, only the vocals is something good on this album. Even the artwork and the essence that this album gives is the same as Talk That Talk and Rated R, She should wait to release her albums a little bit longer.",1,3,"Nov 26, 2012"
5,"Almost all are like fillers and have been rushed. nothing stuck in my head except diamonds and stay. A compilation of rejected album songs...MIXED to NEGATIVE...LOUD, TALK THAT TALK & GOOD GIRL GONE BAD are the best",1,3,"Nov 27, 2012"
8,"After one listen of the latest album however, we can firmly put",1,3,"Nov 27, 2012"
9,"It's a very personal album,more than 'Rated R'! Shows a Other Side of Rihanna 'The Robyn Side'.But The Tracklist is so disorganized and this made a confusion in my head.It's hard for understand the message of the album.",1,3,"Nov 28, 2012"
5,"She writes none of her own music, enough said. Though many artists don't I just cannot believe that someone so 'talent' cannot make an attempt to write their own music. I guess I just miss the days when music was something personal to every artist and bands created everything on their own.",1,3,"Nov 28, 2012"
5,"Rhianna had already been a great pop artist. Some of her songs are in the group of the best in the business. However this newest Rhianna's album is uninteresting and even boring. The album contains a bunch of collaborations, that in my opinion were not very well succeeded. The only very good song of Unapologetic is for me, Diamonds. And Rhianna not even wrote it, it was Sia. So, I think is starting to lose her music skills. Is true that she is the most regular artist in music (7 albums in 7 years), but I think that she should take more time with the creation of an album, and make a better one that the last ones that she made. I know that she is able to create great songs, she just needs more time.",1,3,"Dec 15, 2012"
1,"Rihanna Has Proven In The Past To Make Good Albums (Loud, And Talk That Talk)
But Sadly This Album Is By Far A Major Low Point In Her Music Carrer.. If Every Song Was Like Diamonds And Mother Marry I Would Give It A 10! I Only Liked Two Songs, I'm Being Very Harsh Because She Can Do So Much Better!",1,3,"Dec 23, 2012"
10,"YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee HUNTY.",1,3,"Aug 25, 2014"
4,"This album, like all other Rihanna albums, seems rushed and is full of album fillers. There are two stand out songs, 'Diamond' and 'Half of Me'. Shocking as it may, 'Numb' featuring Eminem is the most disappointing.",5,17,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"What did Rihanna do?
Let's just start from the basics. The album cover is terrible. The songs on the album are terrible. The lyrics of every song are terrible. She needs new writers, or to just start writing her songs.
The only listenable songs are 'Diamonds', 'Lost in Paradise', and 'Nobody's Business'. Don't bother buying the rest.",5,18,"Nov 19, 2012"
7,"Well, Rihanna is back again. This time though, releasing an album which is surprisingly personal, dissing fans and critics that criticised her on again and off again relationship to her abusive beau, Chris Brown. Much better than her previous album last year, the pop diva storms the chart with one of her best singles yet, 'Diamonds'.  While the rest of the songs don't live up to this single, it is a good effort from one of the more popular singers out there.",1,4,"Jan  6, 2013"
10,"This album is amazing, its not as good as Loud, but to be honest i really dont think she'll ever make an album like that again. If you are looking for the future billboard hits check all the songs from track 7 they are marvelous. However, my favorite songs on the album are track 11 and 15.
My advice to anyone is to buy the album.",1,5,"Nov 27, 2012"
6,"My review: First of all: I am NOT her biggest fan but i wanted to give her a try.
Phresh Out The Runway: Just one word: Sh*t. 0/10
Diamonds: Her lead single was really good. I expected a lot of David Guetta but her producers made a really good single. Nice Work!  9/10
Numb: Ok, Eminems part is tooo short. If you want a 'Love the Way you lie - Feeling', you are wrong. 5/10
Pour it up: oookay Rihanna and producers. Use different beats,please.... 3/10
Loveeeeeee Song: I don't know that guy and i don't like this voice but Rihanna's part is really cool. 7/10
Jump: Okay, but thats all 5/10
Right Now: I want to be honest.Right Now, i get headache. 1/10
What Now: A cool song but she cries a little to much. This song has energy!! 7/10
Stay: Amazing. Do it just like that. You don't need David Guetta trash. 10/10
Nobody's Business: I don't like Chris Brown but this song is danceable. 6/10
Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary:  7 minutes, a loooong song but not the highlight (which is Stay). 5/10
Get over it: Yeah Rihanna, Thats your style! 9/10
No Love Allowed. Your dance hall carrier is over. Too sad. 6/10
Lost in Paradise: Power full and danceable 8/10
Final points: 5.8 --> 6 points. Her last album 'Talk That Talk' received 3 points... You're getting better Rihanna",1,6,"Nov 22, 2012"
0,"I miss when Rihanna knew how to make great songs and great albuns like ' Loud ' , ' Rated R ' ,Unapologetic is so disapointing . The songs don't have any feeling is just electronical sounds , she should stop for  a while and make good albuns like she used to.",1,7,"Jan 15, 2013"
6,"pitchfork give only 4.5, ouch. so Unapologetic is album without vision or idea. tired of dubstep , reggie, or Guetta sounds 3 albums in a row.. boring. maybe 2 or 3 songs I like only",0,2,"Nov 26, 2012"
2,"in my opinion this is the worst album she has ever released..the only song that i like is stay...! i was expecting sth different..she should release another album this year that will be like her previews ones so we will forget about this so bad album.",0,3,"Mar  4, 2013"
6,"I was dissapointed in this album. some songs were worth listening too such as What Now, Stay, Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary. The rest is okay. Rihanna needs to stop making an album every year and work on better productions and better lyrics instead of trying to hurry and release her albums",0,2,"Dec 10, 2012"
2,"I Love Rihanna! LOUD And Talk That Talk Were Perfect Albums! This Album Is By Far Rihanna's Worst! There Are So Many Things Wrong With This Album But Dubstep Is The Main Issue! Vocally Rihanna Is Still Here Though... Diamond, Stay And Mother Marry Are Great Song... The Rest Belong In A Strip Club's Trash Can.. As A MEGA Fan I'm Really Sad That This Album Sucked!",0,4,"Mar 24, 2013"
2,"'Unapologetic'  Uma Porcaria Rihanna Mal Acaba De Fazer 'Talk That Talk' Em 2011 Que J  Um Disco Muito Ruim Com Turn,Trs Videos E Lana Um Apenas Um Ano Depois Fora Que Tem Uns 3 Meses De Shows Mais 1 Ms De Video Do Cd 'Talk That Talk'  Claro Que No Ia Sair Um Disco Bom S Tem Duas Msicas Boas Diamonds E What Now Mas Nem Essas Duas Salvou O Disco.
E Stay,Lost In Paradise E Right Now  Mediano E O Resto  Insuportvel",0,1,"May 25, 2013"
4,"Is funny how Rihanna's first number one album in the US could be the worst album in her career. This girl is always making the same things in her songs.",0,1,"Jul 11, 2013"
0,"Presh Out The Runway 40/100
Diamonds 90/100
Numb 30/100
Pour It Up 70/100
Loveeeeee Song 30/100
Jump 100/100
Right Now 80/100
What Now 50/100
Stay 60/100
Nobody Business 40/100
Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary 20/100
Get It Over With 40/100
No Love Allowed 30/100
Lost In Paradise 90/100",0,1,"Mar 14, 2015"
0,"I've been everywhere, man
Looking for someone
Someone who can please me
Love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man
Looking for you, babe
Looking for you, babe
Searching for you, babe",0,2,"Jan 29, 2016"
8,"This Rihanna is clearly not at her best; Unapologetic is generally a flat and overproduced, too rushed record. The fact is that one some songs her vocals are good, but the songwriting and producing is lamentable, while on others the lyrics are good enough, but the production really lacks; or the other way round.
Too bad for masterpieces like 'Diamonds' (Rihanna's best song by far, and one of the best of 2010s) or 'Love Without Tragedy'. The balladry on this album is also worth listening to, but both 'Stay' and 'What Now' display a lack of songwriting skills, using dried out cliches and unmatching expressions, used just for the sake of rhyme. There is also some quality r&b music (namely on 'Love Song' and 'Get It Over With'), but the dance numbers from the album are surely the worst; 'Jump' and 'Phresh Out the Runway' are decent enough, but 'Right Now' murders the whole record. Another wrecking ball for the album is 'Nobody's Business', while 'Numb' ft. Eminem is also a dull melody. All the other unmentioned songs are not that bad, but not that good either.
This is actually a step back from her previous albums 'Rated R', 'Loud' and 'Talk That Talk' and pushes Riri back to her dance-hall rooted sophomore album, 'A Girl Like Me'.
8.3/10",0,0,"Oct 26, 2013"
9,"Definitely one of her best, if not the best. The mix of sounds does not affect the cohesion at all. She seems to have found her niche with this. Well done.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2013"
10,"Her best album to be honest. It experiments with electropop, R&B, club music and more, with catchy dance songs like Right Now and Lost In Paradise, urban tracks like Fresh Off The Runway and Pour It Up, ballads like Diamonds, What Now and Stay, reggae in No Love Allowed, retro in Nobody's Business and experimental tracks like Numb and Jump. The album truly delivers, it takes the listener on a journey. Rated R was her best album until this one.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2013"
10,"Unapologetic is one of the Rihanna's best albums and consequently one of the best albums of 2012, this is because of a range of factors: There are a wide range of genres used such as pop, rock, and even frequent dubstep/baseline breaks in some of her songs. It reveals Rihanna's soft side in songs such as ''Stay'' and ''Loveeee song'', and ''Diamonds'' as well as playing up her 'Bad' girl attitude in songs such as ''Phresh out the runway'' and ''Pour it up''. Almost every song in this album is fantastic and on a very high level, she used a range of featured artist including the fan favorite Eminem. The only problem with this album is that it is very addictive.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2013"
4,"The quick and dirty of this album is: There are 14 songs and only four ones worth listening to. 'Diamonds' is a classic song of our era (congrats to Rihanna and Sia--the songwriter) The reason I gave this album four is because even though this album has four out of fourteen good songs, 'Diamonds' is such an epically well constructed and career defining song, it is the same as having 2 or 3 good songs on an album. Beyond 'Diamonds', the other good songs are 'Pour it Up', 'Loveeeeeee Song', and 'Jump' which recycles/re-imagines Ginuwine's hit song 'Pony'. Generally speaking, this album is not a complete album and Rihanna should have just released a few singles.",0,0,"May 22, 2013"
6,"This is not Rihanna's best album, but it also is not her worst. The songs at first glance seem generic and rushed, but addictive nonetheless. Several highlights are Nobody's business, No love allowed, and Right Now. The music is decent on this album, although not Rihanna's highlight",0,0,"Mar  3, 2013"
6,"I read the reviews then listened to the songs. 'One of her worst?' nooo. Not her best but still good. Half of Me, Jump. Diamonds. Phresh Out the Runway, Stay, Right Now, Lost in Paradise. These are good songs whoever said the album is completely terrible. No, it may not be your favorite but this is far from terrible. Rihanna is unique. The lyrics are not like Talk That Talk, Rude Boy, or Hard but are still good. The EDM is perfect besides 1 or 3 give or take. Vocally she's good no real direct autotune.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2013"
10,"'Unapologetic' is an album very sentimental and we can not deny. Rihanna spent over 6 months in the production of this new album with great producers and songwriters. And the songs that stand out are: 'Diamonds' 'Stay' 'Pour It Up' and others. So that is one of the best albums of Rihanna's career, but the RATED R is the best of all.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2013"
10,"A great, diverse album.  It has club bangers like Phresh Out the Runway, Pour It Up and Jump.  It has great ballads like Stay, What Now, Half of Me, and Diamonds, R&B songs like Loveeeeeee Song, and other great standout tracks like Lost In Paradise, Numb, Nobody's Business, Love Without Tragedy/Mother Mary, and No Love Allowed.  Every song on here is great, something that's hard to find in music nowadays but Rihanna seems to deliver more consistently than her peers when it comes to the quality of her albums.  This album has something everyone could enjoy.  Most of these reviews are negative because of her personal life and not the actual quality and content of the album.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2013"
9,"This totally slays all over Talk That Talk. This album is really great! Pour It Up, Stay, Diamonds and Nobody's Buisness  Numb and Jump are the best tracks on the album. Great album!",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
3,"Realmente  difcil escutar isso at o fim pois  pssimo.
Um lixo, inacreditvel alcanar 61 por centos pelos crticos e 216 votos positivos no mnimo merece um voto mixo,mais ou menos mais merece mesmo um voto negativo.Mas os oito crticos que deram votos positivos so inteis,incompetentes e desqualificados de seu cargo.
Top 4
1-What Now
2-Diamonds
3-Stay
4-Lost In Paradise
O resto  lixo musical",0,0,"Dec 23, 2014"
10,"The emotional starkness with 'Stay' combining with the vitality of 'Right Now' and 'Diamonds' makes the phenomenal album of Unapologetic. Give this album a chance, and you will not regret it.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2013"
4,"This album is nothing but a Munford & Son/Dave Matthews clone.  Nothing new or original.  Not really impressed with any track on the record.  Phillips doesn't have that great a voice with limited range, but that doesn't stop anyone in the industry today with the likes of the invention of autotune.",1,1,"Mar 12, 2013"
8,"As the 11th winner of American Idol, we all thought that that show cannot produce more artist with the likes of Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood. But this 'white guy on guitar' proved us wrong. 'The World From The Side of the Moon' is by far the strongest debut album by an 'Idol' winner to date. Almost every track on the album is written by 'Phillips' himself, and considering that it is well-written. 'Gone, Gone, Gone' is my favorite track from the album and SHOULD be a single. The track celebrates love and all the other things you would do for it. Accompanied by an anthem-ic chorus which would leave listeners mesmerized by this tune. 'like a drum my heart never stops beating for you' - mine to, Phillip.",3,4,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"What a wonderful time for this album/CD comes out. Just in time for Christmas!! 'The World From The Side of the Moon' is one of the best written, soulful and sung that is right up there with Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood. Here Phillip Phillips did in just a not even a year as what these awesome ladies as done. Phillips and his musicians as really out done themselves. I and most of his Phanatics do see a great deal of awards in his future. We love how in his life he brings other future artists in. All in all Phillip Phillips is an all around star. Not just musically but as a human being. We love Phillip Phillips and we are very Proud of him here in Albany/Leesburg Georgia!!! Kudos!!! I rate Him a 10 all the way!!!",2,5,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"YOU MUST BUY THIS ALBUM!
Phillip Phillips delivers a 'Mumford & Sons' infused album that is damn good. We all thought the 'WGWG' would end up like the majority of other failed American Idol artists, but this strong album proves that he is here to stay after his hit, 'Home'. There are absolutely no filler songs, with the best being 'Home' and 'Gone, Gone, Gone'. He has written every track, so considering that this album came from an American Idol winner, he did a pretty damn good job.",1,3,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"Phillip Phillips has wowed us all. He has lived up to his promises and more. This album shows us his heart. Done with a down to earth manner, this album represents Phillip well. Bringing back true artists, done well Phillip, done well.",1,3,"Nov 19, 2012"
10,"There is no way to put a label on Phillips' genre of music; it just 'is'.  I expected to like a few songs on his new album, but it's bigger than that - and I think Phillips is going to be bigger than anyone expected. I wish him luck! You see the same players on the charts and their music runs together - it is hard (for me) to distinguish between songs, I don't expect anyone to have that problem with World From the Side of the Moon. My recommendation: Buy it!",1,4,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"THE BEST ALBUM A MALE AMERICAN IDOL WINNER HAS MADE! Its truly a strong and powerful album to listen too with Phillip Phillips Smooth Vocals. Only Four Artists from American Idol have what it takes to have a bright future which is Kelly Clarkson, Carrie Underwood, Haley Reinhart, and now Phillip Phillips.",1,5,"Nov 19, 2012"
4,"My sister asked me to download this album for her. I took a listen, but for me, after two or three decent songs, the rest become a bunch of Phillips' irritating vocals going on and on about nothing. The melodies become bland after awhile also and gel into one big bore.",0,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
9,"Okay, first of all, I need to be honest about one thing that I didn't watch this season of American Idol, mainly because of judges and the Idol winners that they have given us in past few years. Anyway, I did know about the contestants though and Phillip was my favorite from the begining and I wanted him to win. Watching him win the show and giving us the beautiful single 'Home' was more than amazing. I loved the song and I started waiting for his debut album and now that it's here, I gave it a try. This album is brilliant! I never expected an Idol winner to make a record like this one, it's unique, it has strength and soul, and moreover, you can not include it easily in the pop rubbish you get to listen to these days. His voice is captivating as well as his songs has melodies. Best thing about this album is that Phillip has co-written almost all of the songs which is really important for an artist, because an artist can feel more connected to their own songs. My favorite on the album are 'Home', 'So Easy', 'Wicked Game', 'Gone, Gone, Gone', 'Wanted is Love', 'Tell Me a Story' ...Oh, who am I kidding? I love all the songs! This is one of the best Idol debut albums. A must listen for everyone especially for the fans of baroque-pop, folk, and art rock.",0,2,"Nov 20, 2012"
10,"The performer so nice, they named him twice. Phillip Phillips from Leesburg, Georgia is a 22-year-old singer-songwriter and musician. Most notable for his season 11 victory of American Idol, Phillip",0,1,"Nov 20, 2012"
5,"decent album, but you have to keep reminding yourself that its not actually dave matthews singing. it becomes so distracting that its hard to judge the record on its own.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2012"
10,"This is amazing. I don't even need 150 characters to explain why this is amazing. Go check the album out, and you will totally agree with me. Best AI album.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
9,"'The World from the Side of the Moon' features Platinum hit songs 'Home' and 'Gone, Gone, Gone' both entered successfully into the US Billboard Hot 100 inside the Top 40, and both hitting number-one the Adult Contemporary chart. The lyrical content is positive, however I wished Interscope would send out some more 'experienced' writers, but still there were plenty of songs I likened, such as 'Man On the Moon', 'Home', 'Gone, Gone, Gone', 'Hold On', 'Where We Came From', 'Drive Me', 'Can't Go Wrong',  and'So Easy'. Vocals on the record were breathtaking on some songs I've listed. I like Phillip Phillips, he's got this special voice that I like, and he seems to be one of the Rising Stars, and one of the most relevant idol contestant since Chris Daughtry and Adam Lambert and as well as Kelly Clarkson. I hope Interscope doesn't ignore him like they did to Nelly Furtado and  50 Cent. He is very good.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2013"
8,"This is a review for 'The Re-Up'. Not the DVD or the other CD 'Roman Reloaded'. Nicki wows me again. 'The Re-Up' is all rap, except for a chorus or two. Really great album. Great collaborators, great songs, great everything.",2,2,"Aug 16, 2013"
9,"Just like anyone else, with 'Pink Friday; Roman Reloaded', i taught that her carrier is over and she's the worst rapper alive. But she proved me wrong. With these 7 new songs you will see the true Nicki, the Nicki without the crazy wigs and bad pop songs. So proud of her.",2,2,"Sep 11, 2013"
3,"With the much unexpected release of The Re-Up, Miss Minaj finally seems to be giving the public what the have been grieving for since the beginning, actually listenable, good music. Following April's Roman Reloaded, Nicki suffered the backlash of a decrease in sales and a bad public perception, as songs such as 'Stupid Ho' and 'Roman Holiday' were chosen as the main form of promotion fro the project. However as the newly released album opens, Listeners are greeted by the delightful sounds of 'Up in Flames' a hard hitting rap track drawing influences from opera. Freedom features inspiration from other tracks from Minaj such as 'Save Me' and 'Here I Am'. Tracks such as 'Hell Yeah' 'High School' and 'The Boys' see Nicki Minaj at her best, recording the right music she should be... great hip hop. However Having Lil' Wayne appear 3 times on one album can be quite annoying. 7/10",5,6,"Dec 31, 2012"
10,"Great improve of Minaj! Tracks like 'Up In Flames' and 'I''m Legit' show that Minaj is a treat in rap game. Finally she is finding her right path, hope she continues improving because she still can do more.",2,3,"Jul 10, 2013"
10,"awesome album!!! the songs on it are really good and unique. every thing about this album i love. If you like pop and rap music then you will probably like this album.",2,3,"Oct 19, 2013"
10,"Nicki proved to be the Rap Queen with the fast songs. On the other hand, slow verses with deep messages explain why she is so talented as an artist. Good re-release",4,7,"Nov 28, 2012"
10,"The Re-Up is everything you could ask for in Nicki. She blends singing and rapping so well without using the dance tracks to satisfy some hip-hop fans. The songs Freedom, The Boys, and Va Va Voom are something that both genres can listen to without judging its true genre. I really like Up In Flames as wel. It reminds me of something Kayne West would put out. A very critical acclaim track could win a grammy. The other 4 songs(High School, Hell Yeah, I'm Legit, and I Endose These Strippers) cater to the hip-hop fans that fell in love with her during her mixtape days.
Another thing I love is that none of the features overshadow her unlike her previous work!!!!",12,22,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"Well, surprising The Re-Up is good, this is the Nicki that i love, there's a few weak tracks, but is Minaj at her best! My favorites are the epic Up In Flames and Freedom, her redemption song? Good Collaborations like The Boys and Hell Yeah, the typical and bombastic hit Va Va Voom (better than the crap Starships) and obvious the worst track I Endorse These Strippers, not mention to Lil Wayne (he sucks and ruined it all). But rectifies certain initial errors, yes!",8,15,"Nov 21, 2012"
9,"'Now quite revealing, i'm not a R&B and Hip-Hop fan. I didn't really give my best of listening to much R&B or hip-hop music probably since I was three to be exact. But ever since I heard of Nicki Minaj, I absolutely loved her! [...] She brings a fun, outragous, funny and sometimes serious tone [...] Overall, Nicki has set the album clear. Its both a pop album and Hip-Hop album. Not bad by any means and sounds great, but sounds more incomplete.'",5,10,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"Her best work to date!!! Very well put together, especially 'High School' & 'Up In Flames' This is definetly an album for her Hip Hop & R&B fans!!! Just an amazing album altogether and you can see the growth. Very. very nice.",5,10,"Nov 21, 2012"
10,"It's exactly what 'Roman Reloaded' SHOULD'VE been in the first place! It's an evolved version of 'Pink Friday,' with a nastier flow and great lines. She goes for it all and blends all singing into her raps effortlessly. The pop elements that bogged down 'Roman Reloaded' are largely ditched, though she manages to make a spectacular Super Bass 2.0 in 'Va Va Voom.' She switches up every song, and often inside the song multiple times ('I'm Legit'). This has some great hits, so give it a chance before writing Nicki off as a pop novelty.",3,6,"Nov 23, 2012"
9,"Really good she did a great job with the new tracks ! It brings a great balance to what she did with Roman Reloaded. I wasn't mad at her for doing pop music it actually sounded good. She proved she can do both.",2,4,"Dec  3, 2012"
10,"Good body of work, from the the choir assisted Up in Flames to pop songs like Va Va Voom, she should've released it as an ep Though, but yeah it's really good.",2,4,"Nov 28, 2012"
10,"This EP is absolutely amazing. this is old school nicki clashing with the new nicki and she really brings her A game on this album. I cant wait whats in store for her next album",1,2,"Dec 10, 2012"
10,"Once More Nicki Blows Me Away!",1,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
5,"Not good at all. This album isn't really good. I root for High School though, that is one of her best tracks. I like her pop-rap better than rap itself. She should just do PF:RR or PF type of music, not this. 1/2 score because of High School.",1,2,"May 12, 2013"
0,"This 'music' is pretty horrible as does her face and her teammates. Whoever reviewed this  with a positive review should NOW open youtube and listen to Lil' Kim, Queen Latifah, Left Eye, M.I.A., etc, all night long. This is very very bad.",1,2,"Jan  3, 2014"
10,"NICKI MINAJ DID A great job!!!! i love  roman reloaded the -RE-UP!!!!! I LOVE HOW SHE RAPS AND IS THE BADEST IN THE GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!!! LOVE THE RE-UP!!!!!",4,10,"Nov 25, 2012"
1,"TRASH! Annoying, boring, repetitive, boring, basic, nothing, boring, boring! She acts like a crazy person and keep on screaming on her songs, the hole album is trash, trash and more trash, burn it if you have one okay?",2,5,"Mar 16, 2013"
0,"i'm not exaggerating. My hears hurt after listening to this. The songs suck. Nicki Minaj... I'm not sure what the hell she is. She's worries about the problems of a 13 year old ans I think she might be a couple hundred years old and survives by feeding people her horrible excuse for music.",2,5,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"Awesome! I love Nicki rap. She's amazing, and this album is epic. The Re Up means quality. I don't like Nicki pop, and i'm glad to see Old Nicki's back. I love it.",9,23,"Nov 21, 2012"
0,"there is nothing new as it continues to be re released with new music that keeps changing the title. not impressed. she can do much better but its going to be a while",3,8,"Nov 27, 2012"
4,"A failed attempt at a return to form. Her flow is as good as ever but the production really weighs the EP down and it just drags. Maybe she'll get the perfect mix of both next time.",3,9,"Sep 12, 2013"
0,"It seems that she gave up to join the pop, saw that it would not work 100% and decided to rap? it is not a bad rapper, she is terrible, please. she should stop relaunch their only album and try to do something that really pay, even making sure she will be very difficult to make a good album, I wish her luck.",3,9,"Nov 27, 2012"
0,"After achieving tons of fans and selling tons of singles, Nicki Minaj tries VERY hard to comeback to hip-hop. Well, it's maybe too late.
Recognized by many as 'pop singer', or a 'pop star who appeals to hip-hop'  Birdman, this album is completely useless, lazy and unnecessary. COMPLETELY.
Her biggest objective re-releasing Roman Reloaded was going platinum. Whatever, it is still stuck on 855,000 copies.
This is probably the best what we're going to see about her. And is still weak. VERY weak compared to some hip-hop ladies from the past, mainly her nemesis Lil' Kim.
As always, she included a damn pop song  to increase her sales  which was the only charting song on the EP.
Unecessary.",3,9,"Jul 15, 2013"
10,"I love rap music and this cd was great!! Pink friday roman reloaded was good but the Re-up just stood out a lot more than pink Friday. I loved each and every song. GREAT JOB NICKI",2,6,"Dec  1, 2012"
7,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded--the Re-Up deixa de ser um lbum brilhante, para ser apenas mais um da srie Pink...
Ficou muito cansativo, parece que  o mesmo lbum de estreia, aonde tudo sobre Nicki era novo e maravilhoso.
Como no poderia faltar Minaj abusou das parcerias, mas no que isso seja ruim. Na minha viso das parcerias, surgiram as msicas que do um brilho ao CD, so elas: I'm Legit (Feat. Ciara) e I Endorse These Strippers (Feat. Tyga & Brinx).
Em contra partida, uma msica que poderia ser jogada no lixo  Hell Yeah (Feat. Parker).",1,3,"Apr  9, 2013"
9,"You know I was skeptical in listening to this collection, but surprisingly, it's a great set of music. The Re-Up completely reassured me of how great of an artist Nicki can be.
Stand-out tracks include: Up in Flames, Hell Yeah, and High School.",1,3,"Apr 21, 2013"
0,"I heard one song  and face palmed, she literally started out as a great rapper and now resorted to generic  auto-tuned pop rubbish to gain a larger following,  Hip-hop followers have literally just turned their back on her as she some what sold out. The re-up made me lose faith in hip-hop all together, Poor lyricism, poor flow  lack of creativity. Pure rubbish.",1,3,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"This is the worst album released this year. Her material keeps getting worse and worse. I rooted for her in the beginning, but now it's tragic. This might very well be the last album she releases because no one wants to buy them anymore.",3,10,"Nov 27, 2012"
0,"This is even worse than the original Roman Reloaded. More hollow generic rap/pop songs. Nicki sucks as a rapper and singer. Don't waste your money on this steaming pile of ****",2,8,"Dec  3, 2012"
0,"Wow another clown in the circus of freaks. Tasteless...",2,9,"May 17, 2013"
3,"Nicki Minaj's Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded  The Re-Up EP is an annoying, profane and is in bad taste. It may provide some half-decent tunes at times, but most of this EP is filled with repetitive lyrics and is often boring. Fans of Minaj's work will definitely enjoy this as it is more of the same that they have grown to love, but for people who don't like Minaj's work, why would they like this.",1,8,"Jul  5, 2013"
7,"It's good, but still a decent re-release for Nicki Minaj. I don't know if she's gonna do well on 'American Idol' and getting along with Mariah Carey. I thought the feud is gonna be on and poppin'. Mariah hates Nicki, Nicki hates Mariah, Randy Jackson no longer be a judge on the show. I can't wait for the new Idol in 2013.",0,2,"Dec 16, 2012"
6,"In addition to the already 20-ish songs there are an additional few more new tracks in this re-issue. All up the album is still just OK as there are too many skip-worthy tracks, but at least there are a few stand-outs like the singles.",0,2,"Jan 28, 2013"
6,"Almost every review on her is either bias or too much. I mean every one has a 10 or a 0. Here is a reliable review from someone who heard it without loving her or hating. 27 songs OK that's what Im talking about non-stop party. OK. But Id say half are actually good. Fire Burns, Automatic, Pound the Alarm, Whip It, Starships, Roman Reloaded, Up In Flames, and The Boys are good to listen to. I think Va Va Vome sounds the best and is the only one I actually kept on my computer. Beez In The Trap (If you black) you will love it, I like it. Id say listen before downloading or buying.",0,2,"Mar 20, 2013"
1,"Can't.....comprehend.......the number....of............pink friday albums! what are the critics thinking?  how is this worth your time? it's trash! where is my lighter and gas when i need it most?",0,2,"Dec 26, 2013"
0,"She's a weak, terrible rapper, the worst female rapper to ever join the female rap movement. Even with the fact that her next album is gonna flop and she's gonna disappear forever, what Nicki Minaj did to the female rap movement is totally terrible and very scary.",0,4,"Jan  3, 2014"
10,"Such a great album! IT has sold over 900k copies this month! AND ITS ONLY A RE-RELEASE plus only like 2 stores have been selling it in the US and internationally only on amazon and it was sold out WW. btw love Nicki's body",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
10,"Nicki Godnaj Slayed the basic female Rappers, she is the Queen of Rap/Hip-Hop Music and the princess of Pop, no other super start could ever do this, she is the best rapper of all the time.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2014"
10,"very good album different from what I expected, you can listen to this without having to jump the tracks, strong and beautiful lyrics, Minaj nailed it, Congratulations!",0,0,"May 26, 2014"
10,"Sempre arrasandooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo",0,0,"Jun 16, 2014"
10,"This re-release of Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is great, it's more so something for the FANS and I think that should be noted because a lot of people might not get it. But I loved every track from start to finish.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2014"
10,"Este lbum  um timo relanamento, para um grande lbum. Nicki parece ter evoludo bastante neste lbum, e crescido bastante como artista. Parabns  um de seus maiores trabalhos.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
3,"lixo sonoro lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro  lixo sonoro",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Melhores msicas: Hell Yeah, High School, Freedom, I'm Legit, Up In Flames.
............................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Love this album. She went back to what the fans wanted. And on this album these are songs her fans can relate to.  I am huge Keyshia Cole fan and she did an amazing job on this album.",2,7,"Dec 20, 2012"
10,"Amazing album. I am a BIG Keyshia Cole fan and Trust and Believe is the best song on the album. Amazing work, Keyshia. I could listen to this album forever.",0,5,"May 12, 2013"
10,"The music market is full of boy-bands and male vocalist, so female great vocalist, but what about a girl-group? There are none of them since Spice Girls. And finally a group appeared, make a strong impact in UK and then win The X-Factor one of the most important worldwide reality show. After that, they came with this album that totally contrast her Winner's Single 'Cannonball' and really changed the way we saw a girl-group. 4 Vocalist, totally different in their own way, same as a group, and bring us a pop-catchy, non boring and full of good beats, lyrics with content and out of the bad image a star can show, unique style and also the 4 girls are beautiful without any surgery? C' me on, we have a really NICE group in way to become a huge success, and it won't come by the fact of a relationship with a one direction member, oh no! After it, everybody check what this girls sing and i can tell, more than one gets impacted by their AWESOME vocals. Tracks to be consider: The whole album
Tracks to check out as a possible single: Madhouse, Pretend It's Ok, Stereo Soldier, Red Planet.",2,2,"Dec 19, 2012"
10,"Verdadeiras rainhas, belos vocais, letras maravilhosas, um arranjo encantador, um dos melhores 'primeiro album' que eu ja ouvi!
No  atoa que ganharam o TXF, merecem!",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
0,"This album is horrible.
Most of the music is no good and the vocals that appear are the more Perrie.
Salute to improve on them a bit, but in the DNA they were horrible, unique vocals that were saving were the Perrie and Jade (RIP Leigh and Jesy).
One of the only good songs is Turn Your Face.",2,2,"Mar  9, 2015"
10,"this album is so amazed the song 'how ya doin'' it's perfect
wings,dna,red planet mahouse s2s2s2s2s2s2s2s2s2
going nowhere and red planet zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",1,1,"Jul 30, 2013"
6,"It is good for a debut album but could have been better, the vocal save some songs despite the other to save themselves by themselves.
Highlights: We Are Who We Are and Sterio Soldier
Lows: Madhouse and Love Drunk",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
0,"With tiresome and outdated songs, DNA by Little Mix is one of the worst albums released in 2015. The album does not add anything to the listeners, it is tiring and boring",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
10,"rainhas sambam em 5h vou dar uns 10 aqui pra a nota subir ne rainhas perfeitas gostosas pelo menos foram elas que comporam nao precisaram de outros pra compor album pra ela tipo 5h que precisou hahaha beijos",2,3,"Apr 18, 2015"
0,"pior q o outro ainda lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo lixo",1,3,"Sep 30, 2015"
5,"It might be a decent pop album for the most part, but, when you compare it to works of Britain's most powerful and acclaimed pop act of the last decade  Girls Aloud  you can't help but realise that Little Mix's DNA is somewhat basic at best. It creates no new sounds and unlike the work of Girls Aloud doesn't have any distinctiveness. It's a good pop album, but the power pop created by Girls Aloud (Xenomania) will always be that little bit better.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2013"
8,"Great debut album from these very talented young girls! A nice selection of catchy pop songs lead by the single 'Wings'. They are mostly upbeat songs that get you in nothing but a good mood :)",0,0,"Jan 22, 2013"
8,"Little Mix made a great job in their debut album . They have amazing voices and they really know how to use it and they did a very good job with DNA .",0,0,"Jan 15, 2013"
9,"Amazing album! I'm waiting for May so I can actually get the album, because I live in the US. This is a great album,, and Little Mix are a great band.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
6,"A decent first time effort for X-Factor's winning group Little Mix. The unfortunate truth is that there was a lot of expectations that were not met by this release.  Download: How Ya Doin'?, DNA, Wings.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2013"
7,"A pretty solid start to what has been a highly successful career to date this is a good album leaving them room to build on towards future albums. This proves to me that they are the best girl group since the Spice Girls.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
8,"Mudei de opinio sobre esse lbum, primeiramente tinha achado uma porcaria, e pra avaliar melhor  bom ouvi-lo umas 2/3 vezes, foi isso que eu fiz quando queria ouvir umas msicas diferentes, prestando ateno  bem melhor que o Salute e tem vrios hinos que foi mal compreendidos por min anteriormente.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
4,"A decent effort, nothing special though. Not impressed at all. I don't know why they included Love Drunk or Make You Believe on it, really bad tracks.",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
4,"The album is good, but not great, many songs are boring and with a sickening crash. But is addictive and great songs like Always Be Together and Turn Your Face.
I rule out the album only Case Closed, Going Nowhere, How Ya Doin, Love Drunk, Madhouse, Stereo Soldier. These are songs that spoil the album, taking them the album is perfect.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2015"
10,"THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM OF THE WORLD!! I think that after PCD it's the best album of a girlband and one of the bests of the year. Just Will be the second when album 3 COMES OUT!!! LOOOOOVE THIS ALBUM",0,0,"May  1, 2015"
10,"yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
10,"timo lbum,essas garotas tem vozes lindas e cantam muito bem em Harmonia, esse lbum contm faixas maravilhosas que qualquer um, passaria o dia inteiro escutando.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"The first album . The first success. This girl band is sure to be the most influential of today , it has a voice and a simply outstanding and powerful harmony. There is no comparison between them and 5h , with much better certainty",0,0,"Sep 29, 2015"
0,"What could have been a great album turns into crap when 1D sends a barrel of pure sh*t at our ears. This isn't music, it's sound. The vocals are fairly decent, but the lyrics suck, and the 5 idiots of 1D have no personality at all. This album Direction-sucks.",5,5,"Dec 31, 2012"
3,"Commercially crafted catchiness does little to alleviate the effect of the inane lyrics, and musical backing that makes to effort to be original.  This is 'music of the moment' in the truest sense; it's purpose being to sell easily digestable sound, rather than pushing the genre forward.  It is disapointing that a group with so much power in the industry are not using it to create music with more depth, and creativity.",3,3,"Jan  2, 2013"
10,"Track-by-track review for Take Me Home
1. Live While We",1,1,"Dec  6, 2012"
8,"The Album is good , is 1D style with the fun danceble songs and romantic songs that really get to our hearts , but i like Up All Night more than Take Me Home",1,1,"Jan 15, 2013"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, it's beautiful",1,1,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"There is absolutely no excuse for this group's music. They are in it for the publicity and the money. Nothing they make sounds original or appealing other than to idiotic 5-15 year old twits who think Chris Brown is the  Messiah of the industry. This isn't even worth buying let alone listen to. Churning out the same **** twice really does get people somewhere because of stupid people. Not recommended for anyone with a vendetta against this satanic organization known as a boy-band. **** please. Now I'm gonna go listen to some real music, if you don't mind.",9,13,"Nov 19, 2012"
0,"disgusting teenage sh*t.",2,3,"Feb  5, 2013"
5,"I'm really disappointed with the album actually. I'm not a fan of One Direction, and I believe that are really talented and great singers. But the production of this album comes out not amazingly great. It has good tunes including 'Live While We're Young', 'Kiss Me' and 'C'mon C'mon', but it just sounds repetitive to their previous record. As they stated earlier this year they were going to be more 'edgier, grungier' and have 'more guitars', and I thought it would be a great change. But it didn't manage to do that.
I do like some songs, but it has the same element and aspect as their previous. Sorry guys, try another album with a more different image. Not completely different, just not the same image you have now.",3,6,"Nov 13, 2012"
4,"This album is an album of two halves - the mediocre first half and the horrendously dull second half. Did they really think it would be a good idea to put most of the uptempo songs in the first half? It comes across as a bit full on. Towards the end of the album I had to resist myself from pressing stop. Every single song sounds samey and average... We've heard it all before. Take Me Home features displays very little - if any - artistic growth, and fails to live up to its predecessor.",2,4,"Nov 17, 2012"
3,"One Direction are very less talented than lots of other boy bands in the world, however they think that they are the best. They are always judging The Wanted but they are very much mature, talented and interesting that 1D. The crazy female fans of theirs are immature and hysterical stupid teenagers that don't even know what is music. They only like that obvious and uninteresting songs with vague lyrics that 1D and a lot more bad pop artists today do. If we give them a classic to hear, a rock song, a sound from the 80's or songs with consisting lyrics (real music)  they say that is boring and that they hate it. So One Direction base their talent and music skills in trifling and unintelligent girl's opinions. I wouldn't like to do that but they live in the illusion that they are a great band. So let's live the poor boys alone!",2,4,"Apr 25, 2013"
2,"One Directions tries to make something original and better from their other album, but uses the same love and pop sound to be successful. But fails miserably.",1,2,"Apr 21, 2013"
8,"This Album is better than Up All Night in many ways... I'm not a Directioner, i'm a simple listener, i listen to every kind of music, i found this album worth buying",6,14,"Nov 13, 2012"
10,"This album has really good songs, for example 'Live While We're Young' and 'They Don't Know About Us', but other songs like 'Change My Mind' or 'Last First Kiss' are really bad. Great album, better than Up All Night.",3,9,"Nov 13, 2012"
10,"I think this album is better than Up All Night, no many changes in music, like the boys said, the lyric has changed a little bit but  so funny and enjoyable I really found this album worth buying.  In general is a great album and  dont hesitate to recommend it.",1,3,"Nov 22, 2012"
8,"One Direction have done it again! Live while were young and Little Things are 2 of the best songs by 1D and the great. While Justin Bieber is the worst the One Directioners storm tot the lead with a excellent debut album and usually One Direction are a leader!",1,3,"Jan  8, 2013"
0,"this album is awful   They are a bad boyband and that's for sure  sorry for saying this but for example  Louis Tomlinson doesn't know how to sing at all. They only have fans because they're pretty boys but look at Jonas Brothers and Tokio Hotel  they also had loads of fans  and now anyone knows where they are  and I think that's what will happen to one direction.",1,3,"May  2, 2013"
10,"Take Me Home was extraordinary! it had the best songs and moods. I would highly recommend it! i looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove it!!!!",1,4,"Nov 26, 2012"
10,"One Direction second album is a good album, very catchy and with a good writing. I love listen to them on my car, I feel like Vin Diesel in Fast and Furious when its happened. One of the albums of the year! ;)",1,5,"Nov 18, 2012"
7,"First of all, I'm not a One Direction fan, so I don't think my review should be suspicious. I think the reason most Metacritic users rated this album poorly is because they are biased and it became cool to hate One Direction. My opinion about the album: it's more mature than their previous album (Up All Night), and you'll probably like it (tip: act like it's not One Direction at the first listen) even if you don't really like boybands. Some tracks are ready for the parties while others are calm ballads, so I think it's pretty hard to rate this album overall. It's good because it doesn't matter if you prefer 'party songs' or ballads, you'll probably like some tracks in the album. Track-by-track review (hope you don't fall asleep):
1. Live While We're Young - 10/10 - Best track in the whole album. Their first 'party song', it will probably please anyone. Lyrics a bit shocking because of their public, but they can't get stuck in squeaky clean lyrics and love songs.
2. Kiss You - 8/10 - The beat is good, but the lyrics are really immature and don't fit the beat. Lyrics like 'let me kiss you' are not really a good attempt at becoming mature.
3. Little Things - 2/10 - The beat is terrible and the lyrics are annoying and awfully describe details in a woman's body that no one would ever notice anyway ('You've never loved your stomach or your thighs, the dimples in the back at the bottom of your spine').
4. C'mon, C'mon - 10/10 - Again, a 'party song'. The lyrics are mature without getting shocking and the beat is fun and ready for the parties.
5. Last First Kiss - 9/10 - The beat is good, but the lyrics are confusing. 'Last first kiss', after all, is it last or first? More upbeat than most of their songs, but not really a 'party song'.
6. Heart Attack - 6/10 - The beat is good, but again the lyrics are stupid. Last time I checked, you couldn't get a heart attack because of love. Also, the 'ow!' in the chorus is pretty annoying.
7. Rock Me -7/10 - Good beat, the lyrics actually make some sense, but I didn't really like it. Sounds kind of boring.
8. Change My Mind - 1/10 - They sound like they're almost dying and the lyrics are stupid. If you want to stay, stay, if you wanna go, just go. No need to create a song about it.
9. I Would - 10/10 - Even though the lyrics about stealing someone's boyfriend might be quite shocking to parents, what's a love song without jealousy? More upbeat than most of their songs, while not being exactly a 'party song'.
10. Over Again - 7/10 - The lyrics are pretty smart, but the beat is boring even if you like slow songs.
11. Back For You - 8/10 - The beat is good, but the lyrics are not so smart ('Baby, you don't have to worry, I'll be coming back for you'). Upbeat without being a party song.
12. They Don't Know About Us - 9/10 - Great track, one of those us-against-the-world songs. Pretty much anyone would relate to it.
13. Summer Love - 5/10 - Great beat, but the lyrics are somehow stupid. 'You always will be my summer love' doesn't make any sense at all. What does summer have to do with this?",0,1,"Jan 12, 2013"
9,"In some ways, Take Me Home is better than Up All Night. In other ways, it's simply more of the same, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Overall, it's a satisfying album, that consists mostly of upbeat techno pop songs and slow, emotional romantic ballads.
*Best Song on the Album: Little Things
*Standouts: Kiss You, Live While We're Young, Rock Me, Heart Attack, Summer Love",0,3,"Nov 15, 2012"
10,"Even better then their first album. This band just does not disappoint. Stand out tracks for me are 'Kiss You', 'I Would', 'Summer Love', and 'Little Things' but i love ever track on the album. I cant wait to see what they do next.",0,3,"Nov 17, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing! Usually when it comes to music I don't love an entire album. But I have to say I absolutely adore every single song on this album. So much so that I had to actually illegally download the bonus tracks that weren't available in my country!! I can honestly listen to every track on repeat for hours. Each song brings something different to the table, and the album is complete with catchy dance tunes, slower ballads, some softer singer-songwriter vibe songs, and even some edgier rocky ones. One plus of this album over Up All Night is that there is definitely a more even split of solos on the tracks. You get to hear a lot more of each member, and each member's voice also perfectly suits the section they sing. They're voices are also much stronger on this album. Another plus is that the boys actually have a lot of writing credits themselves on this album. They were a lot more involved with the process and their input shows a noticeable difference. Ed Sheeran also wrote two songs for this album, rather than just one like on Up All Night. Some stand-out tracks for me are: They Don't Know About Us, Little Things, Kiss You, I Would, Over Again, and Irresistible. I genuinely love this entire album and would recommend it to anyone. Even people I know that don't like One Direction have grudgingly admitted to me that they actually like certain songs on the album, and I've caught them singing along in their rooms. Give it a chance!",0,1,"Mar  8, 2013"
6,"This album is good, but there's a few bad song, especially in the Yearbook Edition. Some people is writing negative reviews just because they hate them, but it doesn't matter, they're making money and you're writing a negative review without making money.",0,3,"Jul 11, 2013"
0,"GAY GAy gay gaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygaygayv",0,6,"Apr 26, 2015"
2,"Agradeam as composies de Ed Sheeran, pra conseguir dar ao menos um suspiro de dignidade ao grupo! Canes completamente infantis, falta de maturidade, onde nem mesmo os integrantes se sentem a vontade cantando as msicas deste lbum.  Poor One Direction. ''Take Me Home'' is a holy ****",0,0,"Apr 24, 2015"
7,"I am not a Directioner, but credit must be give where credit is due. Take Me Home is truly and artistic leap foward from Up All Night. Although it may contain what some call fluff, it is still one of the best pop albums this year.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2012"
9,"A Massive Improvement! Vocally This Album Is Flawless!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"Fun, Exciting, & Catchy! This album is thousand times better then their first album. The group has grown up from their first album and I'm sure their next album Midnight Memories will break records!",0,0,"Oct 18, 2013"
8,"What we see here is very simple to understand: pretty and talented boys singing incredibly romantic love and seducing songs.
Take Me Home, second studio album from English-Irish boy band One Direction, is a very entertaining album. Clearly, not much artistic due to a few songs being actually written by any of the boys, but that does not influence much in a bad way. It sounds right. You can't really tell which songs were or weren't written by them. Most lyrics are fine enough to get to your heart. There's no way you won't fall in love with these pretty guys after actually listening to this. Specially Change My Mind, Nobody Compares, Last First Kiss, Loved You First and They Don't Know About Us.
If romantic lyrics aren't your main thing, you can just close your eyes and listen to these very beautiful voices we've got here. Not only do they have pretty singing abilities, but they also have 5 distinct and magical voices that, together, sound just right.
This is not just pretty boys we're talking about. It's good music, definitely!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2013"
6,"It's still OK. It's better than Up All Night. Although now I'm not a Directioner, I recommend this album. (Just album, not the One Direction.) The lyrics are better than their first album.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2013"
1,"I will continue to bash their albums as they aren't awful they are diabolical like with all their other albums I listened to them once and simply regretted it. I won't pick a song you should listen to all I can say is don't listen to this album.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, patro do Up all night, s They dont know about us pisa, amo forte",0,0,"Oct 24, 2015"
8,"i like this album but this is not one of they're best album i like midnight memories and four way better than this album, yes it's catchy and good but it's not of they're best album so if your not a Directioner i suggest you to listen to midnight memories or four album",0,0,"Jan 30, 2015"
9,"It is a good album, but it is not the best, thesongs are very cool, this is my 3 favorite album. Midnight Memories > Four> TMH> UAN. This album is great, lovely but it is not the best",0,0,"Apr 24, 2015"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
1,"eard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstrehjjjjjjjjjjjjjj",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
8,"This album is an intriguing case but overall it's one I personally enjoy.  For Ne-Yo it demonstrates two things.  The first is his diversity as an artist.  This album features various stylistic departures from his tried and true smooth RnB.  From the dynamic upbeat pop tracks like Let Me Love You and Let's Go, to the RnB/country hybrid She Is ft Tim McGraw.  This isn't to say that there aren't those classic RnB tracks and ballads us Ne-Yo loves have grown attached to.  Tracks like Cracks in Mr Perfect, Lazy Love, Stress Reliever and Jealous are prime examples of that.  The second is how he has matured as both an artist and a person.  For example the first song, Cracks in Mr Perfect, is all about him acknowledging his personal flaws and as it winds down towards the end it becomes about self acceptance.  As for the vocals, Ne-Yo sounds as silky smooth as ever.  Particularly on the slower paced tracks.  He makes it sound rather effortless at points.  There is one critique I do have with the album though, and it's that it can feel a little inconsistent.  He's tried so many things and shown off his diversity, but as a result the album doesn't quite define itself particularly well.  This is something that will definitely both a good few people and may alienate them from considering buying the album, but I personally don't find it to be a big deal in the long term since there are definitely some excellent songs that offer a real sense of progression for Ne-Yo as an artist.  I think the bottom line is, a fair few Ne-Yo fans may look at this album and think it's a back track from what Ne-Yo used to be.  That the old Ne-Yo isn't really present but it's actually quite the opposite.  It's a definite step forward for Ne-Yo.  A new Ne-Yo that both acknowledges what he's done before and tries to do something new.  Some may love it, some may not but I personally think this is a real great collection of songs.  So do yourself a favour, and find the beauty in your cracks.",2,2,"Nov  7, 2012"
7,"I'm a big Ne-Yo fan but this actually is not my favorite Ne-Yo album. It got many good singles, but putting them at all I feel a kind of inconsistency, both among the singles and with its title. It would be better to call it a 'collection' rather than an 'album'. Maybe I would give this a 5 or 6 if its not Ne-Yo's work. He was just over-concerned about returning to the edge and that unfortunately blinded his eyes. Hope he will truly 'coming back' at next album.",2,2,"Nov  7, 2012"
7,"This album, almost every song, sounds the same. I think the type of sound started with his release of a song called 'Beautiful Monster' maybe a year ago-which was pretty successful overseas. Kinda electronic/clubby/techno sound. None the less listening to this entire album at one time is painful. Having siad that there were a few songs I took from the album that I Liked.",0,1,"Nov 11, 2012"
4,"Ne-Yo needs to learn how to make better music. This generic dance crap isn't going to cut it for 2 much longer. Try a ballad or something, they're becoming big. Mixed reactions.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
5,"Ne-Yo loses his R&B style, but fortunately not his talent. This is a pop album, with some dance and R&B tracks, if the project was do something that can make happy pop-fans and R&B-fans, Ne-Yo failed, this album   hasn't what he needs, scilicet chatchy songs.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2016"
5,"This is actually a pretty good album. I love tracks like All The Way & Bring Me Life. They are what JLS are about... However, there are also quite a few average tracks on there... And they drag it down quite a lot, including Gotta Try It. That is very poor, but I've heard worse JLS Albums  This is average overall",0,0,"Apr 30, 2013"
4,"This music is rather competently made, but 90% of the music is uninspired. This music was 100% made for the lowest common denominator listener, especially drunk college students. Considering the amount of talented singers on this album, they add almost nothing to the tracks which are inherently stiff and uninteresting music, with the levels to everything turned all the way up. The songs on this album have no appeal other than being really loud and regular, so that if you are trying to dance when drunk, you are likely to be able to dance on beat. This music is basically background music turned up really loud.",3,3,"Feb  4, 2013"
10,"Just seeing the greatest british artists and others(rihanna) and the special tune of Calvin Harris makes this album perfect. In the next album, he has to create more songs like Feel so Close, his voice is so deep and folk that stays wonderful with the electro",1,1,"Dec 15, 2012"
10,"Just forget what the critics say, this album is AMAZING. Look at the user reviews for proof. This album is full of dance gems, which will never EVER be forgotten. Amazing album, really should have better reception!",3,4,"May 12, 2013"
1,"It's really sad when you wait for an album for so long, and when it comes, you only like one song. 'Bounce' with Kelis is that song. The rest of the 'album' I can throw in the garbage bin.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2013"
1,"18 Months seems more like a compilation album than an actual album. The singles are on par with Harris' previous works, but the rest are simply horrible produced, barely registering with the listener. It is without a doubt that the strongest songs on the album are the singles, all featuring guest vocals for one. This album is generic and derivative in nature, perhaps fitting for commercial success, but unlikely to be retained in the public 's memory for long. It is simply an album to dance to, with little artistic value. Compared with Harris' previous album, this album is overproduced and sacrifices creativity for mainstream success. Judging by the commercial sales of this album, it is unfortunate that this is the direction Harris will be heading in the future.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
5,"This guy said that making pop songs was easier than making a sandwich. Well, now I see why he said that. The album? Uninspired forgettable generic tracks. The only track here that is not going be forgotten is 'We Found Love'. 'Let's Go', while weak, may be the seconds best thing on the album, which is something, at least, concerning.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2013"
8,"Calvin created a new style of electronic, I think he's better than David Guetta, him songs makes ballads to relaxing and deep beats. Very worked and simple album.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2013"
6,"Quite good album, the singles are brilliant, but the rest of the songs are forgettable filler which are pure dance music which bores me, so i just listen to the singles",0,0,"Apr 20, 2013"
5,"Electronic dance music (EDM) receiving the commercial attention it hasn't seen since the 90s created a compromise of some sort: although Calvin Harris, David Guetta, Avicii, and Zedd are guaranteed to make some gratuitously, contagiously catchy club anthems, they're uninspiring beyond that. 18 Months has to be one of the safest entries on the market right now. Besides some venturous -- but virtually useless -- solo works, the formula remains the same: have some female -- or occasionally a male or Harris himself -- sing some nonsensically simple lyrics over gleaming choruses before entering the 'drop', which is usually just 3 to 5 chords repeated over and over again. Harris' earlier material might have fallen into that category as well, but at least it sounded somewhat refreshing at the time. If it weren't for featured collaborations coming from modern mainstream vocal machines such as Ellie Goulding, Florence Welch, Ne-Yo, or Rihanna, this album wouldn't have made the impact it's made.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2014"
8,"I was overly excited to when 18 Months finally released! One thing I didn't like is that I kinda knew what was coming because of all the singles that were released before the actual release. They were all great songs although he only sang in one song! Still, its a great album. Best tracks in my opinion: Feel So Close, Sweet Nothing, Lets Go",0,0,"Jul 10, 2013"
4,"You know I was a little disappointed because some of the songs were just lacking personality. I loved Calvin's beats and I think Calvin is one of the best in his business. But lets be honest here this album was a disappointment. The stand outs sweet nothing and I need your love. But the rest are not special. Sorry Calvin",0,0,"Nov  3, 2013"
7,"The album is a very interesting take on progressive house sound. There are several tracks that appeal strongly: 'Feel So Close', 'We'll Be Coming Back', 'Drinking from the Bottle', 'Sweet Nothing', and sure, 'We Found Love'. Harris' production is smooth and dynamics, though when lyrics and vocals come into play some don't work out really well, especially the Ne-Yo featured track, 'Let's Go'. The album is enjoyable but only half of it is great.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2013"
1,"Yawn. That sums up this album in one word. This was something I regretted listening to and something that is on the borderline of whether it is proper music or not.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"Guys, this album is and will always be a dance music classic!
This album is Outstanding for Pop and EDM music.
Love the drops and the collabs are cool too
not much to say but the album is fantastic.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Taylor Swift is one of the Greatest songwriters of Our generation. I have listened to the whole album and this album actually has a more Country Rock feel to it rather than her usual Country Pop sound. This is the most mature album of her career and its worth every penny. I have to give Taylor credit for this album, she has grown and mastered the art of being a true artist. Taylor has a mix of Country, Pop, and Rock songs but that doesn't mean she's left her County roots. Songs like 'Stay Stay Stay,' 'I Almost Do,' and 'Begin Again' remind us why Taylor is wining in the Country World right now.",18,32,"Oct 22, 2012"
8,"I had to wait until I made this review. The thing is that this is not a country album, Taylor is not a country singer anymore. Just now I can review this album as a pop album. And it is good. It has very good music on it, catchy songs and others to those elder fans wanting more country songs. Her talent has been showed again, lyrics are good and there's also a 'like-dubstep' song and even something of rock, like the first track. In the end, comparing this album to the others, it's not that good, but it is not that good because the others were by far, amazing. She still shines, so as the CD.",3,3,"Nov 28, 2012"
7,"Taylor is a very talented artist but in this album she got out of her confort zone wich is Country  and i think she did a great job , however vocaly she is not a great singer but the way she talks about her life and her story trought the songs is very beautiful .",2,2,"Jan 16, 2013"
10,"Album of the year!
RED includes two or three weak songs, BUT there's 14 Amazing songs in there!
State of grace, I almost do, All too well.... This album was absolutely one of the best albums of the year",2,2,"Feb 27, 2013"
10,"Taylor Swift has showed with this album that she is a musical force that is here to stay. Her ability to capture her state of mind at a particular moment, match it with an insanely catchy melody and then allow listeners a glimpse of it while not being overly navel gazing or overly introspective is unmatched.
Say what you will, her ability to churn out solid songs with frightening dependability will see her in good stead for years to come and ensure that she does not remain a footnote in music history.
Those who decry her seemingly immature subject matter don't get it. Taylor is the consummate truth-teller in her songs. She does not put on a false persona or fake a situation in order for emo points. She tells her life in her lyrics and allows her listeners in on her private inner thought-life.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2012"
7,"I am gonna be honest here, I have always liked Taylor Swift and I still do.  It is kind of a shame that Swift went to 90% pop and 10% country rather than her other albums which were the other way around.  Her lyrics remain basically unchanged though.  This album is still good music, although fans who want more of the same T Swift country music will likely be disappointed.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2012"
10,"RED
The album is a blend of country, country pop and alternative songs.
SHE IS STILL COUNTRY - every song has country influences and you can hear them. Country is defined as story telling and you learn so much about her life from the 19 songs (including Deluxe Version). People that slate this album aren't being fair. Its her 4th album and you cant expect her to stick just to country she has to expand and grow as an artist and this album showcases her move into new country influenced genres.",1,1,"Jun 28, 2014"
8,"One of the best album, this transition from almost complete pop pro Taylor made great music, good to hear and in a soft voice like hers do not have to get sick from that album, so good.
Highlights: I Knew You Were Trouble and Holy Ground
Lows: Treacherous (Demo) and The Moment I Knew",1,1,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"LBUM DO SCULO REI DA DISCOGRAFIA JUNTO COM O SPEAK NOW DOIS REIS
TAYLOR RAINHA NO COUNTRY E NO POP VO TER QUE ACEITAR A SUPREMACIA DA RAINHA
MEU MUNDO",1,1,"May 11, 2015"
9,"Taylor Swift may not have a great voice, however she is a good singer and especially a very good songwriter. This is, without any doubt the best Taylor's album till date. We find in some beautiful romantic songs the talent for the lyrics like in 'All Too Well', 'Begin Again' and 'I Almost Do'. But we can find too, some very powerful pop songs like 'We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together', 'I Knew You Were Trouble' and '22'. Taylor is very much pop and I don't think that's a bad thing, her style is country pop and she do it very well. And to finish, this is absolutely the most mature Taylor's album ever.",4,5,"Dec 14, 2012"
10,"Great effort and full of surprise! Heart-touching country ballad - like I ALMOST DO and BEGIN AGAIN; The song with the best lyrics (descriptive/narrative) - like ALL TOO WELL; Funny country song - like STAY STAY STAY; Best country-pop stuff (a good combination of Country music and Pop/Rock music) - like RED; Good Duet - like EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED; Surprising breakthrough - like I KNEW YOU WERE TROUBLE and WE ARE NEVER EVER GETTING BACK TOGETHER.",3,4,"Nov 12, 2012"
8,"I really like how Taylor has step outside of her comfort zone. I really admire her country roots, but with her debut 'Taylor Swift' and 'Fearless'.... it was JUST country and pop rock oriented music. I like how she has taken more control of her music, still staying with country music, but being influenced with dance, pop rock, punk  and teen music. Alot of artists have to follow Swift by exiting their comfort zone and create something new, because if she didn't, her music would be country music with every consecutive album she releases. I think Red is a great album.
I like how also some of her songs don't constantly talk about relationships and explore different genres lyrically and musically. Her hit song 'We are Never Ever Getting Back Together' is a great  teen-party anthem, along with '22' as well. But keeps her country roots with 'Treacherous' and 'Stay Stay Stay' which are cute. But keeps up with the more pop rock influences with 'State of Grace' and the more slower power ballads like 'Holy Ground' and 'The Last Time'. This is definitely Ms Swift's most experimental album and shows good music, not too generic yet not to boring.",8,11,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"Red is a visual album that aims to make its listeners dance. I like the new direction of the album and Taylor's grown-up voice. The collaborations are also good.",6,9,"Oct 23, 2012"
10,"Such an outstanding album, showcases Swift's natural talent in songwriting. Her dabbling in different genres  from pure country, to synth-pop, and to dubstep  not only shows her versatility as an artist, but it seems almost daring and brave. Her progression in songwriting is evident in beautifully-crafted pieces such as Treacherous and Begin Again; and then in All Too Well, she unleashes her best-ever lyrics yet: 'You call me up again just to break me like a promise/So casually cruel in the name of being honest'. As a listener, one minute you're there crying in heart-break, and then suddenly, you're there dancing along to fast-tempo anthems like 22 and We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together. No matter what people say about the album  in a positive or critical way  figures never lie  Red sold 1.2 million copies in its debut week, a feat achieved by less than a handful in music history. The commercial success is a testament of Swift's incredible talent. Red is sure to keep fans just as excited for her next album.",4,6,"Dec 21, 2013"
7,"Musically, Red is certainly many more colors than one, which finds Swift transitioning from Joni Mitchell-esque singer-songstress to Max Martin/Shellback polished pop princess throughout. From its opening U2 influenced arena rocker 'State of Grace' to is closing country ballad 'Begin Again', Red is obviously Swift's idea of experimentation whilst clinging to her signature songwriting about, you guessed it, damned, doomed love. While the majority of Red is often moderately successful at turning Swift into a sassy pop-rock diva (the catchiest example being the dubstep-influenced chorus of 'I Knew You Were Trouble' and the mating of Max Martin/Shellback produced pop with Ke$ha-esque songwriting on '22') and country queen (the 'all-too-familiar' 'All Too Well' that reminiscences on a previous relationship and the folky duet with English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran), the rest of Red plays it too safe with its amount of filler tracks and flourishing cliches that even call back to Swift's 2006 debut album. But in the end, Red is an overall enjoyable listen that may capture some newer listener's attention and remain faithful to longtime fans.",4,6,"Oct 26, 2012"
6,"I am one of the biggest Taylor Swift fans there is, I know her three previous albums word for word and I've saw her live in concert twice now. However, this album did not stand out to me like her albums Fearless and Speak Now did with their beautiful lyrics and exciting production although the songs that I do listen to the most are probably Red, Sad Beautiful Tragic and Begin Again. I was really disappointed how Taylor's clever songwriting did not shine through and left me with sounds that I had heard before that were simply boring and lacklustre. Maybe there are only so many breakups and boyfriends a person can listen to after a while.",4,6,"Oct 26, 2012"
8,"This is a good follow-up to speak now. It may not be a big leap forward but an advance, nonetheless.The mix of different musical styles make the album sound fresh with every play. And Taylor's voice is beginning to show an enormous potential for other, more demanding pieces in the future. If you're not a fan and just a pop music enthusiast, Red will satisfy auditory senses. An enjoyable piece of pop. Red is a winner.",2,3,"Oct 27, 2012"
9,"I wasn't sold at first and was a bit confused by the randomness of style from track to track. But somehow this album grew on me. After listening to it a couple times there's a coherence to the story she's telling here. I would like to see her ditch Max Martin though... She shines much brighter when her songs are her own. I like it. And I'm not usually drawn to sugary pop, and will be much happier listening to the likes of Bon Iver, but there's something in Taylor's music that holds me captivated.",2,3,"Oct 28, 2012"
9,"Speak Now showed that Taylor Swift was becoming one of the strongest songwriters in the business and Red takes her further along this journey. Red is is not as consistent as Speak Now, but the compensation for this is that the good tracks on Red are the best that Swift has ever written. All Too Well is her masterpiece, a strong ballad that tells an intricate story of a love that flames quickly and dies. State of Grace shows Swift getting experimental; many reviewers have compared this song to U2 and the driving drum beat and strong lyrics make it a standout (also check out the acoustic version on the deluxe album  simply gorgeous). Treacherous is probably as sensual as Swift is ever going to get in a song; she sings about being enthralled by a lover over warm-sounding guitar strings. Holy Ground rocks and is probably the happiest break-up song you're ever likely to hear.
These are the songs that are instantly infectious, but there are many other tracks that grow on you over time. I Almost Do, Sad Beautiful Tragic and Begin Again are filled with emotion and Stay Stay Stay and Starlight never fail to raise a smile.
Like any still-young artist should, Swift tries out many musical styles on Red, seeing what fits. The three pop Max Martin singles that have been released are misleading  they're Swift's only forays into pure pop. They work well enough at lightening up the album at the right moments (We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together seems smarter when paired with I Almost Do  the two songs explore different reactions to the same problem) but they're not representative of the whole album at all. The rest of Red contains a mix of rock, acoustic/folk and country. If you appreciate a strong melody, good instrumentals and old-fashioned songwriting that tells three minute stories with each song, you'll find so much to enjoy about Red.",2,3,"Mar 19, 2013"
10,"Taylor always will be a great singer, doesn't matter if she is singing country or pop, her voice is so amazing and the lyrics are great, haters gonna hate...",7,11,"Oct 23, 2012"
10,"I think this is Taylor's finest moment. Her music has matured in the works of something absolutely wonderful. People say she has changed, I just think she has grown up and expressing her talent throughout different genres such as: alternative rock, pop rock, and even dupstep. It's a pretty fantastic albums if you ask me. Why this has a 3.9 on the User score, I have no clue. But, most people are just mad because she isn't the sweet little country girl anymore. She has grown up and I think we should all respect her for her talent.",7,11,"Oct 23, 2012"
9,"This is possibly the best album from Taylor. she brings different kind of genres into just one album and this    property makes it memorable and great.  I personally liked all of the songs but the most ones that i REALLY shocked by are ; Red, Treacherous, I Knew You Were Trouble, All Too Well, 22, The Last Time, Sad Beautiful Tragic & Begin Again",5,8,"Oct 24, 2012"
10,"This is definitely the best mainstream album of the year. The songs are written remarkably well, and the sound is so different from what everyone else is putting out in the industry right now. This is my first time listening to a Taylor Swift record and I didn't expect it to be this great. She is an amazing songwriter at such a young age of 22. Taylor really made me a fan after listening to this album.",14,26,"Oct 22, 2012"
6,"The song writing has taken a turn for the predictable. Musically, she's as diverse as ever, but her lyrics are her anchor this time around. We won't get into how shallow her work has become since majority of her fan base is only concerned with how many sales she can get this time around. The music itself fails to meet expectations.",9,17,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"Fantastic album, reminds me of a female contemporary Paul Simon meets Bob Dylan meets Springsteen with a touch of Alanis Morrisette but in a Taylor Swift way. No one can write music like this girl. She is a class act!!! I love this album already, been listening to it all day. It's a definite lasting artwork. And if you're feeling iffy that it's different let it grow on you because it is a masterpiece!!!!",8,16,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"I just think the Britney Spears fans should stop with this unnecessary repression and stop to give low grades to the disc, which is perfect for a sign and go buy the Femme Fatale, because the album needs to give a big up in sales.",6,12,"Oct 25, 2012"
10,"Left me speechless. I've been a swifty for a long time now. Well, there is no way anyone could compare 'Red' to any of Taylor's previous albums (Speak Now, Fearless..) Because on this one, she tried to change her style a bit which should not be received negatively! She was just trying to spread her wings musically and I'm a huge fan of her courage. Red may not be as lyrically strong as its predecessors, but it's still so Goddamn good and people love it! I personally do. I Salute Taylor for doing such a flawless album. I salute her and I appreciate this new astonishment.. It's sexy, fun and beautifully-done ! Cheers !",4,8,"Oct 29, 2012"
8,"A collection of radio-friendly singles some of which will play top 40, some will play country and some indy. It is produced and tuned up the wazoo so you have to accept that. I enjoyed 12 of the 16 songs and thought 3 of the other 4 were okay. My fave is State of Grace. Disclosure: I love Shania Twain and I like sugar pop.",2,4,"Oct 25, 2012"
8,"RED is an album that is meant to have a much more 'pop' appeal than Swift's previous albums. I have to admit that I am not a fan of Country Music, and Swift's cross over appeal is the reason why she is so famous in the US.  Some of her songs in this album is meant to be pop songs, and for me, and is meant for those who have very little appreciation of country music (such as yours truly).  Give this one a try if Swift's music wasn't your cup of tea before.",1,2,"Nov 24, 2012"
7,"A simply and cute mix of country pop, each song makes you relax, dance and sing alone, a very good work, I'm surprised, this album show music of every times.",1,2,"Mar  9, 2013"
10,"1. State of grace, the first music on Red return to us a good beat, but isn't the best music 7/10. 2. Red, the music album title is the one of three best music on 'Red' 10/10. 3. Treacherous is a calm music, relaxed, good but it's not good like Red or I Knew You Were Trouble 7/10. 4. I knew you were trouble is the first music by Taylor Swift that mix country and dupstep, Taylor is the first artist to do it and I knew you were trouble is the best music on album Red 10/10. 5. All too well has passed for us the characteristic by Taylor 8/10. 6. 22 is the pop music on Red, Taylor knows how do a pop music like 22 9/10. 7. I almost do is, like All too well, the music by Taylor, own Taylor, like the music by Fearlss 8/10. 8. We are never ever getting back together is a good music. But Taylor can do more than Never Ever. Taylor has enchanted world with Never Ever 10/10. 9. Stay Stay Stay is more country music on Red 8/10. 10. The last time ft. Gary Lightbody is a different music, so good 10/10. 11. Holy Ground is the worst music on Red 6/10. 12. Sad beautiful tragic could have a BIG remix, it's so sad 6/10. 13. The lucky one is like Taylor's lucky number, but I think this music could be better the another on Red 7/10. 14. Everything has changed ft. Ed Sheeran is, with I knew you were trouble, the best music on Red, Ed Sheeran helped with a lot of success 10/10. 15. Starlight, I don't like this music 6/10. 16. Begin Again has a PERFECT clip, Taylor knew how to make it, in Paris 10/10...",1,2,"Nov 30, 2012"
8,"I enjoyed the album and think Taylor is taking a step in the right direction. The best songs are still the most stripped ones but you cant deny this girl knows how to write a song even if some of them sound the same.",1,2,"Nov 10, 2012"
10,"amazing experimental album amazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental albumamazing experimental album",1,2,"Jun 10, 2015"
10,"RED showcases the development of Taylor as a singer-songwriter, and almost every song in this album can be a great single. My personal favorite songs are '22', 'I Almost Do' and 'Everything Has Changed', along with the first four promotional singles. This is also a step closer for her to harvest a bunch of awards at the next Grammy !",7,15,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"Red is more than a color on this album, represents so many different emotions. Different styles, different lyrics. This album is so mature than the other stuff that Taylor wrote before. I don't care if she has dance songs like 'we are never...'. For me, this is RED.",7,15,"Oct 22, 2012"
5,"I was a huge fan of Taylor Swift's first three albums. I thought she was an incredibly talented young kid on her first album, and with the releases of her second and third albums, I was convinced she was turning into a genuinely great artist. I still think she can be. She has released some beautiful songs. However, with this new album, she has taken the naive perception people have of her music and her lyrics, and completely gave into that. This album seems to have been made just to make money. The songs seem to have mostly been chosen due to their commercial appeal, while I thought her first three albums demonstrated genuine artistry. Not one of these songs is emotionally powerful, thought provoking, or musically interesting, all of which I could have said about her first three albums. Even the help of hugely talented artists such as Lori McKenna, Mark Foster, and Ed Sheeran didn't really shine through. There were some cute songs on here, but I'd say the only real highlights are The Last Time, featuring Gary Lightbody, and Sad Beautiful Tragic. Nothing else is worth mentioning, but the album overall is cute, and entertaining in the moment. It caters right to the teen and pre-teen female audience, where I felt her other albums catered to them, as well as adults who genuinely like real musicianship and artistry. That was severely lacking here.",13,28,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"I'm a hugeeee Taylor Swift's fan. I love all her work, this album is spectacular and have some of the most beautiful lyrics I've ever heard such as 'All Too Well' and 'Come Back... Be Here'. This album is such a huge risk for Taylor, she's so perfectionist and it shows, this is a five stars album. Thank you Taylor.",2,5,"Oct 27, 2012"
10,"This is an entirely new ground for us Swifties. It's more pop than usual and some of the fans won't be happy, but for me it's an album I won't soon forget. Listening to it makes me remember sad moments, makes me feel like dancing, and feel happy. I was smiling the whole time listening to it. Once again she proves her prowess at writing songs.",2,5,"Oct 31, 2012"
3,"With this album, Taylor Swift has proven that she has become a niche artist. Where once, she walked the line between country and pop, Swift has shifted almost completely to the latter. What has always been her strength is her songwriting, which has made up for a complete lack of original material. In this bloated album, the number of times her lyrics shine through is at a minimum. Tracks like '22' and 'Starlight' are bland and empty seeming to follow more the likes of Ke$ha and Cher Lloyd than any of Swift''s previous tracks. The bright moments, few as they were, remind us of what she could be and in particular, 'All Too Well,' 'I Almost Do,' 'The Last Time,' and 'Sad Beautiful Tragic' stand out. Otherwise, it is an overdone, under-executed album, which is a shame because Swift is capable of much more.",10,28,"Oct 23, 2012"
4,"I'm pretty disappointed about this album. It contains a lot of tracks which are similar, boring and meaningless. I was expecting more of a country style then pop which would make this album stand out. I always valued her ability to write songs but here the lyrics don't shine. There are few songs that actually stand out, like: '' Sad Beautiful Tragic '', which shows how talented this girl is. Overall '' Red '', is weak and typical which would be liked by younger generation. It's an overdone album which is a shame because Swift is capable of something much greater than this.",3,9,"Oct 27, 2012"
10,"I think Red is Taylor's most entertaining album by far. Many people accused Taylor of sounding the same for her past albums, now I think they can't say the same. She has definitely branched out a lot musically. Experimenting with dubstep, playing with pop, indie and rock, it is basically a buffet of genre choices and there is something inside that could appeal to each person. Not only did she improve sonically, her lyrics and songwriting has grown sharper than ever. 'Treacherous', 'All Too Well' are great examples how Taylor has shown growth and maturity in her writing, evoking feelings that few can do with words in a song. Some may criticise her going into pop, but I think her pop songs are more brilliant than most you hear on radio. '22', despite sounding like a brainless pop piece meant for dancing round the bedroom at the surface, it actually conveys the confusing emotions young adults have and I don't think you can easily find a mainstream pop song with such lyrical detail. Even if this album may not be her best album, I think it bodes for more better things to come, hopefully refining her sound yet still keeping her versatility . Who knows, she may be the next Joni Mitchell.",2,6,"Nov  5, 2012"
10,"Mudafans recalcados pq perdero o recorde. Bjos sabor milho. Adeus",1,3,"Oct 28, 2012"
10,"O Album  Otimo,S falta msm o Feat com a Sely mais...Prefiro a taylor Pop do  que country ,vendeu muuuito amooo isso  timo pois cantora que n vende n  nada -n",1,3,"Oct 28, 2012"
5,"The fourth album by American singer Taylor Swift, Red is a blend of country-pop (even very very pop) and teen-love-pop. it is
very good when she made her country, but less good when it makes its pop-candy. Except I Knew Your Trouble., Pop songs are very commonplace, they are not original and they could not be sung anyone. Speaking of I Knew Your Trouble., It is an interesting piece and perhaps the best on the album, because of its electro, pop-rock energy and especially because of dubstep, there are d other interesting album, but they do not accotent this song. But overall the album is as good as Speak Now, but better than Fearless, but I did not say this is the worst album of 2012, but probably not in the top 10. But ultimately, it's your choice to take or not!",1,6,"Nov  8, 2012"
0,"I am at a complete loss for words on how angry I am at the fact that trash like this gets successful. The fact that this horrendous waste of time debuted at #1 is sickening. The fact that this is the biggest opening week for a country album makes me want to do something that I can't even write down on here because it could get me banned from this website. The fact that this album is more successful than even Brad Paisley's most successful album makes me dumbfounded. I think it is time to stop all of this nonsense before it gets out of hand. I hope Taylor Swift does not have another successful album in history. I hope the stupid idiot teenage girls will not fall for this piece of **** and instead pay attention to something that is actually not grating on the soul. Her voice makes me want to HURT myself. It's completely whiny, fake, processed, and horrendous. Her writing is TERRIBLE. How could any of you people on here give her praise on the songwriting on any of her miserable bubble-gum country/pop albums? It's all about the same bull****. 'OH MY BOYFRIEND BROKE UP WITH ME SO I'M GONNA WHINE LIKE AN EMO AND SLIT MY THROAT AND START CRYING LIKE IN THE MUSIC VIDEO FOR WHITE HORSE' 'OH MY FRIENDS HAD SUCH A FUN TIME IN HIGH SCHOOL CRUSHING ON BOYS AND WHINING' 'OMG THAT BOY IS SO HOT BUT THERE'S ANOTHER GIRL OUT THERE THAT LOVES HIM SO IM JUST GONNA GO AND WRITE THIS ANNOYING SONG ABOUT IT AND MAYBE THEN PEOPLE WILL WANT TO CARE ABOUT ME!' I never really go this crazy on any of my albums reviews, but I've come here to put all of this praise to an end. Taylor Swift, please, if you're reading this, please stop and actually write something good. Oh, wait- that will never happen, because Taylor Swift is a miserable HACK. She is a horrendous... HORRENDOUS singer, and she is a terrible songwriter. She doesn't deserve any of the accolades that she is given. She doesn't deserve any of the success she is given. This album doesn't deserve the high-selling opening week that it had. It deserves to be abandoned in a burnt log cabin and never brought up in the media again until Judgement Day.",1,8,"Jan  3, 2013"
0,"I'm Sorry To Say This Is My Least Favorite Album Of 2012.. She Cant Sing, Some Of The Worst Lyrics I'v Ever Heard.. 1 Word For Taylor Swift's RED: Overrated",1,8,"Dec 23, 2012"
9,"People just don;t understand Taylor. Taylor deserves to be able to do whatever the hell she wants with her music, but she also knows it can't be dumb, trashy pop. With Red, Taylor shows us how versatile she really is. This album is Taylor at her most mature. Especially in State Of Grace, where Taylor sings about sex for the first time in her career. Max Martin helps her write some amazingly catchy songs and produces some awesome beats that still contain a country influence. 22 is probably the catchiest moment in the whole album and her most blatantly straightforward pop song ever. But there's more to Red, she still comes back to her roots in songs like the colorful (ahem.) Red, the marvelously written (and best lyrical moment) All Too Well, and the adorkable Stay Stay Stay. So, Taylor is not trying to be like everybody else because as far as her lyrics show, she's very unique and genuine. She also doesn't just experiment with arena rock-esque, dubstep, and dance-pop genres, but she has a more ethereal sound in The Last Time and a bit of a folk hip hop beat in Everything Has Changed. Also, there are some big similarities between the work on Some Nights by Fun. and the tracks Holy Ground and The Lucky One, which were so amazingly produced by Jeff Bhasker who pretty much produced all of Some Nights by Fun. Throughout the whole album, Taylor's lyrics are strong and effective and she really is the best songwriter of her generation. She also may not have the most soulful voice in the history of music, but she can get past two octaves pretty easily. But when lyrics are this good, who cares? Overall, Red is amazing. Her best album to date, for sure. HIGHLIGHTS: State Of Grace, I Knew You Were Trouble, All Too Well, 22, The Last Time, Holy Ground
SONGS THAT ARE TO BE SKIPPED: Sad Beautiful Tragic",0,1,"Nov  9, 2012"
3,"Taylor's newest album is nothing like her previous ones.  In the past, she had her own style of song, but with Red she adopted the stop motion jerky rhythm of other, lesser singers, and it does not work well with her voice at all.  I highly recommend listening to the tracks on Red on www.youtube.com or www.vevo.com before you buy the album or any of the tracks on it.",0,5,"Dec 15, 2012"
0,"I fail to see what's supposed to be so good about this record. It doesn't deserve all the hype. Bland and just boring in general. There's much better country, let alone pop, to be found.",0,8,"Sep 12, 2013"
0,"huge fan at first but this is just awful. from the very bland acoustic/country tracks that have been done by everyone else and taylor herself. sounds redone.rehashed,reductive. no just no. some standout tracks like red,state of grace and begin again save the album from trash. but everything else is just worth puking over but it looks like someone already did.",0,11,"Apr  4, 2013"
0,"Taylor Swift! OMG drop acid to my ears, shoot me in the head, but spare me from the dumbness of this woman. Crap music, crap personality, a dumb person, sad! People support this freak with money, but this is how masses think...",0,4,"May 21, 2013"
10,"this was a really good listen, and I am actually going to buy this album and then make sure I listen to her past albums as well because I",0,1,"Nov 19, 2012"
1,"One for effort. This album is a huge disappointment to me. 'We're Never Ever Getting Back Together' proves my point. She used to actually write her songs, with incredible lyrics! This album is still Taylor Swift, but she is doing what everyone else is doing; she's just listening to the record label. Her music is getting more generic everyday.",0,6,"Feb  2, 2013"
2,"Taylor Swift, YOU ARE NOT IN MIDDLE SCHOOL ANYMORE, NO ONE CARES IF YOU KNEW HE WAS TROUBLE YOUR GONNA BREAKUP AND WRITE ANOTHER FAKE (POP) COUNRTY SONG WITH NO LYRICAL ADVANCES OR MUSICAL THEN MOVE RIGHT ON TO THE NEXT GUY YOU WHORE AROUND WITH TO MAKE SOME MONEY. Let's be honest here Taylor has an ight voice nothing special, but it could be like 20 songs on the album and 17 are breakup, I hate you, you hurt me, its over songs. She isn't conutry just cause she adds a fiddle or two doesnt count. Thats like saying Miley Cyrus is country her voice is her songs are pure pop. At least Demi Lovato could be called a Rocker 'Rock' Chick. Her first 2 albums were mainly rock songs with more of a pop sound. Taylor you need to grow up Miley Cyrus has a husband and you still have 18 boyfriends. You can write but who ever said 'One of the greatest songwriters of our generation' should fall back now she can write a breakup song or 'love' song that usually end up being bad or heard before. Im sure Lindsy Lohan and Hilary Duff albums sound better then this crap fest. Sorry If Ive offended anyone but she needs to grow up stop dating more then 10 guys a year, writing crappy breakup songs and be mature. Damn even 'Can't Be Tamed' was more mature with songs like Robot, Liberty Walk, Forgiveness and Love etc.",0,4,"Apr 22, 2013"
6,"To thousands of screaming teenage girlsand a fair share of seedy menTaylor Swift is a hero. They want to be her. They hate the Harry Styleses/Connor Kennedys/ Taylor Lautners/ John Mayers of the world. Personally, I dont see it. I mean, Id definitely try to chat her up if I saw her in a ba, but to me her music represents the relentless homogenization of the pop charts. Just because a song has a few gently strummed guitars and a female singer doesnt mean that country musics finally breaking into the pop charts: people who claim that Taylor represents this should, as Ron Burgundy says, go back to their home on whore island.
It was with a heavy heart, then, that I pressed play on Taylors latest album, Red. The cover of Red sees Taylor moodily staring at the ground, half her face cast ominously in shadow. This shows that Taylors not gonna sing about stupid stuff like short shorts and/or tee shirts anymoreshes got some serious, deep  to say. The hat shes wearing shows how country she is. Her red lips match the album cover. She has a new fringe now, too, because shes not a girlshes a woman. The albums title is written in the same font of the Home Brand jam (and bread and tomato sauce and everything else) thats in our flat fridge. Rest assuredwhen the music starts playing, youll instantly forget about the cover. Youll forget about everything. Youll be transported to a world where anything is possibleeven making a totally average album and having it sell millions of copies.
This is the truth: Red isnt a great album. It isnt even a good album. Its that worst of things: a totally mediocre piece of work. When I write an essay I think is good, Ill be stoked for a while. When I write an essay thats shockingly, laughably bad, Im perversely proud that anyone whos been through 13 years of schooling can produce that level of crap. But (and we all know this feeling) when an essay is totally average, completely middle-of-the-road, not finished in the seconds before it was due but rather abandoned a couple of hours after midnight, you feel totally terrible about yourself. Taylor Swift should feel totally terrible about herself, because Red is totally average. Its so average that it doesnt deserve a track-by-track review, because such a review would be average.
The first track, State of Grace, thunders in with a drumbeat that the record company thought was edgyloud and fast. It quickly descends into elevator music only interrupted by a chorus that Coldplay would recognise as open plagiarism. Dont listen to it.
The title track, Red, has banjos in it. Im guessing its her way of tipping her massive HEY IM FROM NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE hat to Mumford and Sons. She talks about how a breakup was as devastating as driving a Maserati down a dead end street. Yes Taylor, because all of your 12-year-old fans have Maseratis (and drivers licences). Dont listen to it.
All Too Well has the lyric You keep my old scarf/ from the very 1st week/ cos it reminds you of innocence/ and smells like me. Its a stupid line. Its like she doesnt know how to write songs. It made me really angry to listen to. Dont leave your  lying around at other peoples houses, Taylor. Your untidiness is probably why youre always breaking up with boys.
Its not all bad, though. The songs I Knew You Were Trouble and We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together are brilliant. This isnt me being a dick: I genuinely think theyre great songs. I Knew You Were Trouble has a drop. It could be played in a dubstep club. Also, theres a hilarious version of it on YouTube where goats sing the chorus. Please watch it. We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together is similarly brilliant: the chorus stays in your head for as long as it takes Taylor to comb her new fringe (which is probably ages because her massive hat messes it up heaps).
All in all, I can see why people look up to Taylor Swift as a hero. She sells millions of albums without showing off her boobs at every opportunity. She doesnt try and appeal to the average filthy teenagers: her music is aimed squarely at wholesome listeners, a market which is diminishing pretty rapidly. She always seems polite; shes never snapped looking wasted or naked. She should definitely be commended for this, but it cannot make up for the fact that this album is a totally average one.",0,1,"May 21, 2013"
6,"You aren't false with listening to Swift's latest release, that shows more aspects of her. I actually like her voice and she is able to write good songs. It's nothing big and a duration of more than an hour lets it seem too long. Regardless, there are some quite good songs on Red: Red, I Knew You Were Trouble., I Almost Do, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together or The Last Time. Her country side got to an lesser extent and her pop side isn't always good. I, for my part, enjoyed this album and I like her style. She is cute, she sings meaningful songs and has a pretty good voice.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2012"
10,"Red is a magnificently stunning album. The reviews on here are unusually low, but the album is most definitely not a disappointment in any way. It delivers on so many grounds that it's competing for one of the best albums in recent years on my list.
*Best Song on the Album: The Last Time (feat. Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol)
*Standouts: I Knew You Were Trouble., 22, Holy Ground, Sad Beautiful Tragic, Everything Has Changed (feat. Ed Sheeran), We Are Never Getting Back Together, Red, Begin Again",0,0,"Nov 15, 2012"
9,"I love how Taylor Swift step out from her comfort zone and experimented other genres. She delivered catchy and sure-to-be-hit pop songs and at the same time beautiful classic country tracks. But for me, although Red is another excellent album from Taylor Swift, Speak Now remains her best album.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2012"
10,"This album combines her best side of the country, with a touch of dub-step and pop, it makes this record so beautiful from the artwork, to the lyrics, HER BEST ALBUM!, I didn't like Taylor Swift, until I heard this, the vocals, the essence, the sound, the lyrics, makes this Album PERFECT!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2012"
10,"Taylor Swift explores all the edges of music, and with this album, she's done it again, Red is one, if not the best album that I've heard in my entire life.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2012"
8,"I was never really into Taylor Swift, but I decided to give the lady a chance with this album. In all honesty, it's my second favorite album of the year. There's no denying that Taylor has the music industry by the balls. In all honesty, she did a fantastic job with this record!",0,0,"Dec  8, 2012"
8,"'RED' sounds more like a commercial appeal than as a sincere act of Swift, but who says something can not be good business and at the same time?",0,0,"Feb 16, 2013"
10,"Taylor Swift's best album to date! This album has more Genres than her usual Country music. Starting with Begin Again, which was one of the best songs of the album. Then 'We are never getting back together' another awesome song. My favorite is 'Red' song, even though critics say Taylor Swift is not good for pop rock, I found that song to be incredible!",0,0,"Aug 16, 2013"
8,"Um lbum super bom que faz um mix perfeito entre o Country e o Pop, acho que a Taylor Swift saiu da sua zona de conforto e fez msicas mais agressivas como  I Knew You Were Trouble e 22.
Sem contar nas letras que so melhores do que dos dois CDs anteriores, para mim o destaque vai para suas parceria The Last Time (Feat. Gary Lightbody) e Everything Has Changed (feat. Ed Sheeran).",0,0,"Mar 30, 2013"
10,"Just awesome. We can't comment a lot. Every song on RED is worth a listen. Stand-outs: I Knew You Were Trouble, All Too Well and Begin Again. Well done Taylor. You proved, once again, that you're one of the best artists nowadays.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2013"
10,"Taylor Swift  despite how 'in' it is to hate her  proves once again that she is one of the most talented songwriters/composers of our time. There is not a single song on this album that I would even consider mediocre, they are all exceptional. While Ms. Swift might be a bit overexposed by all the not-so-successful relationships she had in recent times, it does not take away from the quality of this album at all. She writes about her life, her experiences and it si shared by millions of your girls all over the world. I'm amazed that despite being a 36 yrs old divorced 'grown up' man, I am also in love with this album and the feeling of youth, love that it radiates.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2013"
10,"Amazing album, Taylor has got a very good voice, i enjoyed all the songs. The songs were all good or brilliant. 22, Red, State of grace, we are never getting back together, I knew you were trouble and Stay Stay Stay are the best songs",0,0,"Apr 20, 2013"
10,"This album is absolutely the best album that Taylor has ever done. She's very talented and even tho her voice is not very strong and powerful  the way she composes her songs is brilliant. Once again  congratulations Taylor Swit",0,0,"May  2, 2013"
10,"Fantastic album, one of the best albums of the year so far. Taylor has a very good voice and her vocals are excellent on the alum, and all the songs are great, especially 22, i knew you were trouble, red, state of grace, stay stay stay, we are never getting back together and begin again.",0,0,"May 28, 2013"
8,"Red es la excusa perfecta para ver a Taylor como candidata a la reina del Country... Una experta compositora que mezcla el alma de sus composiciones con Rock y pop de una forma elegante y experta.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Red is just further confirmation that Taylor Swift is one of the greatest singer songwriters in the world today. What I find amazing is that almost every song on every album could be a hit single and those included on this latest offering are no different. Personally I couldn't care less whether a song is deemed country or pop, a great song is a great song and Red is full of great songs. Taylor has written more amazing songs at 22 than most do in a lifetime. Of course Taylor isn't just an incredible songwriter she's also an incredible singer which means Red, like her previous offerings, is a must have album.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2013"
10,"Red is hands down Taylor's best and most ambitious work yet and, without a doubt, the best album of the year. The songwriting is brilliant and flawless. It is, through and through, from the breath-taking opening track to the beautifully written 'Begin Again,' a pop/rock masterpiece. Highlights include 'State of Grace,' 'Treacherous,' 'All Too Well,' 'Holy Ground,' 'The Last Time,' 'Sad Beautiful Tragic,' and 'Everything Has Changed.'",0,0,"Aug 26, 2013"
10,"This left me really speechless... I must be honest that speak now is a little better than this. Nevertheless, this is a stupendous album made by a talented young artist. Despite the shift from country to pop, I still love this album. Bravo, taylor!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2013"
5,"The girl does not have much of charisma... Solid productions, country, pop, rock  even electronica...
But, so what? Her voice is too soft and polite. Not my type, definitely.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2013"
10,"Red may be the smartest album made by a girl of 20-22 years old, Lyrics by Swift are emotional you can feel what she wrote, Red starts with State of Grace a song which make the direction of the album as well as feelings of Swift, after is Red a song who she realize that she misses her ex boyfriend she can't move on cause he still burning red in her mind  and heart, and then treacherous and i knew you were trouble just a s treacherous, i knew you were trouble is about a relationship with trouble guys, treacherous is the begin ikywt is the end, all too well is the center of album if you understand this song may you can understand the whole album. 22 song about her friends, because c'mon she's a beautiful girl she deserves have fun. i almost do, she still misses her ex but she starts realize that she needs move on so she decides that WE ARE NEVER EVER GETTING BACK TOGETHER. but just as all the girls by 20-23 years old she still daydreaming about real love, the last time a song with intense vocals just embedded in the thematic of the song Vocals by Gary LightBody fell as a sleeve in this song, holy ground are the nicest song in this album,  sad  beautiful tragic are so sad but so intense it's just the start of begin the lucky one is when sh realize that she's became very famous but she still felts like a ordinary people then is everything has changed, starlight and begin again so we can see the new taylor swift more adult, sexy but still with a beautiful heart that delights many people.
PS: the whole album has a hidden message, i'm not talking about of capital letters in his lyrics but the underlined words throughout the album. The Phrase are
'Pro Love: Grace red t(r)each knew trouble well. 22 almost never ever stay,  last holy sad lucky changed star again",0,0,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"This is a very good album. Fun, Catchy, musically qualified, and is a little different than other Swift albums. I just wish she could show her vocal abilities more, if she has them. Otherwise, this album is just pure gold!
Highlights: 'Red' 'I knew you were trouble'
Summary: Catchy, Fun, Great
Grade: 87%",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
10,"One of my top five cd's of this year  think it will be rated and honored with awards this year  I never get tired of it  the first track reminds me of old U2 songs, the synth pop on 22 and other tracks is so catchy and I love country music feel on most tracks and taylor does not dissapoint in this respect as well.  I applaud Taylor's courage to be true to her artistry and to not be so concerned about what the country music community and others may think.  Love it!",0,0,"Nov 11, 2013"
8,"Taylor Swift has a natural talent and brilliantly she put those ideas on the grill and ended up in 'Red' Max Martin and company brought her a cleaner sound as nearly all of his collaborations are stand outs. The only thing that matters here is that the album is a bit too long but",0,0,"Dec 18, 2013"
1,"Huge disappointment ! 'Red' is even much worse than 'Fearless', which i fisrt thought was Taylor Swift's gigantic step-down from 'Speak Now', but now with this album, Taylor Swift is clearly showing that there is no litmits for her awful taste of writing and composing songs. It's just somehow getting worse and a lot wrose as time gose by, apparently she is no longer able to maintain the excellent performance that we saw in 'Speak Now'",0,0,"Jun 28, 2014"
8,"Love the songs '22', I knew you were trouble' and 'We are never ever getting back together', but the rest of the songs are too generic for my taste. All in all, great album, generic songs though.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2014"
10,"'Red' by Taylor Swift is a really great album and one of the best she's ever done. I love how each song on here has a different tone to it and how she is taking a different style to her music while remaining recognizable.",0,0,"May 30, 2014"
8,"Of Taylor's albums this is in my opinion the best all of them are brilliant but this is my favourite. Her follow-up 1989 is almost as good but I would say that this album narrowly takes it and it is deserving too.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"This album sounds great, so good. Is mature, emotional, inspiring, and makes you feel wonderful, honestly, the best she ever did. I think she turned into one of the best artist of the atuality",0,0,"May 20, 2014"
10,"An amazing record, really perfect songwriting, deep lyrics, and 3 or 4 catchy songs. This album has everything you need in an album. The best songs are Treacherous, Begin Again, Holy Ground and All Too Well.",0,0,"May 24, 2014"
10,"Fantstico.  possvel perceber claramente o amadurecimento dela em relao aos lbuns anteriores, e isso  incrvel. As pessoas que no gostam do lbum provavelmente sequer o ouviram com sentiram as letras das msicas. So divertidas, emocionantes, agradveis. So felizes, livres, confusas e solitrias. Sinta a msica sem nenhum preceito,  isso que este lbum nos traz.",0,0,"May 31, 2014"
10,"de conhecimento geral que Taylor Swift  uma grande compositora, e com RED ela demonstra que amadurece cada vez mais em todos os quesitos, sejam artsticos ou pessoais. Com composies baseadas na prpria vida, Swift traz uma grande obra, onde trabalha tanto o country e, ao mesmo tempo, introduz cada vez mais no pop, revelando o que pode ser um novo direcionamento de sua carreira. RED  vale cada minuto aplicado em ouvi-lo, um lbum que  tudo (e muito mais) que era de se esperado de Taylor Swift.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2014"
9,"Taylor Swift's best album, no doubts. It's mature and the songs are incredible, there are only two of them that I didn't like but it still incredible.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2014"
5,"gfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfdgfdgfdgdgdfgdfgfd",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"We saw Taylor depart from her comfort zone which is country-pop with this album. She tried different genres and collaborated with different producers and I must say that she's done this successfully without compromising her brand and quality which I love from her the most. In my honest opinion this is the best album released in 2012 and in this decade so far. Best songs are Holy Ground, Sad Beautiful Tragic, All Too Well, Treacherous and State Of Grace.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2014"
10,"Taylor Swift is one of those few artists whose career gets bigger and bigger with each passing year. His latest album 'Red' has meant the passage that was lacking for the last time imminent internationalization. With Red, Swift won for the second time debut on the charts a week of sales above a million copies and became the first female musical act to do so, also had his first # 1 single on the Billboard charts with nominated last year Record of the Year for 'We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together' and a global hit as was 'I Knew You Were Trouble'.
Red is the most sold for this year's Grammys with just over six million copies (which sells all of the other four nominees for album of the year together) and generally had a good reception from the critics album, which they name their album more mature and adventurous so far. In fact, this album Taylor first dares to expose without any camouflage pop genre, and it was really well as he promoted the album despite being competing this year in the country categories, but in that case it would work in music pop more honest and intelligent than we have seen at least the last five or six years.
Anyway Network has its downs, and it is in those moments where he experimented with a more commercial and mainstream sound, songs such as '22' or the same ... We Are Never noticed a decline and it feels the album could have been a masterpiece if Swift had decided to work with what she speaks perfect, soft melodies, epic sounds and powerful lyrics. Of those things are full Red rises undoubtedly outweigh all its shortcomings on issues such as Treacherous, Sad Tragic Beautiful, Begin Again (nominated for best country song), Holy Ground and definitely if you can call it a masterpiece 'All Too Well '. That song is regardless of what the nominees for song of the year, the best that existed in the period of eligibility (I was affected by not being released as a single) and the best thing ever written Taylor Swift. Also mention the only two experiments that worked and think you are Red and State Of Grace.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2014"
3,"This is kind of a strange album. It's basically just another country(ish) pop album in the same vein as her previous records, but now with a sprinkling of straight-up pop songs. Even though these latter songs don't really jibe with the rest of the album, they are what saves Red from being a complete failure, to be honest. We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together, for example, is actually a solid track. It's fun and catchy and memorable, but it also highlights just how not fun and catchy and memorable most of the other songs are. There are just too many dull ballads and too few hooks, and really there's not much of a progression from her previous albums. I feel like once you've heard one Taylor Swift song, you've heard them all, and Red just continues that trend. It's bland, sappy, middle of the road, and drags on way too long.
Standout tracks: We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together, I Knew You Were Trouble (but that's about it)",0,0,"Jul 21, 2016"
6,"Track by track review:
1. State of Grace 10/10
2. Red 10/10
3. Treacherous 8.5/10
4. I Knew You Were Trouble 6.5/10
5. All Too Well 6/10
6. 22 7/10
7. I Almost Do 5/10
8. We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together 6/10
9. Stay Stay Stay 0.5/10
10. The Last Time 0.5/10
11. Holy Ground 5.5/10
12. Sad Beautiful Tragic 6.5/10
13. The Lucky One 7.5/10
14. Everything Has Changed 2.5/10
15. Starlight 10/10
16. Begin Again 7/10
Highlights: Starlight, Red, State of Grace.
Potential singles: Red, 22, State of Grace, Holy Ground, All Too Well, Starlight, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2015"
9,"um lbum onde Taylor colocou todas suas emoes, um lbum extremamente pessoal. As baladas romnticas, como  o caso de Treacherous e I Almost Do, tratam de relacionamentos passados em que Taylor se tornava uma prisioneira de si mesma, j em msicas experimentais como ''All Too Well'' e ''I Knew You Were Trouble'', Taylor se mostra fugindo dessa priso.
Por que Taylor no faturou o Grammy de lbum do Ano?
Se tratarmos do lbum como um todo, teremos uma obra de arte: letras muito bem compostas, produo impecvel e divulgao massiva, tem tudo para ser o melhor lbum da carreira da Taylor, com uma exceo: no possui um gnero definido. O lbum  uma linha entre o Country e o Pop,  a transio do Speak Now(2010) para o 1989(2014), ento podemos considerar como um lbum experimental. Se o lbum de primeira no ganhou em categorias pequenas do Grammy, como ''Best Country Album'', porque ganharia o Grammy de ''lbum do Ano''?
Quando estamos falando de sonoridade de um lbum, falamos da sua identidade. A identidade do Red ficou perdida, e no se tornou nem um lbum conceitual, nem um lbum genrico, mas o meio disso, por isso no faturou  Grammy de lbum do Ano.
Mas, com certeza, se tornou um marco na carreira de Swift: letras excelentes, boa produo, as faixas ficaram bem colocadas na tracklist, e Taylor pode viajar entre vrios estilos musicais durante o lbum. Desde o pop eletrnico de I Knew You Were Trouble at o pseudo-jazz de ''The Last Time(feat. Gary Ligthbody)''",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
9,"I think the most important thing that makes Taylor Swift`s records valuable is her sincerity about personal experiences and staying true to her path in songwriting.
Taylor,Keep on,Many are behind you,following you",0,0,"Jun 16, 2015"
8,"Red is Taylor's best album yet. The singer-songwriter manages to blend her signature country twang to a multitude of other genres, like U2's arena rock, or Ed Sheeran's acoustic folk. Her lyricism is also top-notch, and the songs are incredibly catchy. However there are a few filler tracks like I Almost Do, or The Last Time, that should have not made it into the final cut.
This album is well worth a purchase if you're looking for good accessible music to just chill and listen to.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"Miss Swift is exciting by starting her sections with Max Martin and Shellback, but is the final result be suitable for the album context? Maybe not, but she surpasses herself again showing her poetry with 'Begin Again' and the stunning 'All Too Well'. Great job, country/pop princess!",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
9,"It is a great country-pop album! This song shows her going out of her comfort zone by doing songs that have a pop element to them but remain as country!
Track-by-track review:
State of Grace: 8.5/10
Red: 9/10
Treacherous: 8/10
I Knew You Were Trouble: 9/10
All too Well: 8/10
22: 9.5/10
I Almost Do: 8.5/10
We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together: 9/10
Stay Stay Stay: 9.5/10
The Last Time: 8/10
Holy Ground: 8.5/10
Sad Beautiful Tragic: 8/10
The Lucky One: 8.5/10
Everything has Changed: 9/10
Starlight: 8.5/10
Begin Again: 9/10
The Moment I Knew: 8.5/10
Come Back...Be Here: 8/10
Girl At Home: 8.5/10
Highlights: Red, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together, Stay Stay Stay, Begin Again",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"RED is a remarkable album with a tinge of pop perfection. I really admire Taylor for this album because her experiences were really painful if you have felt the meaning behind those songs on RED. My favorites are State of Grace, Holy Ground, Treacherous and Begin Again.
State of Grace lyrics, 'Love is a ruthless game unless you play it good and right'. The line that means the most to Taylor on the whole record! Love can be extremely unmerciful if you arent playing it honestly, fairly, and well. Youll get hurt or hurt someone else if you dont play by the rules.
Holy Ground was about thinking back to a relationship she used to have, and shes blown away when she realizes, looking back at it now, how beautiful and perfect it was. Holy Ground is sacred and safe. Taylor is saying that this relationship made her feel safe.
Treacherous it tells about how Taylor fell hard and fast because this person was very seductive and charming and held her in the palm of his hands. However, she was unaware of the dangers he held. The love seemed romantic and perfect, but deceived her in the end. She loves the anticipation of being close to him! Taylor Swift uses an antithesis in the sense that this romance was a case of so close and yet so far. There was an obvious physical chemistry and bond between them, but it didnt seem to be enough. The fact that they are eye to eye and yet remain out of focus demonstrates this point further. They were in a relationship that was passionate but somehow could never make complete sense or sanity of it.
This lyrics, 'I think it's strange that you think I'm funny cause he never did' from Begin Again tears me up. Taylors past relationship and various break ups left her hopeless about love, but after going on a date with this new guy she make up her mind. Taylor almost brought up something about her ex while they were walking to the car outside the cafe but before she could, her date started to talk about his family. This made her feel closer to him and Taylor realized that it was time to let go of the past and focus on this new story.",0,0,"May  7, 2016"
5,"There are a few good tracks on this album but overall the it is far too saturated with producers to have any sort of cohesion. If you are a fan of songs that start with a melancholy acoustics followed by a warble-tremolo oooh or yeah vocals then you are in luck as this album has plenty.",1,1,"Feb  7, 2014"
10,"im going to give you all a pissada  Liuna is my babie and she is the best singer of all  so you can  your vagina and your ass with a cucumber  xoxo gossip girl",0,2,"Apr 22, 2013"
10,"Glassheart. One of the most anticipated albums ever. This is a new direction for Leona but it's a worth it album after almost 4 years of waiting. STANDOUT TRACKS: Trouble, Lovebird, Fireflies, Come Alive, Stop the Clocks, Favourite Scar & Glassheart",0,0,"Nov 27, 2012"
5,"As much as I want to like this album, I just can't. Thing is, there are many vocals like 'ooh', 'yeah' (for example, from Fireflies), or 'dum dum diddy' (from Lovebird) and clich texts which make the album kinda dull at some points. Another thing is, the producers didn't do a very good job which also makes the album an utter mess. However, the album's vocals and a few good songs (Trouble, Glassheart, Colorblind) are the album's saving grace, but there are also bad songs (Come Alive, Lovebird, I To You) and When It Hurts which is completely useless. Overall, in comparison to Spirit & Echo, this is a very huge decline from her previous albums.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2015"
10,"WOW! P!nk has always delivered amazing albums, but this one is just mind blowing. Definitely one of the best albums of the year, and probably her best one yet! And that says a lot! This album will make you cry, laugh, dance... It has at least one song for absolutely everybody! Her songwriting is just as good as it used to be, if not better, and we all know P!nk has always been the best song writer in the pop music scenario. 10/10 album, hands down.",5,5,"Sep 19, 2012"
10,"P!nk has made the most exciting record of the year so far. There are songs ready for jumping in the club as well ballads to belt out in the car with a tear in your eye. I love that she's always honest and you can feel what she feels. 'Slut Like You', 'Try', 'True Love', and 'Just Give Me a Reason' are standouts along with already big hit 'Blow Me (One Last Kiss)'. This will be on heavy rotation for sure.",3,3,"Sep 19, 2012"
9,"A verdade sobre o amor  que ele pode ser um milho de coisas. Ele te eleva ao cus e depois te jogo nos mais profundos mares. Ele te faz sentir a melhor pessoa do mundo e segundos depois te transforma na caca do cavalo do bandido. A verdade sobre o amor  que ele nunca ter a sua verdadeira forma revelada. Tentar isso explicar isso  algo impressionante, conseguir um resultado bom j  excepcional. Em seu mais novo lbum a P!nk consegue isso e mais um pouco.
Antes de esmiuar The Truth About Love, tenho que advertir o leitor que o trabalho tem um grande defeito. Infelizmente, o CD ainda no  a obra de arte que a P!nk poderia fazer. Ele chega bem perto disso, mas fica faltando alguns passos para isso. Dito isso, vamos a melhor noticia: The Truth About Love  o melhor lbum da cantora. O motivo  bem simples: ele  o lbum mais coeso da carreira dela. Desde a primeira msica at a ltima o nvel  mantido sem nenhum momento fraco ou mediano. Isso foi alcanado devido ao fato da equipe de produo est menor e mais coesa na sonoridade pretendida. O som de The Truth About Love  um pop/rock mais pesado e mais concentrado no lado mais adulto do estilo deixando as batidas mais 'normais' de lado para investir em batidas mais fortes em todas as faixas. S que em algumas msicas a produo deixa a desejar quando no entrega arranjos mais pomposos para combinar com as composies poderosas e extrair todo o potencial que elas possuem. Novamente, P!nk mostra porque no mercado pop ele  a melhor artista: como autora de todas as faixas ela consegue subir um degrau em se posiciona como uma das melhores da atualidade. Como disse antes, o amor  o foco principal do lbum e isso a P!nk j deu provas que sabe falar do assunto da sua maneira. H um sentimento melancolico s que aqui encontra uma esperana que no tinha no ltimo trabalho dela, mas com a sua vida pessoal acertada ela consegue expressar isso. Misturando o humor peculiar que ela possui e uma capacidade de criar hits radiofnicos com refres grudentos, P!nk entrega mais um vez um trabalho vocal perfeito. Algumas canes tm um trabalho com auto-tune em cima da voz dela, mas que ela consegue se impor e no se transformar em um rob. Falando em canes em particular a melhor  sem dvidas o primeiro single Blow Me (One Last Kiss). Outros timos momentos esto a safadinha Slut Like You, a que d nome ao lbum The Truth About Love e a balada que s a ela consegue entregar Beam Me Up. Da verso deluxe tem Run, uma power balada com uma pegada Halo. As partipaes de as Lily Rose Cooper (ex-Lily Allen) em True Love e do rapper Eminem em Here Comes the Weekend resultam em boas msicas, mas suas participaes no geniais e quase dispensaveis. J em Just Give Me a Reason temos Nate Ruess, vocalista do fun. o problema foi na produo. A cano tem uma letra divina, performances inspiradas dos dois e uma estrutura perfeita s que o resultado final no entrega o que prometia por uma escolha de no terminar a cano de maneira grandiosa e voltar o tom do comeo da mesma. Uma pena, pois seria a melhor cano da carreira dela. Ainda no  o trabalho de uma carreira, mas enquanto isso vamos esperando da melhor maneira possvel. S no demorar muito, t P!nk?",2,2,"Oct 19, 2012"
10,"I'll be honest! I'm a huge P!nk fan since the I'm Not Dead record which is definitely her best album in my opinion but I made a mistake... The Truth About Love is also as good as I'm Not Dead but surpassed it! P!nk brings a new level to her music, her lyrics are powerful as always but this album has something that made me love it more! P!nk's vocals are stunning because of the reducing smoke! The highlight songs from this album are Are We All We Are, Try, Just Give Me A Reason, True Love, The Truth About Love, Walk of Shame, The Great Escape, Is This Thing On?, Run and Chaos & Piss... The whole album is a MASTERPIECE and of course is the Album of the Year... I'm sure that P!nk has many chances for Grammy Awards this year and really deserves to win! Her upcoming Tour will be obviously her best since Funhouse Tour, can't wait...",2,2,"Oct  3, 2012"
10,"P!nk's most fun album. It diverse but unified at the same time, it shows a lot of sides of love indeed. Best of: Blow Me, Try, Here Comes The Weekend, Chaos&Piss.",2,2,"Nov 13, 2012"
9,"'[The Truth About Love] is honestly Pink's best effort since 'I'm Not Dead'. It shows a more demure, yet her signature outrageous side as well. With songs including 'Blow Me (One Last Kiss)', 'How Come Your Not Hear?' and 'Slut Like You', it shows the real Pink we've been waiting for. But songs like 'Try' and 'Just Give Me a Reason' shows the other side of Pink. You can tell the album is basically a split album of personality. Great album Pink'",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
6,"Some very good songs, others are noisy and screechy and a bit irritating. I do find the language used appropriate for Pink but sometimes it is present in unusual places. I like some of the songs and skip some.  A bit samesy but decent nonetheless.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
10,"One of the few albums that I would listen to from start to end.
All of the songs are great, 3-4 are absolutely brilliant!
The best album in the last years!",1,1,"Sep 22, 2012"
10,"The Truth About Love is the highlight of P!nk's carreer. she has crossed the limits of ordinary pop and left stars like Britney and Madonna searching for her. Definately worth a listen. frankly, it can compared as a sequel to Funhouse!!!!",1,1,"Nov  7, 2012"
8,"This album is certainly worth listening! In my opinion there are almost no fillers! What amazed me the most was the fact that bonus tracks are not left-overs; their quality is equal to those from the standard edition. P!nk sounds stunning in every mood, her voice is very versatile and conveys emotions perfectly!",1,1,"Sep 20, 2012"
9,"Going from the crazy 'Walk of shame', arriving to the slow and sweet 'Beam me up', The Truth About Love really answers P!nk's fans' needs ! Some of the hightlights of the album are the Martin-Shellback produced 'Slut Like You' and the sweet sensitive 'Just Give Me Reason' in which P!nk and Nate are at the top of their game ! Realllllllllyyyyy good album. I smell a Grammy-nomination in the air !",1,1,"Oct 29, 2012"
9,"Not like Funhouse, you can't find a super splash hit out of this album, since this album was not meant to be a part of P!nk's comeback. But P!nk managed to make an album with exactly everything her fans have been anticipating. With flawless hits like The Truth About Love and Are We All We Are, plus the song that's most likely bringing commercial success like Blow Me (One Last Kiss), it is diverse inside out. But obviously, the Lily Allen fulfilled True Love and several other songs like Try are still just one step away from being a classic, which can be summarized as the last step this album is away from perfection. But still, you deserve to own it.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2012"
10,"P!nk has released yet another classic record. The Truth About Love continues to feature the confessional lyrics that made us fall in love with her. Keep up the good work P!nk.",1,1,"Dec 24, 2012"
8,"A great pop album, P! Nk managed to surprise me again with their music, great to hear.
Highlights: True Love and Slut Like You
Lows: My Signature Move and Run",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Definitely the best pop release of the year. This album has everything. P!nk's most diverse album yet. Musically; it has pop, rock, punk, alternative, soul, country, dance, electro. Lyrically, it has party songs, break-up songs to songs about issues like Miscarriage, suicide and female empowerment. Stand-Out Tracks: Are We All We Are, How Come You're Not Here, The Truth About Love, Beam Me Up and Slut Like You. MUST HAVE.",10,11,"Sep 18, 2012"
10,"'The Truth About Love' must be P!nk's best album to date.
I even would call it the best Album of the year. You will find every thing you want on this record. Songs to dance, songs to laugh, songs to think and songs to cry.
It's a true masterpiece and I will never regret buying it.",12,15,"Sep 19, 2012"
10,"Another stellar release from a pop star that evades superstardom, even while she's changing the landscape of pop music.  A highlight of The Truth About Love is hearing the notes Pink sneaks in on us, much higher than previously recording, slowly revealing just what exactly she's capable of little by little.  Great, honest lyrics told how my generations speaks.  This is another solid release from one of the best voices on the planet.",3,4,"Sep 18, 2012"
10,"This album totally worth waiting. P!nk is back with amazing new material. This album have amazing songs, that will make you dance, will cheer you up. The great example is the song 'The Great Escape'. I can relate to this song and I really feel, like P!nk can understand me. I think that this album is worth buying!",4,6,"Sep 18, 2012"
10,"The Biggest Improvement Of All Time!
P!NKS Vocals Are Amazing In This Album! Really One Of The Best Of 2012!
Deserves A Grammy!",2,3,"Sep 23, 2012"
6,"Kind of suffers from the same problem Kelly Clarkson's 'Stronger' suffers. Both albums end up falling flat because of the production and some lazy writing, which are nowhere as good as their musical talents, mostly as singers.",1,2,"Sep 22, 2012"
5,"There's obviously no punk in P!nk anymore and the lyrics also got worse. But 'The Truth About Love' is a pretty solid album, though. Her storytelling is nice, she can sing got and all the three features are set well. Alas, there's not any song that stands out from the whole work and they tried too hard to make it sound nice for the album. Sorry, P!nk, but saying the f-word doesn't make you punk.",0,1,"Dec 11, 2012"
5,"The album is solid the only problem i have with it is that i feel she has been releasing the same album ever since I'm Not Dead, wish she could ge out of her comfort zone and experiment more.",0,1,"Nov 10, 2012"
0,"Why after more than 10 years in the industry she's still singing the same song to me?
The only redeemable tracks this album has is Just Give a Reason and Try and the last one is a cover.",0,10,"Nov 14, 2012"
10,"BEAUTIFUL album! The only thing I didn't like about it was Eminem's part in 'Here Comes the Weekend' it seemed obnoxiousness and irrelevant. But other than that, it's the best pop album of 2012.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2013"
7,"For the most part this is a set of well-written, well-performed & well-produced pop songs, with a fair amount of stylistic diversity without coming off scatter-brained. The album starts with a bang with Are We All We Are, a sonic ride between its disoriented keyboards, crunchy guitars & a kid-sung chant of the title, all wrapped in a vaguely sociopolitical message. Despite being the only song here not written or co-written by Pink, Try has emotional value to be found in the general presentation. I also appreciate the almost atmospheric brief instrumental break before each chorus, something you rarely see in modern pop singles. Still, there are tracks that succeed even more in the emotional area through a more organic backing. Current single Just Give Me a Reason (a duet with Nate Ruess from fun.) tells a dual-perspective tale of a couple not seeing eye-to-eye with each other on the status of their relationship. But the 2 songs thatll give you the hardest punch in the feels area are Beam Me Up & The Great Escape. Beam Me Up is a beautiful open letter to a relative that passed away, while The Great Escape, while I've heard some say its an anti-suicide song, according to an interview I read is about societys over-dependence on antidepressants to escape from feeling any sort of natural extreme human emotions. Both of these songs are backed only by an acoustic guitar, piano &/or string section, and the passionate singing & lyrics are better complimented for that. Meanwhile on the more lighthearted side of things, True Love (feat. Lily Rose Cooper aka Lily Allen) is a goofily half-sarcastic depiction of the funny little annoyances in a healthy longtime relationship. And the intentionally stupid How Come Youre Not Here & Walk of Shame manage to add a bit of fun charm that manage to pick up the albums mood when needed. Same goes for the semi-bluesy title track. Admittedly though these more silly moments can also be where Pink tends to fail the most, including on previous albums (tracks like Respect, Get the Party Started, Bad Influence, etc.), especially when the song is party-based. On this album the notable failures are easily Slut Like You, a pathetic attempt to cater to the Ke$ha crowd masking in a backward-thinking feminist message, and Here Comes the Weekend, a plodding & awkward good time anthem with a cringeworthy & ultimately disappointing guest verse from Eminem. Its safe to say Em shouldn't have repaid the favor for Pinks guest spot on the far superior Wont Back Down from Recovery. Also lead single Blow Me (One Last Kiss), aside from the obvious annoying use of parentheses that takes away a lot of ability to take the song seriously, is a bit overproduced in that obvious radio hit kind of way, despite some decent lyrics. Still, despite a few misses, most of this album delivers, presenting a group of tracks thatd work just as well on the Hot 100 as they would in a good-tasted music blog. Top 5 songs: Just Give Me a Reason, Are We All We Are, The Great Escape, Beam Me Up, Try. Score: 78/100",0,0,"Mar 30, 2013"
7,"P!nk is back with a fantastic album. Are We All We Are is good then you have Blow Me One Last Kiss is fantastic then you even get a small peak it in Eminem's new sound in preparation for next year. It is not a must have album but it is a fantastic album nonetheless and definitely worth purchasing.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2012"
8,"Love is the point of this album,in P!nk's new album 'The Truth About Love'.After taking a little hiatus,P!nk is now back on the scene ever since her recent album announcement and her chart-topper 'Blow Me(One Last Kiss)'So now the question is,does P!nk still have it after not doing music for a while?The answer is yes.What P!nk delivers is maybe one of the best Pop albums this year.The real standout songs of this album are her ballads 'Just give me a Reason' with the lead singer of fun 'Nate  Ruess',and 'True Love' with Lily Rose Cooper.But for those looking for a fun tune,there are some tunes here to get you humming,those songs include 'Are We All We Are' and Eminem guest rapping on 'Here Comes The Weekend'.The majority of the songs are also musically diverse with Punk-Rock,Pop,Alternative,Rock,and a dash of Rap,thanks to Eminem's guest rap.The low light of this album is that a few songs seem to tread on the same topic which is love.And despite some cool sounds on those songs,it comes off as unorignal.And the album loses some steam around the end,but pulls off the concluson well thanks to the Toe-tapping 'Good Old Days'.Plus the deluxe edition includes 3 bonus songs for anyone looking for a little more,(though the album has 17 songs on it.),also hats off to P!nk for her solid pipes and great vocals.Bottom line:This isn't P!nk's best album,and it doesn't break any new ground,but it's still a great listen and worth your money.That's why I'm giving 'The Truth About Love' an 8 out of 10,job well-done P!nk.What do you guys think?Do you like The Truth About Love?Do you not?Click on Yes or No for whether it was Helpful below on my review.Also check out my video review of the album on September 25 2012 on my Youtube channel Andrew Brauer,and if you have a little bit more time,follow me on twitter @andrewbrauer96.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2012"
7,"So,. this is not Funhouse (which i think is Pink greatest album), but it contains 'Blow Me (One Last Kiss)'  a great song,so this album is not for everyone but give it a chance.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2012"
10,"Perfection, that is all i can say about the latest record from this master of pop music. This album seriously has it all from the fun raunchy dance tracks like 'Slut Like You' 'Blow Me' And 'Walk of Shame' to the serious heart breaking songs like 'Beam Me Up' 'Where Did The Beat Go' and 'Great Escape' and the fun songs like 'True Love' and 'How Come You're Not Here'. There is not one bad song on this release, P!nk never disappoints.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2013"
7,"The Truth About Love is definitely a very interesting album. Is one of the best ones on Pink's career. The sound is attractive, the voice shows improvement and all the collaborations are very well succeeded. Of course that is not a great and stunning album but is delighting to hear and sing along.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2013"
5,"Pink never reinvents itself, if you pick up all the tracks of each album, mix them and then listen to them, you will not know which song belongs to each album.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2013"
10,"The love described in this album is truly inspiring and after 10 years of making music I thing that is a extremely acclaimed project with a lot of emotion.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2013"
9,"A Major Needed Comeback! Honestly P!NKs Best Album!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
8,"I don't feel like I need to say too much. Pink knows what she wants and what she's doing, her music has always been ON POINT. The Truth About Love is just another part of her continuing career. Great pop-rock moments, a  album and fun stuff. The worst tracks are probably Walk of Shame, Beam Me Up and The Truth About Love, which they aren't bad but they give the album a little heavy feeling when they come up.The best tracks are Are We All We Are?, powerful pop-rock song features a great production (co-produced by John Hill), Blow Me (One Last Kiss), a great first single, one of her best and I also LOVE Where Did the Beat Go?, the Sober of the album. great track.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2013"
9,"Pink siempre ha tenido una fuerte y melodiosa voz, de las ms bonitas que existen en el mundo musical de hoy... Hoy nos brinda su lbum mas maduro hasta el momento, y su xito se refleja en su calidad y en su ritmo.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums I have ever spent money on. This proves that P!nk has grown from when she started back more than a decade ago. key Tracks are How Come You're Not Here, Are we All WE Are, and Walk of Shame.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2013"
8,"Greg Kurstin's masterful production shines through on this album, with boppers like 'Blow Me (One Last Kiss', 'True Love', and 'Try' hitting home with many pop music listeners. 'The Truth About Love' is a great pop album as Pink continues to churn out nice new material.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2013"
9,"The truth about love is a great album. With pinks power house voice. To the quirky and raw love songs this album is almost impossible to like. Pinks voice is the highlight of the album. She has such a powerful voice. And you could see the raw passion and emotion in the songs. And it's one of the best of 2012. Stand outs include just give me a reason an emotional ballad. Slut like you a fun song to listen too and my favorite of this album beam me up which shows her true voice. This is defiantly a must have for the lovers of pink",0,0,"Nov  3, 2013"
7,"The Truth About Love is a good album, but not P!nk's best. The lead single, Blow me (One Last Kiss), was a big disappointment for me, so I was kinda afraid for this record, but P!nk delivered another solid album. The album is typical P!nk: catchy, great, pop/rock melodies with big hit potential. I was excited about Greg Kurstin being on this album, but sadly his production isn't highlight of this album. Surprisingly, some bonus tracks are better than album tracks. The best tracks on the album are: Try, Just Give Me a Reason, Slut Like You, Where Did the Beat Go (This was actually a big surprise for me, because track brings you back to 2000 when P!nk started this journey with Can't Take Me Home). Chaos & Piss, Good Old Days, Timebomb. Really good record, but P!nk is capable of a lot more.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2013"
9,"P!nk has an incredible voice and a natural songwriting talent, every song on this album was made for a reason and none of them seem rushed or space-filled, she returns with a rockier side but still leaves some room for catchy songs full of profanity and confessional feelings   With some surprises that come with stunning  duets this is P!nk's more diverse and  yet powerful album so far",0,0,"Dec  4, 2013"
10,"Thanks to quit smoking, P!nk's vocal is now better than ever. With her unbeatable lyrics. The Truth About Love proved P!nk is still one of the best singer-songwriter in the business.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2013"
2,"the most fearless rockin role girl pink has every sang and give us a wonderful album i have not heard the whole one but i only heard one song . Pink is  the  one of the fearless and has gone through a life full of **** which see experience herself. '  her album is heartwarming , a delight , and a chance to be heard and a leason in life '.",0,0,"May 18, 2014"
10,"Every song in this album can be a huge hit!  P!nk still shines through no matter how many years has passed, and is even better! Great pop rock song such as 'We are all we are', 'Blow me one last kiss', and sad love ballads such as  'Run', 'The Great Escape'.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"this album just shows how P!nk is a genius, an unparalleled quality... each song has its own essence, I always cheer to P!nk for being so amazing... the world deserves to know this masterpiece.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2015"
9,"P!nk, como sempre, evoluindo a cada trabalho novo. Esse lbum  maravilhoso em todos os sentidos, tanto como lrico, instrumental e vocal. H vrias msicas que destacam, e os singles foram muito bem escolhidos. Eu apenas acho que P!nk desperdiou a melhor msica do lbum, que  'Slut Like You'.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"I love Nelly Furtado. She is a real musician. She writes her own song and can play the guitar. I love her style. Every record means a different genre. First Pop with 'I'm like a bird' @dharma: Yes, its NOT Fly like a bird. Then she tried folk pop and rock. After this RnB and HipHop. 2009 she made a Spanisch album. On her best of she tried dance. Now you can listen to everything on 'The Spirit Indestructible'... 10 points for a real artist-",3,3,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Much better than that s**ts called 'Loose' and 'Mi Plan'! Without Timbaland and the spanish language, Nelly shows she can still make good music! My rating would be a 6, but i give this album an 8 because she released new stuff without copying what she had done in 'Loose' or 'Woah! Nelly' or 'Folklore'.",2,2,"Sep 20, 2012"
9,"Not very commonly we see a mainstream artist like Nelly produce an album which talks about life, its problems and  inconveniences (and also amusements) such as this. The Spirit Indestructible is a consistent and pleasurable album that finds its way to stand out in a crowd where the rest is pushing the audience (us, listeners) to a much simpler and un-reflective music. The singer can not only make the listener enjoy 'good music' but also put him/her in a contemplative way throughout its tracks. In comparison to what Nelly has done over the years, the album is a 'cleaner' sound, but yet with Loose's beats and Folklore and Mi Plan's cultural references. Impressive achievement.",2,2,"Sep 23, 2012"
7,"'Nelly presents a clean, fresher and different album [The Spirit Indestructible]... Its a great return to her, with her signature folk influences, but with all the wacky instrumentation (in 'Spirit Indestructible' and 'Big Hoops' for example), it feels unfinished.'",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
8,"This is a fantastic, original album. The work is obviously personal and written without the interference of 'producers' who wreck the majority of stuff out these days.  A few misses on this album, purely from the experimentation but on the whole the beats are superb!! Recommend Waiting for the Night, Miracles, Believers.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
5,"Easy review: The album is divided. First half is to die for, second half will make you puke. Don't get me wrong, I L.O.V.E. Nelly Furtado, but she got lost in translation on this one.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
10,"Nelly didn't need the current trend - and worn - of the U.S., to create a good album. Sounds original, different and exotic, and without doubt the best song of the album is 'Believers (Arab Spring)'.",8,9,"Sep 20, 2012"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've listened in ages, bought the deluxe edition, heres my review of the tracks, out of 5 stars",6,7,"Sep 24, 2012"
10,"Nelly Furtado is always trendy and creative. She delivered a well-consistent album which can make you understand what is REAL music! Unlike other pop divas such as Rihanna who can't write their own songs + with no musical talent.",5,6,"Sep 20, 2012"
10,"This album is really good. Furtado is mixing a lot of musical styles, but it's done really smoothly and 'effortlessly', which left me feeling that TSI is very coherent album. This could be achieved only by someone who is writing and producing her own songs (and unfortunately really rare in nowadays pop). Pros: main theme of the album, Furtado lyrics, from songs: High life, Miracles and Believers. Cons: sometimes beat is a little bit too overwhelming (eg. Parking lot). In general: highly recommended.",6,8,"Sep 19, 2012"
9,"It's Been 6 Years in The Making from Her last English Language album The Global chart topping 'Loose' And the latin Grammy winning Spanish Language Album 'Mi Plan', Now Nelly Furtado Is Back With An Inspirational-Friendly Punch In The Face Album The Masterpiece 'The Spirit Indestructible' I Will Take The Risk of Saying This Is Defiantly 'Album of the Year' material , The album starts off with the club banging Big Hoops (Bigger The Better) while the reviews and critic for the song were mixed, i Myself find it quiet  Annoying and Cool at the same time, The 2nd track on the album  Spirit Indestructible While I find Uplifting and Inspirational i still feel that it should have got more work done on the track production wise and nelly's vocals, but on it all it's still a good track, The 3rd track 'High Life' featuring Hip Hop Newcomer Ace Primo is said to be Ms.Furtado's favorite track on the album, while the 'La La La's' are cute and the track talks about people who wish fame and fortune and Sometime not everything is shine and bright as it seems, i still didn't find the track to be the Wow track On the album, Now to My Picks for the high lights of the Album, the track such as 'Believers, 'Waiting For The Night', 'Miracles','Bucket List' and 'The Most Beautiful Thing' Are Eargasim and make The Album Classic Nelly Swagg, I Give The Album A (B+) Good Job Nelly!!",2,3,"Sep 19, 2012"
4,"Curioso o novo lbum da Nelly Furtado se chamar 'indestrutvel' quando na verdade  um lbum 'frgil'. Devo admitir que fiquei um pouco triste com o resultado final de The Spirit Indestructible j que havia certa esperana aps o lanamento do primeiro single Big Hoops (Bigger the Better).
O grande problema do lbum  que ele tenta ser conceitual jogando uma pomposidade na construo das canes que no final das contas faz com que Nelly parece deslocada, chata e pouco pedante. O que deve ter acontecido  simples: ela achou que a parceria com o produtor Darkchild poderia render mais que apenas uma boa msica e fez dele o principal condutor The Spirit Indestructible. Um erro grande j que at outros produtores parecem perdidos como o timo Salaam Remi. O lbum fica preso a essa tentativa de parecer mais do que  de verdade apesar de ter uma tima produo de engenharia na elaborao de arranjos. S que a maioria parece datada e arrastada demais. Claro, se houvesse composies mais fortes tudo poderia ajudar o clima, mas a falta de substncia emocional deixa a letras rasas. H vrias tentativas de colocar algo a mais no sentido das composies, mas nada muito relevante aparece. Nelly no tem um desempenho vocal ruim, mas sua voz meio que se perde em tanta grandiosidade sem foco. O mais ncrivel  que o lbum comea tima com as duas canes que o abrem: Spirit Indestructible (resenha a seguir) e o j falado Big Hoops (Bigger the Better). S que depois qualidade cai e nos e levanta mais. S quando a cano Cry, bnus da verso alem, surge  que temos algo realmente bom mesmo sendo quase um b-side do Ray of Light da Madonna. Para piorar a situao, The Spirit Indestructible est flopando de maneira gigantesca que d muita d da Nelly. Contudo, h uma coerencia nos lanamentos de lbuns em ingls dela: o primeiro foi sucesso, o segundo flop, o terceiro sucesso e agora flop. Quer dizer, podemos esperar um prximo lbuns seja um estrondo, mas s espero que seja tambm em qualidade.",1,3,"Oct 19, 2012"
9,"This album has that 'magical feeling'. Though the production feels misguided and heavy-handed at times, overall it makes you longing to listen again.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2012"
10,"Although it's not as amazing as the multi-platinum previous album of hers 'Loose', 'The Spirit Indestructible' is the first album in months that I actually am amazed by. The sound is very different from mainstream pop music that we've become accustomed to hearing. She actually sings about things that do not involve dying young or 'putting your drinks up and partying all night like it's the end of the world'. NO. She goes beyond that and you cannot help but appreciate it. 'Spirit Indestructible', 'Waiting for the Night' and 'Parking Lot' are amazing songs that you will come to love after a few listens. Overall, the album is a piece of work that stands out and I am not going to stop playing it in my car day after day anytime soon.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2012"
10,"It should be a crime this album is so underrated. Surely one of the best in her career! Nelly treading into new territories, traveling and experiencing new genres from R & B to current pop, still flirting with the pop-rock on some tracks. Deserved a resounding success.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2012"
5,"Nelly Furtado seems to be destined to be a one hit wonder. Her first single 'Fly like a Bird' is so infectious and good that her other efforts seemed to be lesser in quality.  After completely reinventing herself in her previous album, which was brilliant by the way, Nelly went back to her root, which is more in the vein of 'folk pop', leading to mixed results.  If you are a fan of her, you wouldn't be disappointed.  Others, buy this album with caution.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2012"
10,"The music mixes the unpredictability of Whoa, Nelly! and Folklore with the more 'aware' dance-pop of Loose with super surprisingly fun, cohesive, and effortless-sounding results; her lyrics are at once the most simple and profound of her career, reaching into the spiritual depths of her oldest material while taking a cue from the new so that absolutely nothing sounds laborious; and, finally, the range of her voice is explored and hits notes and lingers on melodies I never fully believed possible from this artist. This is the centerpiece of her career, from an artistic standpoint, and exactly the kind of album needed in these times. True to its name, it's often transcendent and bravely attempts return music to those things that matter most, instead of simply what sells the easiest. It's no wonder it hasn't been received better (not much this great ever is).
Nelly proves, in spite of certain stumbles along the way, that she is the most relevant and important pop artist at work 13 years running.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2013"
7,"This is Nelly's 'Ray of Light'. It's ike Kylie's 'Impossible Princess'. It's not contemporary nor EDM. It's a perfect balance of heart and soul. Reviews are low probably due to it's lack of logical single choices. Big Hoops is clearly one of the lesser tracks. Miracles would have been more suited for the job of lead single.
Memorable Things: Diary Entry+Waiting for The Night, Miracles, Bucket List, Thoughts, Believers (Arab Spring)
Things to skip: The Most Beautiful Thing, Don't Leave Me.",0,0,"May 19, 2013"
7,"This is one of the most curious mainstream album from a mainstream pop artist I've heard so far. It is experimental. That speaks for itself: some songs can be easily enjoyed, others need some more listening to get through.
Surely, collecting all of the bonus tracks on the various editions is rather tricky but definitely worths it, given the fact that some of the best are there ('Don't leave me', 'Skylight', 'Hold back').
Highlights here are the amazing 'Bucket List', 'Spirit Indestructible', 'Waiting for the Night', 'Big Hoops (Bigger the Better)'.
Weird, personal and not-so-easy, yet intriguing.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2015"
6,"'Now,  let me say, this album is far from bad. It has the cute-cheesy fun-themes with 'Call Me Maybe', 'Good Time' and 'Hurt So Good', and that's pretty cool. But, with Carly being a 27-year-old (yes... 27-year-old), I believe she's being flying with the fairies to much. It drives repetition and general pop music off the rails with her debut. Its not a great release, but... ehh not near a bad release either, just another teen-pop album.'",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
7,"Eu vou ser direto: eu gostei do lbum da Carly Rae Jepsen. No que Kiss seja uma obra de arte pop ou vai mudar algo no mundo da msica, mas no meio de tanta massificao do pop ver algo simples  at bom.
Kiss  basicamente um lbum de pop/teen/chiclete conduzido de maneira leve. Falando basicamente de amor de maneira bem fofa, leve e at bobinha. So canes feitas para embalar amores platnicos de meninas de doze anos que se apaixonam pela primeira vez. Se no so grandes obras, as canes fazem o que se propem de maneira primorosa com um litro de gua com acar em cada uma e refres grudentos. Admito que  estranho ver uma MULHER de VINTE E SEIS ANOS soar como se estivesse quinze anos em um mundo ainda de inocncia, mas Carly no  das piores cantoras. Ela consegue segurar a onda dentro do nicho dela. Sem produtores de destaque Kiss termina de maneira positiva mesmo preso dentro das normas de pop que fez de Call Me Maybe sucesso mundial sem nenhuma ousadia na construo das canes. A melhor cano do lbum fica para Tonight I",1,1,"Nov  4, 2012"
7,"Very nice album, so sad Carly don't make sucess
Pontos altos: Tonight I'm Getting Over You and Guitar String / Wedding Ring
Pontos baixos: Almost Said It and Sweetie",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
5,"The album is an okay album. Some of the songs are a bit repetitive. some of the production is not as clean and finesse as I initially wanted it to be. I like the album but not enough to give it a 6 or higher score. Some of the best tracks are 'This Kiss', 'Beautiful' and 'Guitar String/Wedding Ring'",8,12,"Sep 18, 2012"
10,"This album is very good. With beats and dance breaks that take one back to the 80s. Carly Rae is taking pop to a new level, with this, the best debut album of 2012. After her triumphant first single, Call Me Maybe, her new album carries over similar themes of innocent pop music just to dance to. While most of the album is sugary pop, there are a few tracks that are heartfelt and true. On such tracks as Your Heart is a Muscle the piano and her voice resonate to your own heart. On Tonight I'm Getting Over You she portrays a certain vulnerability. This is easily one of the best debut albums of the 2010's.",3,5,"Sep 20, 2012"
9,"Kiss is a very sweet pop album. Almost too sweet to handle. And that's perfect. Kiss contains catchy hooks and pretty, sugar-coated beats. No fillers here. It's all pure, fun pop. Jepsen's lyrics are very clever and surprisingly interesting, but her best attribute: her voice. Carly's best and most memorable vocal moment is 'Tonight I'm Getting Over You', where Carly shows some intense vulnerability. 'More Than A Memory' is also a great vocal highlight with less vulnerability than 'Tonight I'm Getting Over You', but with some very girly and hard power. Production-wise, it's very good. Disney-fied, it may be, but who cares? It's pretty pop from a rising star trying to attract younger listeners, because, after all, the young audience are the ones listening to the radio and buying records. The beats are all very cute and well..sweet as hell. There are no bad songs here, unless you really just don't like 'Good Time' and 'Turn Me Up' could be considered a bit dumb. Carly Rae is a 26-year old woman and the fact that she made such a bubblegum teen pop album is a bit weird. But, Carly can just pull the teen look very, very well. It almost feels like this is what Carly was meant to do: make music for teens. Kiss will not disappoint , unless of course, you are a grouch who won't smile at a rainbow or even a puppy then Kiss is NOT the album for you. HIGHLIGHTS: More Than A Memory, This Kiss, Tonight I'm Getting Over You, Guitar String/Wedding Ring, Your Heart Is A Muscle SONGS THAT ARE MEANT TO BE SKIPPED: Turn Me Up, Good Time (only if you absolutely hate it)",4,7,"Oct 10, 2012"
10,"Here's the deal: This album is FANTASTIC.
I'm a 27yo dude, and when I first heard 'Call Me Maybe' I thought, oh it's catchy and not bad but just another bubblegum-pop girl. Decided to go out on a limb and check out this CD, and it's absolutely amazing! 'This Kiss' is one of the best pop songs this year - right up there with Call Me Maybe and Gangnam Style. 'Turn Me Up' and 'Hurt So Good' are also terrific. Check it out.",2,4,"Sep 21, 2012"
9,"A lot of artists nowadays release an album comprising of 2-3 singles and the rest being just boring, bland album tracks.
This album, however, is different in the fact that each song has received equal commitment in the making which is what makes this album so great.",1,2,"Sep 22, 2012"
0,"pure **** unoriginal, one of the worst pop albums of the year! she's 26 trying to look like 16 years old, pathetic! the successful of Call Me Maybe is misunderstood, 0/10",7,15,"Sep 28, 2012"
10,"Kiss represents the true worldwide debut of Carly Rae Jepsen.
The album features a consistent and predominant 80s style pop, which is a throwback to the times and influences of Cyndi Lauper, Kylie Minogue and Madonna. But Kiss doesn't feel old and dated - it was reenginereed and adapted to the modern day and age, with tracks like Call Me Maybe, Tonight I'm Getting Over You and Good Time.
Some downsides are present, however. At times, Carly's delivery feels tired and unoriginal. This is notorious in Beautiful, which despite being a cute ballad, is not enough to keep up with the high standards of the rest of the album. The overuse of background elements in some songs are also detrimental to her vocals.
With the knack to grow on you rapidly, many will end up being her fans after a couple of playthroughs. Call Me Maybe alone is not enough to condense this album into a single song, and she must be given a chance to impress. There are about 7 huge, catchy and potential singles that could net Carly a huge amount of sales and recognition.
Make no doubt about it, Carly is here to stay.",3,7,"Sep 19, 2012"
10,"Best pop album of 2012 easily, and personally my favourite album ever. Money is well spent buying it! :) Tonight I'm Getting Over You is a future #1 hit. And basically all the songs are single material, no filler at all.",5,14,"Sep 18, 2012"
0,"This is one of the laziest albums ever made. Im still in shock of her success from call me maybe, The only song that doesn't make you hate her (even more than most already do)  Is tonight im getting over you. The rest of the songs are just pure pop trash",2,6,"Nov  7, 2012"
1,"The album's theme is so sweet, it makes me puke. I'm surprised because I've never imagined that such an album would come out of a 26 year old female singer. The album is uninspiring, meaningless and reductive.",4,13,"Sep 20, 2012"
10,"This album honestly surprised me. I wasn't sure if I was going to get it. But WOW! Best pop album of the past decade! This is a MUST buy! Call Me Maybe and Good Time are one of my least favourite from the album. That's how amazing 'Kiss' IS",1,4,"Sep 19, 2012"
5,"Carly Rae Jepsen New Album , should focus on her voice more than catchy hooks.  She sounds very good with her voice , but not using it  for her album. Also most of her album just sounds like Good Time.",0,1,"Sep 30, 2012"
5,"By listen the songs, i just have one thing to say about it: 'awwww she's so cute...but...wait, she's 27 ! I saw it ten years ago  when Avril Lavigne arrives on the scene and don't liked it. So Carly just have to put shame on her face and come back with a mature album. Give blowjobs is the best thing she can do, because in music she turns into a disaster.",0,4,"Oct  6, 2012"
6,"Carly Rae Jepsen's album Kiss is not the  worst i've heard but is also not the best  I believe she as a lot of skills to be a great artist. The album is the tipical teen sweet pop kind with catchy dancing songs althought i was very surprised with her nominations for the 13' Grammy Awards  i just don't think she did a job that was worth Grammy nominations",0,1,"Apr 26, 2013"
4,"Carly Rae Jepsen seems to dominate the chart these days, and while her single 'Call Me Maybe' is infectious, the rest of the album is a repetitive mess.  Missing the attitude or distinct pop 'persona' of her contemporaries such as Ke$ha or Katy Perry, or the talent of 'artists' such as Adele, I'm not really sure whey Americans like her very much. The songs sounded the same, her vocal range limited; buy the album if you really need to hear 'Call Me Maybe' again and again.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2012"
1,"The whole album is crafted with formulaic pop melodies and old tricks. So very, very boring and uninspired. I don't even know what to say, it's just bad.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2013"
4,"Does Carly Rae Jepsen really have superstar potential? Yes, she does. Multi-platinum hit single 'Call Me Maybe' was an oh so simple yet oh so catchy and slyly clever pop song that's still poisoning the radio, and Jepsen's soft, often scratchy vocals are delightful at times. But for fans that were looking for a singer-songwriter-esque album might as well wait. Kiss is one of the most overly produced, overly polished, and overwhelmingly formulaic pop albums of the year. Aside from 'This Kiss', a lovely 1980's-esque electro-rock song about forbidden love, everything on Kiss takes away from Jepsen's natural charisma and turns it into wannabe dance-pop singles. Whoever opined to remix 'Curiosity', an already catchy dance-pop song that had a heartwrenching story behind it, into a underwhelming dance-pop song wrongfully stacked with Auto Tune, Vocoders, and more 'Call Me Maybe'-esque synth strings should be fired from production. Kiss is also way behind Jepsen's years (the ballad with teen heart throb Justin Bieber is cheesy tween-pop fare). It'd have been lovely to hear a more natural side to Jepsen, while still hearing those catchy bubblegum pop moments that surrounded her number-one single. And maybe we'll see that one day, AFTER Jepsen earns her already deserved creative control.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2012"
8,"Refreshingly attitude free pop album in the early 2000s girl pop style with a little Kylie and house gently mixed in. But the stylistic references are never in the way of the delectable melodies; the backbone is solid pop writing. There is none of the shopworn and tired, not to mention sad, overly sexualized postering; no references to Ds and buts and other dehumanizing ever-present tropes of crudeness- I know you can provide your own examples. Instead, Carly is allowed to be a normal, decent person singing simple romantic songs. So straight.
There is also something to be said for the summery production; sure on some songs it's uses all the cheapest techno/house gimmicks -the accelerating snare drums and the rest, in particular in 'Tonight I'm Getting Over...' (Max Martin)-  but it's all so much in fun, so unpretentious, that it's forgivable.
It is not a groundbreaking or particularly interesting album, but it succeeds in being a solid pop album.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2015"
8,"A purely unabashed pop album that is completely unfazed by its own sweetness, never stopping to forgive anyone for being so. Hook laden production that sits within its own slice of 80's bubblegum fun, Jepsen has created her very own girl-next-door sound which is immediately recognisable. Only the ill-advised Bieber collaboration weakens the deal.",0,0,"May 27, 2013"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen's second studio album is bubblegum pop perfection. The production and lyrics are all seamless, full of emotion, and explore many different feelings. From party songs like 'This Kiss', to heartbreaking ballads 'Your Heart Is A Muscle', Carly makes you fall in love with her. It's sweet pop music that's not trying to be anything it's not. I love all 19 tracks and I can't wait for her third album.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
5,"'Kiss' is just average. There are no really good songs, or no really bad songs. But Carly Rae Jepsen has a lot of potential that will probably show on her next album.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
9,"Kiss isn't so bad. I liked all of the songs except for Beautiful (ft. Justin Bieber) and Guitar String/Wedding Ring. Beautiful was boring, and Guitar/Wedding Ring was a bit awkward. But catchy songs like Tiny Little Bows and Curiosity save it from being boring - keep it up, Carly!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2014"
0,"A true bore of an album it is a real snooze fest of an album the songs are all pure cheese and not the fun type one I would never listen to again even if you paid me. A Miss.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
5,"Kiss  um lbum bom na primeira vez que escutamos. Viciamos em todas as msicas. Depois de um tempo todas elas enjoam. Todas as msicas do lbum so praticamente iguais, e as letras chegam a ser infantis.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2014"
7,"Carly Rae Jepsen's 2012 album, 'Kiss', is as sweet as pop gets. While it's success may have been  overshadowed by the release of the world-dominating single, 'Call Me Maybe', her international debut is far from a terrible record. Each song sounds like it was ripped straight out of a 13-year-olds diary, and in that respect, may be a bit inappropriate for this (at the time) 26-year-old, but that doesn't mean they're bad. In fact, every song that permeates this perfect pop album could be an instant mega-hit.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2015"
10,"incredible and magistrar album please buy this album, I promise that you will have the best music we hear every day as this album is very cheerful the album of year of pop",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, you should definitely check it out as its a great sophomore (first) album. It has pure  bubblegum pop tracks all the way to sweet ballads.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"ARRUMA ESSA NOTA 57 AGORA ESSE ALBUM  UM HINRIO E QUEM NAO GOSTOU PODE PEGAR UMA TESOURA ENFERRUJADA E SE MATAR ESSE FOI FEITO POR DEUS AKA MARINA AND THE DIAMONDS",4,4,"Jan 28, 2016"
7,"Fazer um lbum conceitual hoje em dia  extremamente complicado devido a fatores mercadolgicos. Fazer um lbum conceitual eletropop  ainda mais difcil. Numa poca onde a maioria das msicas no passam de 'vamos danar a noite inteira' como assunto e batidas feitas apenas para bombar nas paradas, ter espao para criar composies que vo alm de tudo isso  de tirar o chapu. Ento, j podemos esperar algo interessante do lbum Electra Heart da galesa Marina & The Diamond. Nem que o resultado final seja irregular.
O segundo trabalho dela  a histria da glria e queda da 'personagem' Electra Heart. Misturando influncias do mundo pop que vo desde Madonna at Pet Shop Boys em uma moldura de 'tragdia pop-grega'. Devido a isso o lbum embarca em um tom sombrio e dramtico onde ela usa bastante de cinismo, humor negro e uma pitada da sadismo calculado. Apesar de trabalho com nomes do pop comercial atual como Dr. Luke, Sategate e o DJ Diplo, ela d espao para produtores que a ajudou a lanar seu primeiro lbum, The Family Jewels em 2010. Do comeo ao fim, Electra Heart  um trabalho impressionante se tratando de arranjos. Cada msica tem sua grandiosidade prpria e soa elegantemente original. Indo na contramo do 'tradicional', Marina tem uma poderosa voz que necessita de quase nada para mostrar a que veio. Os efeitos vocais so utilizados de maneira inteligente deixando a voz dela brilhar naturalmente. O grande problema  como a 'histria' de Electra. Entre composies inspiradssimas cheias de sarcasmos, o lbum tem vrias letras fracas artisticamente falando. Faltou para certas msicas uma pegada mais refinada e, em algumas, mais inteligente. Esses momentos fazem o resultado do lbum cair levando junto a tima produo envolta delas. E devo dizer que  uma pena, pois quando ela acerta  de aplaudir de p. A genial Homewrecker (uma das melhores msicas do ano at agora) em estilo fala/canta uma Marina que no tem medo admitir que  uma 'destruidora de lares' que no acredita no amor. Fazendo uma aberta e avassaladora crtca ao mundo dos dolos pop na genial Teen Idle. Outros bons momentos esto no single Primadonna (resenha a seguir),  a triste Starring Role e na dark Valley of the Dolls. J os momentos  fracos concentram em Lies, Power & Control e chatinha Hypocrates que destoa do resto do lbum. O resultado  irregular, mas  louvvel ver algum fazendo algo diferente.",2,2,"Nov  4, 2012"
10,"This is my 2nd favorite album of all time (behind The Family Jewels)
It took me a while to warm up to this album (as it did with the family jewels) but now that I've gotten used to them I absolutely love them! You should buy this album and find Living Dead, Buy the Stars, Lonely Hearts Club and Scab and Plaster, because they are also fantastic. Just give this album a chance and listen to every song at least 3 times, then you will LOVE it. If you must, only get Bubblegum **** Lies, Homewrecker, Starring Role, How to be a Heartbreaker, and Fear and Loathing. Primadonna is her most popular song, and probably to easiest to like, but not my personal favorite",2,2,"Aug 24, 2012"
10,"Great album. Really nice. Primadonna, How To Be A Heartbreaker and Power and Control are the top 3 tracks from the album. I am glad this album did somewhat well.",2,2,"May 12, 2013"
7,"The moral of the story is that though it is nice to have an expensive production team, oodles of marketing appeal and great lyrics, one should really examine that all three things can actual co-exist to make something magical as opposed to something unmemorable.  That being said, this album is far from terrible, but overall is a grand disappointment when relating it what was to Marinas near perfect debut album, 2009s 'The Family Jewels'.",2,2,"Feb  7, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've ever listened. There aren't even one song that I don't like, Marina's sarcasm is incredible and she knows well how to do great songs. Why the **** is it rated only 57? People don't understand art.",2,2,"Aug 28, 2014"
10,"No h sentido na nota de crticos neste lbum.
O lbum  uma mistura perfeita dos esteretipos empregnados na sociedade (em mulheres)
Marina soube misturar vrias coisas e transforma-lo em lbum que conecta coisas do dia-a-dia, mas mulheres de nosso cotidiano, Donas de Casa, Destrudora de Lares entre outras.
Alm dos vocais estarem impecveis com um toque de pera em voz grave em suas msicas, as tornando nicas.",2,2,"Oct 15, 2014"
7,"Electra Heart is full of hooks and some high lyrical points. However, some songs feel like they were thrown together compared to others. Some moments are great both musically with songs like 'Primadonna', 'Lies', 'Homewrecker', 'State of Dreaming' and 'Sex Yeah!' But honestly, this album is a bit of a disappointment compared to The Family Jewels.",1,1,"Jun 25, 2014"
10,"About a year ago I first heard Primadonna, and now I've become a fully-fledged Diamond. This album is easily my favourite of the two, and arguably my favourite album. The lyrics painting all too relatable pictures, of obsession with fame, social anxiety and gender wars in romance alongside a reasonably well deserified tone and sound of the backing music make this album quite the treat.",1,1,"May 22, 2013"
9,"What is so wrong with this album that the critics give it a 57? i just don't get it. Well then again most of the time i just don't agree with the critics and i think the fans should speak for themselves.",1,1,"Jun 23, 2013"
10,"Pop music the way it should be. Shedding a new light on what we do or don't stand for. Meaningful lyrics with extremely catchy melody's. A must have for all types of people. It can make you cry at the same time as making you want to dance all night.",1,1,"Oct 28, 2013"
9,"One of my favorite albums! Eventhough 'love' is an album theme we use to see everywhere, she knows how to make it original! Well Done Marina!  Se agapame!!",1,1,"Nov 14, 2013"
8,"The funny thing here is that Electra Heart had everything to be just another generic electropop album, but Marina to add your intelligent and well-crafted compositions, shows that a singer can make smart electropops songs, unlike Ke$ha and derivatives.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2013"
9,"Marina did a very good job telling the story of a woman who posed as a homewrecker, a suburban girl, and a teen idol. But I hate State of Dreaming. It hurts my ears.",1,1,"May 10, 2014"
9,"I met Marina at The Family Jewels, her first album. And there was a drastic change in her, not only in the hair, as well as in his music. I love love pop and alternative, so I knew it was going to love. Right? Right I was! Marina creates a character named Electra Heart which represents all the archetypes of the American women: Primadonna, Teen Idle, Homewrecker and Su-Barbie-A. All songs have perfect and symbolic compositions, all of them represent one of the archetypes. Marina's voice is still wonderful as ever. Electra Heart is a milestone in my life, for sure. I can't think about a favorite song because I love all, seriously!",1,1,"Jun 26, 2014"
10,"I have no idea what the critics were thinking on this one, it is Marina at her best, which is amazing. She has catchy hooks you can dance to, but the lyricism is genius. Very strong messages, about life and love. I could listen to only this album for a year and be happy.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2015"
9,"Whereas The Family Jewels showcased Marina's quirky and spunky side, Electra Heart shows off her sexy femme fatale side. The music is more mainstream pop this time around and slightly more generic, but it's actually executed surprisingly well and the production is incredibly cohesive, which makes for a great listen start to finish. I also commend Marina for having some of the catchiest hooks and beautiful melodies of all the female pop stars I know, even moreso than Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Madonna, to name a few. She is clearly a very smart and talented songwriter, and her unique voice makes her even more of a standout, in my opinion.
Oh, and by the way, **** the critics. Seriously, I don't understand what's so mediocre about this to warrant a 57. If you're looking for artistic merit, then yeah, you might be disappointed, but if you take this for the fun pop music it is, it's actually quite fantastic. Whatever, they committed the same INJUSTICE against Teenage Dream so I guess I'll just have to get used to it...",1,1,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"Clearly there is something wrong with critics if they give it a 57 rating, when the audience/fans give it a 8.5/10 equivalent to 85/100.  Clearly they did not understand the concept and the songs.  Every song is meaningful and has a deep meaning.  It is so sad how this album got so much hate and bad reviews, when it is lyrically amazing and great songs.  I am so disappointed because Marina works so hard and has so much pure talent.",1,1,"Mar 20, 2015"
10,"claro que EH merecia meu 10, s primadonna e lies acaba com a discografia inteira de Froot.
Os frutasf insistem em falar mimimi s porque ele tem mais aceitao em pblico e charts, vai todo mundo pro inferno",1,1,"Apr 23, 2015"
8,"8 , s por conta de 3 msicas que n curti ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",1,1,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"To me, it seems like critics decided to hate on this album just because it has a mainstream sound, as if it's necessarily something bad. But they claim it is, since Marina was known as an indie artist. The result of this album is fantastic and better than most mainstream pop albums. Every song is done amazingly with flawless production and meaningful deep lyrics, and Marina's incredible vocal ability does the songs justice. Not to mention the concept of the album, which was brilliant and unique, and also made this album become more than just an album, but an experience. The satire and character in this album are very real, strong, relatable and smart. Weakest tracks: How To Be A Heartbreaker & Hypocrates. besides that, every song is very strong and outstanding. I'd give a 9.5 but since there's no such option I gave the closest option.",1,1,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"I REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THE ALBUM HAS 57 AS SCORE, is a really good record, Marina's great voice plus the deep lyrics, make perfection together.",1,1,"Jun 22, 2016"
10,"nunca aceitarei esse album n ter sido aceito por essa bosta de critica do caralho vai tomar no cu quem deu amarelo quem deu verde parabens n fez mais que a obrigacao",2,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is everything a perfect album should be!!!  Best Pop Album of 2012 !!!  The highlight songs of this album are Primadonna,Starring Role, Homewrecker,Living Dead and Teen Idle. Therr isn't a single filler song in the album. Beautiful imagery and concept, couldn't ask for any better.",8,13,"Jul 13, 2012"
7,"It's flawed and at times pretentious, but it's the sign of an artist who knows what she wants and has potential for great things. Make sure to download 'Buy the Stars', 'Lonely Hearts Club', and 'Living Dead', three of the best cuts which didn't make the US edition.",3,6,"Jul 11, 2012"
10,"Honestly This Is The 2nd Best Album Of 2012! (#1 Born To Die, Lana Del Rey) Very Amazing Vocals And Creative Lyrics!
Marina Gives You Somthing Really Special!",3,6,"Jul 28, 2012"
9,"Marvelous album. Possibly my favorite of the year. Probably the only pop album I will ever enjoy.  I don't usually listen to music in this genre, I'm usually more into rock and punk, but this album first grabbed my attention when i first listened to the acoustic version of her song 'Lies' It was so beautiful I made sure to pre-order the album, It didn't disappoint. The songs are fun and catchy but have actual meaning in them and as Marina is listed as the first song writer it makes the songs a lot more special. I'm a sucker for talent, and there's defiantly a lot in this album. My only complaint is it wasn't released with a few great songs.",3,6,"Jul 11, 2012"
7,"Very nice indie album, Marina's voice is so wonderful, I need more this.
Highlights: How To Be A Heartbraker and Lies
Lows: Starring Role and Hypocrates",1,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
6,"We have to face it. The whole entire Electra Heart persona is basically just an excuse to make music that's more marketable than the Family Jewels. I know her occasionally-deluded fans don't want to admit it, but it's true. I think even Marina wants to convince it to herself at this point.
With that out of the way, Electra Heart is a semi-clever and incredibly-fun sophomore effort. The big problem is that when you make a concept album, especially one this big, you need a more complex character then 'She's a stereotypical rich ****",2,6,"Aug 21, 2012"
8,"I just like it . Downloaded amiel sande, missy higgins and foo fighters on the same day but still choose this album. maybe Im missing lilly alllen for the quirky choice. Love the melody in lies though - always catch myself humming it. For the record downloaded it via Samsung.
good work - keep it up",1,3,"Jul 16, 2012"
0,"Unfortunately, Marina used to be an amazing artist. The Family Jewels was perfect but Electra Heart is something really weak. I expected more from her and I got only two good songs from this album.",1,4,"Oct  9, 2015"
5,"As a teenager, it is easy for me to relate to this album and to its meaning. The idea of an 'alter-ego theme' album is appealing, and the lyrics of the album are meaningful enough. At least that is what it seems. I though about my opinion on 'Electra Heart' many times and I came to the conclusion that Marina Diamandis achieves what she says she wants on 'Teen Idle': 'I wanna be a real fake'.
'Electra Heart' starts horribly: 'Bubblegum **** is an annoying combination of childish cliches: 'I'll chew you up and I'll spit you out/",1,5,"Oct 11, 2012"
0,"Marina can expose any excuse but there isn't a good reason for made this album like she made it. Her voice and the really annoying electronic pop music make a incredibly nasty combination, there are some good lyrics which are ruined with the rest of the song/album. Marina is one of my favorite singers but this is a dissapointment. Fortunately, with 'Froot' she changed this horrendous style. Primadonna girl, yeah, all I ever wanted is ruin my image...",1,6,"Sep  7, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing, very dark and strange but still as good as the family jewels. The album is flawless, all the songs are fantastic, my favorite songs are primadonna, bubblegum  and power and control",0,1,"May 29, 2013"
6,"Marina has the idea of what is what she wants with her music. She has her own style; her own way to compose and a big voice, everything is reflect in this album. Certainly she needs to take a change in the rhythm of her songs to do not become a boring singer.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2013"
4,"Mbushur me melodram lirik , instrumentale mbaj fle , dhe t thjesht nga tema memec , Electra Zemra nuk sht asgj m shum se ditari studentsh shkolln e mesme . Nprmjet ktyre gabimet , disa kng jan gjysm t vrteta me prmbajtje .
4/10",0,3,"Nov  9, 2014"
6,"Though I am huge fan of the singles from the album, I think that 'Electra Heart' falls short of what could have been... apparently 'Primadonna' is indeed the diamond in the rough...",0,1,"Jul  5, 2015"
6,"I think this is the worst album of Marina, although I love her. Looks like she was trying to be a mainstream pop artist and she failed :| Songs like 'Bubblegum **** and 'How to be a Heartbreaker' are terrible. Anyways, the album has a good concept and story. I'm 100% sure that american criticians gave it a negative review just because she 'insulted' the american culture.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2015"
8,"I really enjoyed this album. The production feels very modern yet classic. And Marina's operatic vocals are superb. The album is a retro dance-pop opus. Electra Heart contains amazingly catchy. The hooks are very radio-friendly and instantly catch the ear. There are some very quirky beats in this album as well. Electra is not all electronic, though. There are clear trip hop influences especially in songs Teen Idle and Starring Role. There is a new wave, indie pop feel in the song Hypocrates. And the album's cathcy and lyrically smart album opener, Bubblegum **** feels very glam rock. The album may come off a sophomore effort to push Diamandis into the mainstream world, but the lyrics are actually very smart. It's not some dumb, sexual, brainless album. It is very..well, ballsy. Electra is very well executed. Some tracks come off as woozy, though. Especially in the tracks: Valley of the Dolls and Hypocrates. Also, Electra Heart is packed with cheerleader, school-yard chants and stompers. Most notably in the songs, Bubblegum **** Homewrecker, and How To Be A Heartbreaker. Overall, the album comes off as a smart, easily mainstream, and powerful album packed with some amazing lyrical punch. HIGHLIGHTS: Teen Idle, The State of Dreaming, Bubblegum **** Primadonna, How To Be A Heartbreaker  SONGS THAT ARE TO BE SKIPPED: Valley of the Dolls, Sex Yeah",0,0,"Jul 26, 2012"
7,"Electra Heart is fun and energetic, providing plenty of charm and wit to keep fans satisfied, however I do think some of the lyrics here and there are a little clumsy at times and that a few of the tracks are a little overproduced. But besides that, the album is still an enjoyable one.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
9,"This is one of the best albums for 2012. 'Electra Heart' has some great classic pop songs. I really like 'Primadonna', 'Power & Control', 'Homewecker' & 'Lies'. I really like the acoustic version of 'Lies'.  I hope this album become one of the best-selling albums of 2012. It sells good for a debut artist worldwide with second studio album.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2012"
9,"9/10 - 'Electra Heart manages to balance the ironic and the heartfelt, the quirky and the mainstream, the real and the fake with remarkable aplomb' - BBC Music",0,0,"Feb 27, 2016"
7,"A strong second album from Marina which clearly indicates how versatile she is as an artist. It's far from perfect, but the imperfections do little to detract from the album's sound. It's clear that Marina - unlike many of her contemporaries - does more than turn up at the studio to record some vocals. She's involved from start-to-finish. If this is anything to go by, Marina has a great future ahead of her. A very good album.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2012"
8,"There are plenty of songs that define the definition of pop, such as the flawless 'Primadonna'. But there are also a few songs that seem very mellowed out, i.e., 'Fear and Loathing'. I just recently listened to this album and I overall believe Marina will crack the US with her pop songs very soon!",0,0,"Dec  8, 2012"
10,"Electra Heart is an excessively underrated album, and those who have taken the time to learn the album, listen to the lyrics and look past the brilliant (but considered generic and tacky) production have learned that it's a fantastic album. Every song has meaning and carefully crafted lyrics, and while the production is seemingly basic and flat, if you listen to it properly and line it up with the lyrics then they compliment each other almost masterfully.
It's an album anyone would enjoy, but like an Eternal Sunshine.../Cloud Atlas style film it baffles the simple minded who aren't willing to TRY and understand it, and shines for those that pay attention.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2013"
10,"A Perfect Album! A Pop Soapopera!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"I had never heard of Marina before i heard Primadonna on Now 82, but i am so glad i did, she is brilliant. The album is dark but very enjoyable, the songs were all great, especially power and control and lies.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2013"
9,"The critic had been so bad with Electra Heart. This nearly made me hate the all critic. Electra Heart isn't better than The Family Jewels, but is perfect like it.",0,0,"May  6, 2013"
10,"Marina and the diamonds used the pop in his favor, got together with feeling and deep lyrics with a pop production and accurate.
Electra heart is an intelligent pop album, cohesive and a great singer behind it.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2013"
7,"What seems to be based around a self absorbed nutcase, Electra Heart is probably one of the greatest concept albums of all time. Let downs can occur during certain tracks, though a lot of this is to blame on the lacking of material written by Marina Diamandis. The high morale present in the voice of Diamandis is always a good sign whilst listening to Electra Heart.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2013"
10,"Electra Heart possu um conceito enorme, letras boas sem contar os vocais maravilhosos da Marina (Principalmente em faixas como Radioactive,Valley Of The Dolls e Teen Idle)  um lbum bem interessante  muito bem concentrado.
Sem contar que  meu lbum fave",0,0,"Oct 15, 2015"
9,"A different direction for Marina proved to be exactly what she needed in order to retain the interest in her. Her own brand of electronic-pop is quirky, yet not off-putting, and highlights that she is able to change her style at the crack of a whip, which in this day and age is something not all artists are able to do, and in this climate is something that has to be done to retain her star quality.
While some may call the album lackluster and generic, I feel that it is refreshing to hear her in a different genre. Highlights of the album include 'How To Be A Heartbreaker' and 'Lies' while additions such as 'Lonely Hearts Club' and 'Valley Of The Dolls' offer yet another side of Marina we were yet to see.
Overall a great package, though I wouldn't personally have her record another album in the genre",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
7,"ELECTRA EST MORTA! Segundo lbum da Marina, uma puxada mais pro pop, decadncia em Marina? Fez de tudo para hitar nesse lbum, mas s 2 msicas realmente fizeram sucesso. Nem Dr. Luke te ajudou. Mas o disco no  ruim. Cada msica  um novo sentimento, cada msica se encaixa em um momento da vida do ouvinte (ele querendo ou no).",0,0,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Electra Heart is a really good album, the songs seems like its telling us a history. For sure, one of the best pop albums of 2012!! Songs like Teen Idle, Starring Role, Primadonna and Lies are a masterpiece. Congrats Marina!",0,0,"Nov 24, 2015"
9,"Electra Heart is a great album!  um hinrioooo, no merece a nota que tem, deveria ser maior! It has a marvelous concept, and a lot of information at the same time, that makes it hard to understand at the start, but the more you listen to it, the more you will understand it. I love this album so much, I can't explain. The concept, the archetypes were very planned and everything was made so well. Electra Heart, the character, was iconic. And video series, named The Archetypes were great too. They showed the story behind Electra very well. I can't choose a favourite track, they all are perfect.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2016"
8,"In her second album, Marina came like a Pop-Star, someone who cold compete with Teenage Dream by Katy Perry. But theres a difference btween her and them. She uses her music to talk t the masses in a very smart way, showing as Electra is an emotional and problematic women as much Marina critics the alienating, consumist, and fakeness in society today, making the teen public who met her through 'Primadonna' get a new look of their sense of life. Generic beats and melodies can make yo love or hate this album from a momento to other, or fade through the time, but, althoght Electra Heart is a very confusing album, but it does actually work.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"Electra Heart  sem dvida um dos melhores lbuns da dcada, o lbum  simplesmente perfeito, desde o instrumental at as letras e os vocais, um conceito incrvel, sempre ter uma fase da vida da icnica Electra Heart que voc ir se identificar, infelizmente muitos crticos acabaram no entendam o conceito desse lbum incrvel,  realmente uma grande injustia essa nota 57 para o melhor lbum da Marina.
Electra Heart: Um lbum muito alm do pop mainstream.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
8,"In this album Marina embraces Electra Heart as an alter ego and it worked out pretty well. Electronic beats with clever and ironic lyrics make this album even better. She talks about relationships, fame, reputation, mental health, sexism and makes incredible metaphors.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
10,"ALBUM ICONICO CLIPES ICONICOS SHOWS ICONICOS VOCES DAO 57 O CONCEITO  IMPECAVEL MAS VOCES SAO BURROS NAO SABEM INTERPRETAR NAO ACEITO ESSA INJUSTICA COM A MARINa",0,0,"Sep 15, 2016"
1,"I found this collection of noise (I won't give it the courtesy of even being called an album) generally unpleasant. The first time you hear it, some of the songs are catchy, I'll give Brown that. However, after listening to it a second, third, or fourth time, you realize you've wasted your time trying to convince your ears that this was even worth listening to. If the songs aren't about sex, they're about how great his life is compared to his haters (which he doesn't even have, might I add); it's just shallow. The only song I found even CLOSE to being written and not just calculated was 'Don't Judge Me'. Even that song, however, turned me off, being that it's an obvious plea to the listener to forgive what he's done, which honestly, comes off as arrogant in my opinion. Don't ASK for forgiveness; you'll get it as society sees fit. As many reviews have already said, the collection of noise wasn't 'written' per se, but rather 'computed, calculated, and formulated'. It's as if he listened to the radio for hours on end and decided to try and recreate it, which he ultimately failed in doing. The collection is sure to please his blind fans, but to anyone with an ear for good music, this is a piece of garbage. It's simply not worth your time to even consider purchasing this catastrophe.",8,11,"Aug  1, 2012"
7,"Yet again, critics pick on Chris Brown because of his personal drama. This is a surprisingly good album with a nice blend of R&B, pop, hip hop, and dance. I recommend checking it out.",7,12,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"Chris Brown's Fortune album is destined to be deemed as a Pop confection and a cacophony of sexual lyrics and sounds. But, this is entirely incorrect. It is, again, an underrated album. Chris Brown's newest studio album shows his journey as an artist, both musically and creatively in the entire saga of Fortune - in art, as a music video director and entertainer. With songs like '2012', 'Biggest Fan' and 'Sweet Love', he sets the tone for the night in romantic, sweet and sometimes super sexual evenings with his Boo. 'Don't Judge Me' and '4 Years Old' look back onto the past and reveal his real emotions about past relationships and possible concerns about the speed at which his career has taken off, reminiscing friend Tyga's 'Moving 2 Fast'. 'Party Hard', 'Bassline' and 'Biggest Fan' are the most single ready of the yet to be released tracks on the album. 'Party Hard' is a song about that girl who you are interested in, but can never get the moment to show how you feel about her, it's total infatuation. After 'Party Hard', there is a short interlude which features Chris' favorite female artist, Se7en, called 'Cadillac' where Chris and Se7en sing acapella. 'Bassline' is an exemplary example of a real music artist using dubstep the correct way - in which many Pop artists have simply jumped onto a dubstep track to try and be on the current trend. Kudos to Breezy for creating a song representative of the actual genre and being creative as well. 'Mirage' and 'Til' I Die' are two songs for the Hip Hop crowd, with 'Mirage' featuring Hip Hop legend Nas and the latter featuring hot rappers Big Sean and Wiz Khalifa. Of course, 'Strip', one of Brown's most successful R&B jams to date is on the middle of the album, featuring label mate (CBE) and mentee Kevin McCall. 'Turn Up The Music', one of his biggest Pop / Dance songs to date, 'Don't Wake Me Up' and 'Trumpet Lights' are the Eurodance tracks Chris has become known for the past few years. They feature futuristic sounds, big bass and winding lyrics to get fans and non-fans on the dance floor. 'Trumpet Lights' is the most adventurous and unique track on the album, with the sounds of Eurodance, Salsa and Dubstep rolled into one of Fortune's best tracks. It also features new CBE Signee Sabrina Antoinette. Fortune shows a lot of growth creatively both in and out of the studio. It is a surefire hit for #TeamBreezy and should win over new fans and people interested in R&B, Pop or Dubstep. Chris has a lot of jams, no matter which genre you're interested in - and they are all very well produced, written and performed on Fortune. This album shows how he has grown since F.A.M.E. was released in March 2011. I recommend you purchase this album, and even splurge on the deluxe edition, where there is sure to be more 'A' grade R&B, Pop and Dubstep to fill your home, car or iPod with this summer!",8,14,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"Maybe I missed something, but I heard parts of this album on another website and I was ready to buy it based on what I heard. I think it is going to be a great album, just like FAME. Bring on the hate for this album, but if you really like good music (and could care less about outside drama), you should probably try this album out. This album deserved better than what it has thus far received, but that's the way life goes.",4,7,"Jul  5, 2012"
10,"This is an outstanding album very pleased, most of the tracks of this album are very good. People only hate on him for something that happened 3 years ago.",4,7,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"This is his best album. Everyone is just giving him bad reviews because of his past, and that shouldnt matter. We are in 2012, its time to forgibe and forget. It would never matter what the critic's say its all about the fans. The critics only score him by the bad things in his pass, but not the good things he has done. Chris Brown is more of a successful person than any of those critics he is a actor,dancer,producer,singer,song-writer,director and MY IDOL & INSPIRATON! #TEAMBREEZY Till I DIE",4,7,"Jul  4, 2012"
10,"After hearing the 5 singles realeased from Fortune, I was thinking it's gonna be good but nowhere near good as the last album (F.A.M.E.), needless to say - I was wrong. The album's singles give a little wrong idea of what the album serves. Why? Because I expected mostly dance, pop driven record and instead I get something that comes closer to Chris Brown's first 2 albums. The album seems much more cohesive than the last 2 records (even though I never had a problem with that). It starts of with 'Turn up the music', continues with Dubstep influenced 'Bassline' and then switches to the futuristic sounding 'Till I Die'  but later on, it's R&B and only R&B until the last 2 tracks at the end (unless you count Nas feature on Mirage which is probably my favourite record on the album).
It doesn't get boring though, the production on it's own keeps you entertained. There is a great ton of detail on each of the songs, making them intresting and often creating a great build up. The lyrics seem to be better than on the last album aswell (most notably on 'Don't Judge Me' , '4 Years Old' and 'Stuck on Stupid'). When it comes to vocals, the greatest showcase of Brown's abbility comes on 'Cadillac (interlude)' which is a nearly acappella song. It leaves you wishing it wasn't just an interlude.
All in all, Fortune is a great album that is sure to become underrated mostly because of artist's personal life but hey, everyone got their own ears, listen yourself and see if you like it. I highly recommend deluxe version, you wouldn't like to miss out on 'Free Run' or 'Wait For You' .",3,6,"Jul  3, 2012"
8,"This album is underrated again, every song on the album (included the deluxe edition) except for a couple are exactly what I expected, little disappointed because I wanted more R&B but this album is still good.",3,6,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"Chris Brown is amazing and his 'Fortune' album is great! His passed shouldn't reflect his future in others eyes. People should be forgiven, although to me he was never forgotten. He is a man of his fans and if his fans are the only ones with positive feedback,  well that's all he needs. Excited to see what the future of music holds for him. He is an outstanding artist.",3,6,"Jul  5, 2012"
0,"Most unrelated and boring album ever made I guess, it's time to Chris make real music, not four floors beats on EVERY music, just make music, variable and enjoyable music.",2,4,"Mar 16, 2013"
10,"Production on this album is undeniably great, this man cannot be judged for his personal actions, if you wish to judge him then judge his music, not his past.  I give the album a 9",1,2,"Aug  4, 2012"
0,"Terrible, autotuned, electronical, pop music with a dose of oversized ego, no wonder why no one likes him. 'Your music is bad and you should feel bad' -Dr Zoidberg and any sane person",1,2,"Dec  3, 2012"
4,"This album is so Chris Brown.  Extremely boring and generic. There are only 3 good tracks! His previous album seems really good compared to this uninspired album which can be easily called - TRASH!",7,15,"Jul  3, 2012"
4,"Fortune tries to go back to the future for no reason. It tries to be like those 90s album that strive to have a 21st century sound.  It pretty much tries too hard, but at the same time keeps what R&B artists try to get away from.  (Making the same song on every album.)  This album wasn't from the heart, but from the radio.",2,5,"Jul 13, 2012"
0,"Yet, another horrid album from Chris Brown. Graffiti then FAME now this? It has nothing to offer and is incredibly dull. He needs to step it up before he got lost in the lights.",4,11,"Jul  5, 2012"
7,"Chris Brown",1,3,"Jul 12, 2012"
8,"What a great album they are alot of tracks that stand out to the album like Strip, 2012, 4yrs old & Dont wake me up. Chris keeps getting slammed with bad reviews because of his past. Unfortunately for critics his past hasn't affected his past. This is not his best albums but probably top 5 albums of the 2012 and the summer",1,3,"Jul 13, 2012"
2,"This is the most boring album I have listened to ever. The songs lack any spirit or honesty. It is simply that exudes fakeness. The only reason it doesn't warrant getting a 0 or 1 is because the one exception to the album, 'Don't Wake Me Up.' Maybe Chris Brown should try to develop his music instead of focusing on forging passionless 'futuristic' trash like this.",1,3,"Jul 25, 2012"
0,"I honestly just think Chris Brown should just quit at this point. I'm having trouble finding any redeemable qualities about this album. This album is a marker of what is wrong with this generation of music stars. Here we have a talented man who becomes successful off of R&B/Hip-Hop music. In fact, he has multiple top ten hits. So what does he do? Sell out and make generic club music, of course. What else is there to do when a million-or-so people already like your old style?
Besides, I still don't support him after all his drama. Why should I?",1,3,"Aug 21, 2012"
10,"fortune is amazing you have the nice slow/love songs i.e party hard,stuck on stupid,4years old, and then the club tracks turn up the music dont wake me up and trumpet lights and the sexual strip,2012,sweet love,biggest fan and till i die and bassline the wraps and mirage just a nice mix so something there for everyone so to be honest all these bad reviews haved nothing to do with the album i can tell its more about your opinion of him and you can get back by slamming the album absolutly pathetic people,,,grow up",1,3,"Aug  1, 2012"
10,"I love love love this album! its my favorite overall. I think Chris shows a lot of maturity, I LOVE IT! fck the critics its about the fans. #teambreezy",1,3,"Aug 17, 2012"
2,"Chris, you're a dope artiste and performer.. but you need to work harder!! dis album was weak and a poor effort and i'm a big fan but you need to work harder to provide better quality music and i know dat u can do much much better!!",1,3,"Nov  5, 2012"
10,"My favorite album of all time, it has that special aura to it, so much soul and meaning with me understanding every songs background. Its June and i can still listen to the album without getting bored. Amazing.",1,3,"Jun 21, 2013"
2,"Not even worth a buy on iTunes. Another generic and disappointing Chris Brown album. All songs are below average except for one: 'Don't Wake Me Up'  which has been produced beautifully but ruined by autotune.",3,10,"Jul  5, 2012"
2,"Generic, forgettable, excessive auto-tune. Chris Brown needs to step it up. This is really mediocre, his live voice doesn't help, the contrast with the 90% from his performances which are lip synched is cringe worthy.",2,7,"Jul  6, 2012"
4,"I don't think this is the best album for Chris Brown. Last year, he was amazing on his F.A.M.E. album with my favorite jams 'Look At Me Now' and 'Deuces.' But this year, Fortune is one of his biggest downfalls. It's just as disappointing since 2009 when Brown's album 'Graffiti' wasn't ready for a comeback since he eventually beat up Rihanna and sentenced to a community service where his career was almost in jeopardy. Some of the new material on Fortune just wasn't in the picture. Although I like 'Turn Up the Music' which he performed at the Grammys last February, but I kinda got a little over on the dance scene. I hope Fortune should be #1, but I gotta believe Bieber, Adele, or Flo Rida could be racing to the top.",1,4,"Jul  5, 2012"
0,"'Generic, forgettable, excessive auto-tune. Chris Brown needs to step it up. This is really mediocre, his live voice doesn't help, the contrast with the 90% from his performances which are lip synched is cringe worthy.' I'm in the same line, JUST BAD !",1,4,"Jul  9, 2012"
2,"As someone who has purchased all of Chris Brown's previous albums I was highly disappointed. This sounds like an album of leftover mix tapes tracks. Absolute garbage & embarrassing to his catalogue of music. Give us time to miss you Chris, because this was rushed pop garbage.",1,4,"Jul 10, 2012"
2,"Just autotuned to trash. Could be decent if he did not overuse the autotune feature. Not a good song on the album. Would be a waste of money to buy, so save your money and stay away.",1,4,"Jul 17, 2012"
1,"A lot of bland pop music that has no staying power and not much going for it beyond being slightly catchy. And definitely nothing to redeem the fact that Chris Brown is an unrepentant woman-beater(a fact that I refuse to leave out no matter how 'irrelevant' his fans think that is).",0,1,"Aug  4, 2012"
9,"This album though it was not as good as his last F.A.M.E. it was still a solid album from top to bottom. Critics are still judging him from the beating of Rihanna and not for his music which is great.",0,1,"Sep  6, 2012"
3,"Very Unoriginal And Bland... This Whole Album Seems Slapped Together In A Few Hours..
One Of The Worst Of 2012
Turn Up The Music Saves This Album From Getting A One..",0,1,"Dec 23, 2012"
0,"Es un lbum aburrido lleno de canciones decepcionantes y con el auto tune arruino la nica buena. No es por nada pero no se mereca nominacion a los grammy",0,1,"Jun 29, 2013"
0,"A complete crap, Chris Brown was never something relevant on the music scene with this album it just proves that his career ended in 2007 with his mouth half songs, I define it as ''scum of R&B''.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2013"
8,"Chris Brown is at his best here. 'Fortune', extremely underrated, is being cursed by Brown's 'Incident' and for having the use of auto-tune. Auto-tune is not bad if used with conscience to improve the song. I can see its use being good and bad to this album. It depends of the track. Some were really helped by its use, while others were, not ruined but, injured by it. The album opens with its hit dance song and already moves to hip-hop. Not great hip-hop songs, lyrically, but their production are very good. They're really different one from the other. 'Mirage' looks like the past, 'Till I Die' the present and 'Bassline' the future.
Soon the R&B shows up with its excellence. 'Don't Judge Me' is quiet beautiful but 2012 is extremely sexual, so you have a conflict right there. And it looks like the sexual content wins the war because the following tracks are also about. 'Biggest Fan', 'Sweet Love' and 'Strip' should be left far away from the kids.
When everything appeared to be ready to lose its meaning, 'Stuck On Stupid', the best track here, appears to save the day. '4 Years Old' and 'Party Hard  Cadillac' also help. So there you have: The three best songs are all together in a sea of fourteen tracks. Soon after that, 'Don't Wake Me Up' brings the dance genre back to the game. This professional production suffers from the unnecessary excessive use of the auto-tune. Maybe auto-tune should've been used only to high-level the chorus. Not in the entire song. Then 'Trumpet Lights', close the album with is exceptionality.
It's a good album, probably Brown's most diverse effort. Love it or hate it, its diversity is undeniable.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2013"
5,"He said that he had enough content to make 3 great albums, but made 1 mediocre album instead.
It's not that great, and I'm not even judging the album by the Rihanna incident.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2012"
3,"Algum j comprou um produto que te atraiu por um comercial onde apenas as qualidades eram ressaltadas? Assim como aqueles juicers que so lindos como enfeite? Ento,  assim que eu me senti aps terminar de ouvir o lbum Fortune do Chris Brown. Depois de quatro boas canes lanadas como single (Strip, Turn Up the Music, Till I Die e Sweet Love) eu comecei a acreditar que vinha coisa boa, mas me enganei profundamente.
Fortune tem como base um R&B datado e completamente sem graa na grande maioria das msicas. A concepo delas so de uma falta de habilidade inimaginvel para um artista que deveria ser um 'entendedor' do estilo. Grande produo fica do lbum fica a carga de grupos de produtores o que faz o lbum no ter nenhuma personalidade slida. O maior e pior defeito so as composies: a maioria fala de sexo. No falam, descrevem das maneiras mais sem criatividade que eu j vi. Se ele no est falando de sexo, ele est falando da Rihanna como na pssima Don't Judge Me, onde ele precisa reafirmar sua heterossexualidade (houve rumores que ele era bissexual). Como fosse mudar alguma coisa no pensamento das pessoas. Se nenhum dos assuntos est em voga na cano, as composies falam de amor da maneira mais genrica possvel e imaginvel. Se Chris no  exatamente um grande cantor, Fortune no vai alterar nada a percepo das pessoas sobre sua capacidade vocal. Como disse antes a maioria das canes so pssimas para baixo salvado apenas as j citadas e mais a interessante Bassline e o quarto single oficial Don't Wake Me Up (resenha a seguir). Curioso s as canes boas serem singles, n? Ento, no se espante se Bassline virar tambm. Assim como aquele juicer queria saber se tem como devolver o para da onde veio: o lixo da Me Lucinda. E a Carminha, curtiu?",0,0,"Oct 22, 2012"
2,"The computer and the editors running it deserve much more credit than Brown does. But, even with the overused technology, Fortune still blows.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2012"
1,"One of the worst work this year. Most of the tracks can't even be called music. Some can be called NOISE like 'Bassline' 'Mirage' '2012' and many other ones. 'Turn up the music' 'Sweet Love''Don't wake me up''Till I die' are the only tracks that are worth listening for a second time while not even one track that is real wonderful.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2013"
10,"Now I will admit I'm a huge fan of Chris and this album has to be my 3rd favorite by him. Unfortunately the singles did not pop like how all of them did on F.A.M.E. but the album in general is great. I bought the deluxe edition as soon as it came out and I stopped on track 7 Biggest Fan and got stuck easily my fav song on the album and one of my favorites by him period. He switches up his style between R&B, Hip Hop, and Pop and I think he does a great job at it. my favorite tracks are Bassline, Mirage, Don't Judge Me, 2012, Biggest Fan, Sweet Love, 4 Years Old, Party Hard /Cadillac, Trumpet Lights, Free Run, and Touch Me. He has been a great artist and performer since day one and people should let the past go and respect his music and leave it at that. Great album and one of my top 5 favorites of 2012.",0,0,"May 26, 2013"
10,"Amazing! a little late for a review, but this album is something relaxing, slow melodies and reflective. 'Dont Judge Me' makes us revise our concepts, what people really mean for us.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Chris Brown is incredibly amazing and this album really displays his versatile creativity.
Don't wake me up,Don't Judge me,Turn up the music and so I could help but sing my as into being Chris Brown.
Brown you are really an influence.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
4,"I really agree with the critics on this album. The singles are good but the majority of the rest of the songs are just slow songs that are too simple for such a famous artist like Chris Brown. A lot of room for improvement. For me this album gets a C-.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
7,"isn't bad, the best song is surely 'Don't judge me', the album is 80% dance music, and sometimes it's good, but not in all these songs, but is still a good album",0,0,"Jan  3, 2016"
0,"Of course I understand a band needs to adapt and change as they go along. I'm always open to new sounds and experiementation. But only when it is willfully attempted. This just sounds like Timbaland told Adam Levine to do whatever he told him to and to give some royalty checks to the rest of the band so they still feel like they are a part of it. Maroon 5 has changed drastically since their first CD, and unfortunately it's for the worst.",5,5,"Jun 28, 2012"
5,"I started expecting a lot from Maroon 5 after they released 'Payphone', but this album proved me wrong. Every other song on the album incorporates dance beats that is so NOT Maroon 5's sound. Only two or three songs on the album are good. I liked 'Love Somebody' (due to the fact that it is co-written by Ryan Tedder), 'Daylight', and 'One More Night'. Overall this album sounds like a band who has forgotten its origin and is making new foundations.",2,2,"Jun 26, 2012"
6,"Adam Levine seems to have gone all out with the electro pop and featuring artists, forgetting what actually made Maroon 5 famous. Another average performance.
Best Tracks: The Man Who Never Lied, Lucky Strike",1,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
2,"What a tremendous letdown. I understand trying to stay relevant and getting radio play, but part of what made Maroon 5 great is that they're good musicians who write good music. But now they're outsourcing all that to hot names in the industry, and the result really stinks. Lousy hooks, boring production, lame and lazy lyrics... I'm hoping they listen to all their alienated fans and come back with a second 'Songs About Jane', but I have a feeling that band is lost now.",1,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
2,"Maroon 5 was one of my favourite rock-bands, but all I hear on this album is pop. They didn't have to change, but it was obvious that 'Overexposed' won't be another great album. After 'Hands all over' which was great, this is an unexpected disappointment.",1,1,"Jul  1, 2012"
5,"In their album Overexposed , songs get to similar and get kind of boring , while others go to a direction of a good song. After from listening to the album, it sounds like Avril wants to leave from his band 'Maroon 5'",1,1,"Jul  6, 2012"
0,"One of the worst and most disappointing albums released this year so far. What the hell happened to Maroon 5? They used to be such a great band. I wish they would record more songs like This Love.",1,1,"Sep  2, 2012"
10,"Can't believe the critics, and users do not like this album  definitely one of my favorites  I enjoy every song and appreciate the overall fun, dance tone of the whole album.  And the slow songs are awesome as well.  I think Adam Levine and Maroon 5 are pure genius.",1,1,"Nov 15, 2013"
8,"The best album, all the songs are good, although there are some that are almost at the median level, but few which makes the album a good thing to hear nonstop.
Highlights: Lucky Strike and Man Who Never Lied
Lows: Wasted Years and Kiss",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
0,"So, is this Maroon 5 or Adam Levine with a backing band? I thought they were a Group? seems like they went pop and forgot that the other members need to play instruments. The album itself is not the Maroon 5 we are used to know and love. One of the Biggest let downs of they year.",8,10,"Jun 27, 2012"
1,"To borrow a line from that show 'The middle', I had the lowest of expectations, and I'm still disappointed. Adam Levine's ego has grown so large that he can't hear the crap he's created. Only 'Payphone' deserves a second listen.",3,4,"Jun 27, 2012"
6,"its a good album with some really great songs but maroon 5 doesn't feel like a band any more, for moments it seems like its just levine doing a solo work",5,9,"Jun 26, 2012"
1,"As previously mentioned by other reviews, this album does really seem like the Adam Levine show. Vastly disappointing and i actually like Maroon 5. I really enjoyed their last album but this i can't listen to. I just don't like it and I hope that their next album would actually progress their sound instead of making another pop inspired album.",1,2,"Jun 28, 2012"
3,"Overexposed is the worst Maroon 5's album. Songs about Jane was the better then It Won't Be Soon Before Long was good too. Then Hands All Over wich wasn't so bad and wasn't so good.'One More Night' and 'Payphone' was reassurings but when I listen all the album the day of his coming I was sad to see that the true Maroon 5 was dead for a f***ing electro-pop album. I was so sad... In this album only 'Ladykiller' is great and only 'One More Night' and 'Payphone' can be cool to listen the rest this is a horror movie.",1,2,"Aug 21, 2012"
7,"Ok, so this album has more Adam Levine than anything, but it's an entertaining listen. It's full of quirky and flashy pop and ear-catching hooks. Yeah, the other members of the band have very small, miniature roles in this album, but they agreed to it so I guess it really is their fault. Furthermore, Overexposed is fun and very light. It feels very beach-y and groovy. This album will NOT satisfy most of Maroon 5's early fans, but for others it's a great, current, and modern reach to the younger audience. And really, that's not all too bad. It's smart, yet faceless pop. And truly, it's one of or their strongest album(s) to date. HIGHLIGHTS: One More Night, Daylight, Lucky Strike, The Man Who Never Lied
SONGS THAT ARE TO BE SKIPPED: SAD, KISS [*] only on the Deluxe Edition MY METASCORE: 69/100",0,1,"Aug  8, 2012"
8,"So many good songs with great hooks, if they are to listened separately. As a whole, the album is boring and repetitive, and how far away Maroon 5 has gone from their root is a bit repulsive. That being said, I can jam to many of the tracks, and that's enough to make me love this album.",0,1,"Sep 17, 2012"
10,"It's good. Mediocre but good. Just not the likes of their (or should I say his) former albums. Maybe they need some time to think about what they music path they really would take.",0,2,"Dec  8, 2012"
10,"Maroon5 new album is amazing. not much different from previous albums, maroon back makes me spellbound with their songs. to me this is the best album merupakn during the year 2012.",0,1,"May  4, 2013"
1,"Except for the second single, One More Night, the best song in the album (even without a good chorus), every song sounds like 'whatever'. It's like you have heard it all before. Maroon 5 has almost become a boyband, lost its identity and sounds like everything but the band everybody used to know.
The album was released in the same week that Linkin Park's Living Things and The Flaming Lips and Heady Fwends... and it's sad to know that Overexposed is, probably, going to be the week's top selling.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2012"
6,"It seems as if the titled album, 'Overexposed', has become true for Maroon 5. The band have completely sold their souls to the ushering pop era, leaving behind their uniqueness and appeal. The album contains some highlights, such as 'Daylight' and 'One More Night', however fails to make an impact with the other songs that are filler and not interesting at all.
While I remain a Maroon 5 fan, this was a huge step backwards for the band, and I only hope them the best when their next album comes. I hope that they find themselves again and come back with a much more stronger album that we all know they are capable of.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2012"
6,"The band",0,0,"Jun 26, 2012"
4,"Yeah there are some catchy tunes in the album, but this is like all just the same beat, they are so club now. They are trying so hard to sound like others male popstars",0,0,"Jun 27, 2012"
7,"Honestly, I don't believe it comes anywhere close to Hands All Over or Songs About Jane, but its good enough. Can't really blame them for trying to adapt to the new music scene which, honestly is quite atrocious. If they were trying to satisfy their 'original' fans then i'll say they've failed, however, if their aim was to keep up with the current music scene this album is not too bad.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
4,"Honestly this album for the most part just feels like a big sellout to appeal to the fans of Moves Like Jagger, which is the song that turned me off to Maroon 5 for a while. There are highlights of course, like the interesting pop-reggae of One More Night, the catchy and so-obscurely-themed-it-has-to-be-sincere love song Payphone (look up the version without the rap; you'll thank me later), the dancey and lyrically clever The Man Who Never Lied, or the emotional piano ballad Sad. The rest are either cheap copies of Moves Like Jagger or embarrassingly cliche love songs. But the last track on the deluxe edition, their cover of Kiss by Prince, greatly surpasses everything else here. This cover is amazing; they took a Prince song, turned it into a blues song quite naturally, and extended it into an awesome seven-minute jam complete with guitar & saxophone solos. I wish they showed this much personality & musicianship on the original stuff! In conclusion, even as a big fan of their previous material this is an embarrassing follow-up to Hands All Over. Sure it has its highlights and the songs are catchy, but whereas they were poppy in all the right ways before, now they're poppy in all the wrong ways. Please, Adam, get off The Voice and learn how to rock again, before you drive your bandmates right into the ground!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2012"
6,"Maroon 5 lose their way on 5th album - read the full review here: http://wearethefilter.blogspot.com.au/2012/06/maroon-5-lose-their-way-on-album-no-4.html",0,0,"Jul  1, 2012"
2,"maroon 5 is dead......................................................................R.I.P..................................................................",0,0,"Jul  2, 2012"
0,"I tried not to get mad.  I guess you can't trust releases even if they are NEW.  This album is so commercial, i found myself waiting for the show to come back on.  Oh wait....",0,0,"Jul 13, 2012"
3,"This album is one of the weakest I've heard all year. This is no longer Maroon 5. This is now Adam Levine's solo project. It has nothing good to offer. Avoid this album like the plague and move on.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2012"
2,"Payphone and Moves Like Jagger are strong singles.....but the rest is terrible. This album is missing soulful songs such as 'She Will Be Loved' that made them so successful.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2012"
2,"I have to admit payphone was a good song. However, the album is really not that good.  Maroon 5 means Adam Levine in this album. I was dissapointed because the songs weren't that good. I don't think they are the same as they were before and they have changed in a bad way.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
6,"well I liked the album but as a pop album not as their previous rock albums, I felt like I'm listening to Adam Levine only the rest of the band have no role in the album and they didn't even appear in the music videos, even if it's only about Levine he still can make a good music but I hope they return to their roots",0,0,"Aug  9, 2012"
4,"The fourth album from Maroon 5 as Maroon 5, Overexposed album is a true summer with success Payphone and One More Night. It's well-crafted pop with touches of rock (Lucky Strike). Adam Levine, the singer, has accustomed us to his voice can become very acute tanning in the long run. Level of melodies is ''original'' but repetitive. There are atmospheric pieces like The Man Never Lied!, More techno Love Somebody. From my point of view it is a copy of Summer Hands All Over. From the fifth song we toured the album and rhythms that are always the same, as in the song Daylight The Man Never Lied! Lucky Strike and it looked like the same song. Ladykiller and there were atrocious guitar riff, this is an album that I listen again!!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2012"
6,"Heck..where's the rock songs?  Maroon 5 used to be this really great alternative rock band; their songs infectious but with an attitude to boot.  As they become more pop, out goes the guitars, in come the synthesizers and auto-tune.  The problem is: they are selling even more singles!! So there you go...",0,0,"Sep 28, 2012"
1,"Clearly Maroon 5 has given up. What used to be a musically talented, always at least interesting band is now Adam Levine and a few goons who break out some **** keyboard/synth effects and make the radio the evil thing it is today. It's no longer Sunday Morning for Maroon 5... I don't even think they deserve to have the moves like Jagger.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2012"
5,"Voc j foi em um restaurante novo e aps comer voc ficou satisfeito, mas no vai voltar l j que a comida no marcante o suficiente para tanto? Ento,  assim que eu me senti ouvindo o lbum Overexposed do Maroon 5.  bonzinho, mas no  marcante o suficiente para quer mais.
Depois das vendas baixas do ltimo lbum (Hands All Over) e o sucesso do hit 'salva carreira' de Moves Like Jagger, o grupo pensou em seguir em uma direo mais 'pop'. Pelo que eu ouvi de Overexposed ir para o lado 'pop' da fora para eles significa pegar todas as referencias possveis do gnero e jogar em uma panela, cozinhar em fogo baixo e servir apenas morninho. A gama de produtores que Overexposed no d uma cara definitiva para o lbum que vai de reggae, pop, pop rock, eletropop e dance com pitadas de R&B chupando influencias que vo desde o Michael Jackson at a Lady GaGa. Tudo com produo perfeita, mas sem uma inspirao clara e definida. Adam Levine est correto durante tudo o trabalho. Contudo, no decide em qual tom de voz  o seu melhor transitando do grave aos falsetos sem muita fora em nenhum. Alm disso, o uso de efeitos em vrias msicas atrapalha ainda mais o resultado. O ponto mais fraco do lbum so suas composies. Todas tm qualidades de hit pop com refres viciantes e letras fceis de pegar. Tudo muito didtico e seguindo a cartilha ao p da letra que deixa o lbum sem emoo mesmo falando de amor como tema principal. Outra coisa: se existisse limite de usar 'ohs', 'ahs', 'yeahs' e outras onomatopias que valem o mesmo, o Maroon 5 seria multado. A maioria das msicas no sa ruins, mas no so dignas de uma citao aqui. Todavia, h dois momentos marcantes no lbum: comea pelo grudento primeiro single Payphone e chega na super divertida Tickets. O trofu de pior fica a carga da irritante Wipe Your Eyes. Uma coisa  certa que o Maroon 5 entrega o que promete na capa de Overexposed: um trabalho sem cara certa, mas divertido.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2012"
6,"A fairly average album, some songs are pretty catchy (The Man Who Never Lied, Love Somebody) and some a quite poor but the main problem is that Maroon 5 have tried to adapt to the mainstream market, loosing their roots and long-time fans in the process. It's okay.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2012"
1,"This is the saddest thing to ever happen to Maroon 5. The previous albums were taut with intelligent and clever lyrics that have now been completely thrown away in favor of ridiculous lyrical hook play that sounds like something out of a 12 year old's notebook. I miss you, Maroon 5! Please come back!",0,0,"Nov  2, 2012"
3,"I fear what we used to call Maroon 5 doesn't exist anymore. Just a bubble-gum, poppy, pointless romp meant to satisfy a much younger audience. Songs like 'Wake Up Call' and 'She Will Be Loved' are gone forever.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2012"
5,"While 2011's smash hit 'Moves Like Jagger' cast massive speculation regarding Maroon 5's direction towards commercialized pop, their follow-up album 'Overexposed' shamelessly confirms it. With Max Martin, the most commercially successful producer of the last 15 years serving as executive producer, as well as co-composer and co-producer of all of the scheduled album singles ('Payphone', 'One More Night' and 'Daylight'), accompanied by Shellback, another hit-making producer who co-wrote the aforementioned 'Moves Like Jagger', the results are undeniably pop-chart oriented as the success of the singles proved for the album. In the spotlight is now Adam Levine, the now unquestionable frontman who directs the band's sound much like Peter Cetera used to be for the band Chicago, and he aptly co-writes all of the material and co-produces nearly every song. This abrupt shift in power leaves the rest of the band reluctantly muted in both songwriting and performance, as their instrumental output is anything but noteworthy midst the electro-pop background music generated by the producers. The gap in quality between the songs made by the aforementioned producers and the rest of the tracks is hence notorious, with little if nothing to make of interest of the album tracks, with the minor exceptions of 'Lucky Strike' and Shellback's 'Doin' Dirt'. If anything, the songs on Overexposed are tied together by unflattering qualities; the album is more often than not bruised by jaded lyrics (e.g. 'Fortune Teller'), and altogether the lack of a unanimous output by both Levine, the producers, and the rest of the band, shines too often to redeem it from its bland, superficial qualities.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2012"
8,"i really like maroon 5 as a band they connect with part of me that brings out my happy side. i feel like this album is a bit of a different sound to the usual maroon 5 music. It actual was too different for my mum to like and she is a huge fan of their song 'she will be loved' i however love all of maroon 5's songs and am a huge fan of the band x",0,0,"Feb 25, 2013"
2,"What a damn disappointment. All I can say. It gets a 2 because it's Maroon 5, and I really hope that they just make another Jane album again. This was a waste of time.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2013"
10,"Maroon 5 recently came out with a new album, Overexposed.  If you don't know about Maroon 5 already, they are a well- known pop rock band.  Many age groups appreciate this band in this day and age.
Songs and albums you might recognize would probably be, 'Hands All Over', and 'Misery.'  The lead singer, Adam Levine, often sings featured in songs.  'Stereo Hearts' and 'My Life' are songs where this happened.  Recognized for his distinctive, higher pitched singing, Maroon 5 has become a very popular band.  On iTunes, Maroon 5's song, 'One More Night' and 'Payphone,' have both been giant hits.
This album, Overexposed, includes many different songs.  Slow songs like 'Beautiful Goodbye' and fast songs like 'Lucky Strike' are all included.  The album includes a large variety of different styles of songs.  In several songs, Adam Levine sings about girls.  This gets very repetitive and obnoxious.  The track that to me, stands out, is the song, 'Lucky Strike.'  Taking Adam Levine's signature poppy, high beat voice, this song stands out and one of the best on this album.  Not known to many, this song is one of the best.  On iTunes, 'Lucky Strike,' was not a giant hit, but definitely deserving of.  I would give this album 4.5/5 stars.  Well done Maroon 5!",0,0,"Apr 21, 2013"
5,"The band must be called Adam Levine, because it  seems that it's his solo project with a lot of boring songs, the essence of the band go away. Was better before, sorry guys",0,0,"May 21, 2013"
1,"only 2 kinds of people listen to this garbage, girls aged from 9 to 35 or guys who are annoying and rude. levine's voice makes me want to die halo style, the album just sucks!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2013"
0,"I hadn't listened to Maroon 5 in a long time, but I heard this awful song, Moves Like Jagger, and was shocked to see it was Maroon 5  checked out rest of album  so unimpressed.  A total WTF moment.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2013"
7,"Not there best work but it's a entertaining and fun album. Listen this album was not the album I was expecting. I thought it could of been better the lyrics are ok. But come on maroon 5 are entertaining. The album is filled with radio hits and fun songs. And Adam is a good singer. Not the next hit album but a fun album.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"The songs are really 'sticky', make you move your head and even dance. This album has everything, extremely varied. Love Somebody, songs with rhythm  So sad songs as 'Sad'",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
6,"This album has a lot of good stuff on it. The first 6 tracks are all very noteworthy. While I think some tracks could be better, the overall quality isnt that bad.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
4,"Besides the lucky four singles, let's be honest: who else remembers this album? At least it has the truest title in Maroon 5's career. It's 'Overexposed' and completely corrupts the image we're force fed that Maroon 5 isn't just Adam Levine -- shocking, huh? Let's get to constructive criticism though, or should I say de-constructive criticism, because Overexposed is overwhelmingly glossed up with Max Martin-Shellback typical electro hooks even fellow pop 'rocker' Avril Lavigne would scoff at, Auto Tune, and just overall polish that's shiny and yes, attractive at first sight, but cold and soulless inside. Dissecting the album track-by-track is unnecessary, since everything's basically 'Moves Like Jagger' rearranged without even one percent of any effort to make it sound distinguishable from that multi-Platinum seller. Although I won't exchange effort to call the album 'terrible', I actually admit it: I find half-assed records more listenable than formulaic, unidentifiable top 40 compilation albums. Especially in the case of a 'band' that's actually just there to solidify Levine's 'rock star' image. Make no mistake though, Disney princesses are more rock 'n' roll than this stud wishes he could ever be.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2014"
2,"I know I probably sound like everyone else here but I can't help it, this is a terrible album just downright bad. The lyrics are lazy, the vocals are lazy, the production is lazy, the whole album just feels like a Adam Levine phoned it in and just decided, 'Hey, lets go full pop for this one. Screw what made Maroon 5 famous, this is my band now.' 'Love Somebody' is the only song on here that deserves any recognition of any sort but the rest of the album is truly rock bottom for Maroon 5.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
1,"Um dos piores albuns da banda Maroon 5, msicas terrveis. A banda mudou muito desde o primeiro CD, e mudaram pra pior. Esse lbum  resumido somente em Payphone, a nica msica que presta.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2014"
5,"Honestly, I was expecting a better album release like the band's songs way back. Their songs are getting worse and worse. Nevertheless, Adam still channeled his unique voice.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2015"
3,"An album that kicks and stomps on the devoted fans who loved the soul and funk they've displayed over their career, replacing them with throw away beats that are sell out worthy. Overexposed is the perfect title for this album as it feels uninspired, and over produced and has little to no soul.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2015"
7,"Probably the best album Adam Levine had made. But those remixes that came over my Copy of this one? No! I even hated the Sticky K remix of bad timing and tempo, and it is just not what it is and what it should be called good remixes. It disappoints me.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
5,"Not brilliant but a solid album it contained some good songs and a couple of duds but I do still listen to it a fair bit so I do really like still despite a couple of bad songs.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"This album is awesome!!!
Yes it is far from SAJ and has very cheesy lyrics. But, this album is very catchy and Adam sounds awesome on most of the songs here
AWESOME ALBUM",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
5,"5.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
1,"how are people talking about how hard he worked? he doesn't play a single instrument? i gave this album a listen, to see if he was progressing. this is the usual pop slop that shoots out of the pop industry and into spoon-fed hands. the usual producers, the usual beats, just aiming for financial excess. how hard he worked? please. even under the songwriting credits, he has 3-6 additional writers per song. this kid is 18 years old, and big ups to him for the success he has accumulated, but this is no masterpiece. this is not hard work. reading the '10' reviews of this album is really hard to stomach. i am completely down with fun albums, the dancefloor, what have you. but this album and the bieber 'sensation' just screams lifeless industry product, i.e. boring.",17,26,"Jun 22, 2012"
10,"Bieber's second album does not disappoint. He showed immense growth with this album. The songs are very mature and the quality is very good aswell. This album is going to convert so many haters into fans, or even beliebers. It's a pop album with heavy influences of R&B and Hip-Hop. Best songs would be 'Die In Your Arms', 'Maria' & 'Right Here'.",26,55,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"Girls find another artist to listen too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fjvmfjvjfvfjvjgjg jg jrg jrojjfjnfvnjifvnjifvin3rfinvfinfin3rbinr3",2,2,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"This is a great merciful crap! It really suck mi dick, sucks the dick of anyone, theez reli zuk, I will crusj Gaystin Gayber if it releases albums again",1,1,"Nov 28, 2015"
1,"Pergunta rpida:  melhor levar um tiro ou ouvir o no lbum do Justin Bieber? Se voc acredita que a dor de um tiro  mais suportvel que a dor causada no ouvidos por escutar o pssimo Believe, acertou.
Devo admitir que fui com o corao aberto e a minha opinio sem amarras com pr-conceitos para avaliar melhor o trabalho que  visto como o divisor de 'dolo adolescente' para 'adulto'. S queria saber em qual mundo o trabalho realizado em Believe  divisor de alguma coisa. S se for de 'cantor teen com algumas canes at boazinhas' para 'cantor teen que acha que est evoluindo que s canes ruins'. Se antes o pop teen conseguia casar bem com a personalidade de Bieber agora a coisa caminha para um caminho estranho e precrio. Na maioria do lbum, as batidas seguem de dance, pop, eletropop e com alguma coisa de R&B que parecem a resta do almoo de ontem. No h uma grama de criatividade ou mesmo de vergonha na cara de copiar qualquer um que faa sucesso com o estilo. A falta de personalidade que o caminho de produtores do ao trabalho  de impressionar. Se no fosse pela voz de Justin, as canes poderiam ser de qualquer um. E por falar em voz: Justin est crescendo a olhos vistos. Isso  fato, mas a falta de habilidade para achar seu tom certo  grave. Ele no sabe se procura um toma mais grave (onde ele se sai melhor) ou aposta nos falsetos (onde ele  pssimo, ainda mais quando tenta subir mais o tom). Uma regra para esse tipo de trabalho  a parte da composio que normalmente se torna mais madura, mas aqui parece que retrocedeu. Se antes era feita para meninas de 13 anos com treze neurnios, agora a faixa etria caiu para 11 com apenas o Tico e Teco.  srio: poucas vezes vi juntas composies to rasas, clichs e bobas. Entre todas as canes de nvel precrio onde ele no decide se quer ser o Usher, o Enrique Inglesias ou a Britney Spears (All Around the World  a copia de Till the World Ends), existe algumas coisas boas para serem faladas. A melhor cano de Believe (disparadamente)  a baladinha Catching Feelings acompanhado com uma boa base indo numa direo mais R&B. Num lbum onde a mais audaciosa musicalmente  Boyfriend, no podemos esperar muita coisa, n? Outro momento 'interessante'  seu desabafo contra a menina que falou que ele era o pai do seu filho em Maria j que a tentativa dele soar com o Rei do Pop em Billie Jean conseguindo o momento mais 'profundo'. H outros momentos no to pssimos em Be Alright e Believe, tocas seguindo algo mais intimista. Do resto, nem vale comentar. Eu at acreditei que ele poderia evoluir, mas foram apenas falsas promessas.",8,10,"Oct 22, 2012"
0,"Oh God, my ears! I'd rather clean a hundred toilets clean with nothing but my tongue than listen to the garbage that this kid produces. It just goes to show that a million tween girls CAN be wrong.",9,12,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"AGAIN?!?!?! This moronic, idiot Bieber needs to stop creating crap music. Those dumb critics overrate his trash. Beliebers are also crap! Avoid this album as well as his other albums and the idiot himself. He even got detained by the cops!!! Lol.",3,4,"Mar 16, 2015"
2,"i never hate bieber for me he was just a popish teenager but with believe it proves to be his worst album so far, not because of the music, its the lyrics designed for little girls who aren't smart enought for one direction",11,15,"Jun 26, 2012"
0,"Is this a joke? This album is average in everyway(but look at him in the front cover... he is so cute), and he didnt even wrote this album.   This is just another  mainstream, manufactured album(and JB himself) to roll in big bucks from adolescent girls",9,13,"Jun 26, 2012"
3,"Better than his first two attempts but still falls flat. He has a good voice but that is the only good thing i can find in this album. I didn't review his last two or even listen to them because they were obviously aimed at 9-15 year old girls. But i heard this album is for anyone who can appreciate a good pop singer/song writer. Besides the fact that he didn't write most of this material if that, he may have wrote none but i'm not sure. The melodies and chords are all very simple but is expected in pop nowadays, this isn't necessarily a bad thing it makes for an easy, light listen but when the lyrics are this bland and all the songs don't differ it won't hold your full attention for the whole album. This is just the record companies way of keeping all his younger fans while also trying to reach older girls, which i won't condemn them for but it just shows that this album is not for me or any guy or any girl over the age of 19 should i say. I'm not saying listening to it is annoying or torture but besides the fact that it's not awful i can't find a reason to give this a positive review.",6,9,"Jun 27, 2012"
1,"Ok, I'm 17 years old and I've nothing against teenager making music, but this is almost unlistenable! There's too much autotune and he doesn't even use his falsetto well. There are a lot of boys and girls of his age that make better music, but they're less famous: go listening to Hayley Westenra's old CDs and you'll know what I mean!",2,3,"Aug 31, 2012"
0,"Tan linda una musica con voz de marica al frente......................................................................................................",2,3,"Jul 19, 2013"
5,"Well, I decided to listen to Believe after all the positive reviews claiming that it will 'convert so many haters into fans'. It's safe to say I'm more of a hater than a fan, but I objectively listened to the album, and I'm still not convinced. There is really nothing that sets this album apart from any other contemporary release in 2012; it's all standard pop gubbins and studio trickery to me. The production is nice, clean and doesn't detract from Bieber's voice too much, which was suprising. Speaking of which, Bieber's singing is nothing amazing. Maybe he can sing, but this album doesn't serve as proof for that. The lyrics are definitely a weak point of the album; some of the rhymes are just plain silly ('Chillin' by the fire while we eatin' fondue' - what?!). Overall, there ain't a lot to get excited about here. It sounds like every other chart album out there to me, but since it's a Justin Bieber, his many fans will no doubt flock to this and proclaim it 'the greatest album ever' or 'perfect'.",12,20,"Jun 21, 2012"
3,"This album is...I don't know what i could say, because with 10 songs less it could be an awesome ep, by the way,  its a completely piece of garbage for say something , because it's not the auto tune the only problem, is the meaningless  lyrics and superficial beats and rithms that make this album one of the worst of the entire year, good luck for the next biebs.",9,15,"Jun 24, 2012"
0,"Terrible album. Nothing good about it. Just your typical crappy bubble-gum pop album, no originality, no replay value, NOTHING!! Bieber can't sing, dance, rap, play instruments, etc. He's overhyped and overrated. He'll fade away like some of the other crappy kid pop singers.",9,15,"Jul  1, 2012"
0,"Ok here's my opinion... I listened to all of them and it was just as bad as all of his other albums. Yes he finally hit puberty and he's not 'gay' (which isn't an insult) or lesbian like the usual insults all the haters give him. But honestly this album was bad I listened to all of the songs and all of them sucked, like every time... I wanted to tear my ears apart... but I must say I didn't want to do that when I listened to 'All Around the World' that song had a little bit of meaning into it and the lyrics weren't as bad... but his voice was the usual. I also didn't mention that he sounds like pedophile which is quite annoying. But overall this is just another crappy album for annoying and obsessive teeny boppers, mainly 9-15 year old girls",3,5,"Jul  6, 2012"
0,"the boy should be ashamed. and so should everyone involved in the creation of this; you will likely finish listening to this album in a terrible mood. Don't put yourself through that.",5,9,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"Oh my God, What is it ??? Please Justin, stop your music, I BELIEVE that you are just a teen's phenomen but not a singer or musician and don't believe that you are an artist.",5,9,"Jun 25, 2012"
9,"Listening to this album you get the feeling Bieber aint goin anywhere. He brings soul to dance music, pop to hip hop, creating an album that can not disappoint. His use of different genres just shows how well rounded and creative his mind is. This album is perfectly Bieber. It defines him as an artist and not just a teen wonder....without making it seem like he grew up too fast. His voice has only gotten better with time. This is definetely an album to buy and cherish for decades to come. Congrats Biebs, you've proved yourself 1000 times over with this one.",5,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Despite Bieber's main audience being females, Believe proves to be a step up from his past albums. Believe is a pop/R&B album and does it well. There are no filler tracks in the album. The production and Bieber's vocals are top notch. Is he coming close to the title King or Prince of Pop? No, but this album is good and would be a worthy addition to any collection. Of course, some people won't look at this album because 'Bieber is just for girls.' Which is hardly true anymore.",9,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"every track is mass produced and lacks origninality. Justins producers have clearly just taken other work of commercial success and cheaply replicated it",5,10,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing. There's a lot of mixed songs, and they all mean something to him. He has worked so hard on this album. It has been late night andearly mornings. He's been so tired, but if you have REALLY listened to the album, you can hear that the good work has paid off. congrats bieber.",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This is by far Justin's best album. I love the partial crossover to other genre's that it has and how mature it is in comparison to his earlier work. His music is no longer 'embarrassing' to listen to nor would someone be criticised for being a listener had it not been a record from Bieber. Overall, the album is amazing and I expected much less than this. Why is everyone praising the album but giving it a '0'? Anyway...",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Such an amazing album. He's really talented :) thank you for that beautibul album, hard work pays off, I am so proud of you. I love all the songs. Love you Justin!",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
3,"",3,6,"Jun 23, 2012"
10,"Absolutely amazing, voice is beautiful. This album is going to convert lots of haters, don't really have a favorite song as they're all so good! Well done Justin",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I love the strong vocals, mature lyrics and catchy beats. Justin's image is becoming more mature without being inappropriate His songs are still okay for all his young fans to listen to while older fans can relate to what he sings about. I love it.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin, album is incredible! Songs are so soulful, sensitive and this album is completely YOU! Proud! Beautiful music, strong but soft and warming vocal, feelings, energy, love and warm from your big heart... This is Happiness!",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is absolutely amazing. im not big of a fan of the Biebs but this album is full of hits! nice job. i hope more songs will be relesed soon. my personal fav are Thought Of You & Be Alright.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Best album ever. Justin slayed itt. He worked really hard on this album and his work definitely payed off. Every song is different in its own way and Justin added his style to each one. Love it",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Great pop album which proves his vocal abilities and transition between teen boppy sensation to mature young adult. Definitely, the album of the year. Such a good look for Justin. Best tracks: 'Take You' and 'Right Here' no doubt. I approve this being GRAMMY WORTHY.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe shows how much Justin grown up, he isn't  an adult but he still isn't the same 15 year old guy. His voice sounds perfectly and all those songs reflect the human being behind the 'teenie-sensation' Justin Bieber. At all Believe is incredible and one of the greatest album ever.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is really surprising. his music changed a lot. this album is amazing. his voice, the music just everything is perfect. you can really hear how hard he worked for this album!",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"This album is...I don't know what i could say, because with 10 songs less it could be an awesome ep, by the way, its a completely piece of garbage for say something , because it's not the auto tune the only problem, is the meaningless lyrics and superficial beats and rithms that make this album one of the worst of the entire year, good luck for the next biebs.",2,4,"Jun 24, 2012"
6,"The Canadian teen heart throb's second album is possibly the most beautifully sang, yet cheesiest album written in 2012. Its sound ranges from R&B-pop to dance-pop to generic teen pop. Despite its cheesy, almost senseless lines (as said above), second single 'As Long as You Love Me' spotlights the maturity of Bieber's vocals whilst backing that up with irresistably catchy dubstep-influenced R&B beats, however, Big Sean's verse is the cheesiest line on the album ('Trust/Us/Things I can't spell without 'u''). In fact, Bieber out-performs every guest vocalist on the album; even Nicki Minaj, who despite using Bieber's girlfriend as a reference, refuses to step up her game. The album will make Beliebers fall in love even harder, while hopefully helping haters turn their eyes to a new celebrity target, such as One Direction.",2,4,"Aug  4, 2012"
0,"bad album is the worst album of 2012 believe is such a ridiculous and patetic album is a copy of justin timberlake and 0 is much for justin bieber is very very bad",2,4,"Aug  8, 2012"
0,"DOHHH!! NOT AGAIN!! WHY WON'T JB stop singing like crap? This moronic,idiot,crapdump face has returned from jail, singing crap again. Avoid this album AT ALL COSTS!!! P.S. Beliebers are crap. I would shoot JB with a watergun filled with pee. Lol!",2,4,"Mar 17, 2015"
8,"Even though I wouldn't take it to the list of best albums ever, it's still a pretty good album. It's difficult to write a review of the album overall, because it's like two albums in one CD. Here goes a track by track review:
1. All Around the World (feat. Ludacris) - 10/10 - Party music used to be his weak point, but this is a pretty good track. If he keeps that up, he will sure please people with his music.
2. Boyfriend - 7/10 - Nice track, but he could have done it without the rap and the lyrics disappointed me.
3. As Long As You Love Me (feat. Big Sean) - 8/10 - The chorus is the best part. His vocal performance at the verses may disappoint a little, but it's not the worst thing in the world.
4. Catching Feelings - 7/10 - The instrumental track is good, but its lyrical content makes it worth a mixed review.
5. Take You - 8/10 - The complete opposite from 'As Long As You Love Me', the verses are good, but the chorus disappointed a little.
6. Right Here (feat. Drake) - 10/10 - Quite enjoyable track, specially because of Drake. 7. Fall - 3/10 - Its lyrical content is like that of any average song, and its instrumental track, specially in the chorus, is very annoying.
8. Die In Your Arms - 10/10 - One of the best tracks in the album. The lyrics may be somehow shocking for it being a Justin Bieber song, but I don't think it has anything your kid hasn't seen before.
9. Thought of You - 9/10 - Pretty enjoyable track, specially the chorus. I can't give it a 10 because I don't think the verses are good enough. They are good, but not good enough for me to give it a 10.
10. Beauty and a Beat (feat. Nicki Minaj) - 10/10 - It's one of that tracks that get stuck in your head. It has a beat anyone can enjoy, specially if you like parties.
11. One Love - 9/10 - Good track, even though the robotic sound in one part of the chorus is a little bit annoying.
12. Be Alright - 10/10 - If you like ballads, then that's a perfect track.
13. Believe - 9/10 - Nice melody, but its lyrical content makes it worth a 9.
Deluxe edition tracks:
14. Out of Town Girl - 1/10 - Its lyrical content is just so silly and its beat so annoying. Worst track in the album. Who actually cares if she's an out of town girl, Justin?
15. She Don't Like the Lights - 8/10 - Love in the lights is just the typical day of a celebrity's life, so I think no one would identify with this song. But anyway, it has a nice beat, just that the lyrics are not very inspirational.
16. Maria - 7/10 - If you know the whole story of Mariah Yeuter, then you can perfectly understand the lyrics. It was a pretty creative idea, but honestly, this song didn't surprise me, specially its beat.",1,2,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"He is a scum of society, his 'music' is an ear cancer, (s) he's very arrogant, treats fans like dirt, these teens consumers of crap, these children are girls with **** scratching with this marginal (I mean just people who believe this garbage, Idol as if it were a god), this **** Ain't Nobody's role model. This **** does not favor anything in music culture. Just to hear a song made me sick and ashamed. (if this noise pollution can be considered music), is an embarrassment to 62 points, it just shows the low cultural level of the people.",1,2,"Jan 27, 2014"
0,"Horrible, deberan coger cada CD/pelcula/poster/etc. de Bieber y quemarlo. Ser lo mejor para su vista y odo. Aparte, este niato cada vez se est auto destruyendo ms, acabar muy mal...",1,2,"Jul 10, 2014"
0,"'Believe' me when I say Justin Bieber is a talentless loser. If not for Usher, Bieber would be working at McDonalds. Believe is Bieber's worst album to date. He gets worse and worse with age. Justin Bieber's Baby become a viral hit for being terrible just like Rebecca Black's Friday, Soulja Boy's Crank That, and Psy's Gangnam Style. Only bad songs become viral hits. Justin Bieber's 15 minutes of fame are almost up and he will become a washed up loser like Lief Garret. He'll be constantly in and out of rehab and constantly getting arrested and getting ridiculously light sentences. Bye Bieber. The next stop for you is Celebrity Rehab.",1,2,"Sep 11, 2014"
0,"ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao",1,2,"Jun  8, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely great. His transition as a musican is really fascinating. And his vocals sounds finally manly and very variated, the beat is catchy and many great collaborations. And the fact that he has been fearless with this record reflects good on him. He has explored different genre and managed to pull them off successfully. Impressive.",9,19,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this shows how far he has come, I think this album is going to do VERY well and its definitely his best album yet, it shows his maturity and how he isn't always going to be that 'baby' singer, you may not like him, but you have to admit that this album is amazing and is going to convert a lot of haters",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin's third album (yes, I am including Under The Mistletoe) is bright, energetic, and surprisingly eclectic. I was beyond delighted as I worked my way through the album in one listen and I did not dislike any songs. A lot of the songs are dance-y, yet not the typical club fare. They remain in Bieber's main style of romanticism or introspection. They are not melancholy, so if drama and angst are your style, then this is not your album. Bieber pours joy and sincerity into his songs the way most of us just breathe.
I am going to use the dreaded word and say that, yes, it is a more 'mature' Bieber. This is evidenced not only in his voice, but the still-increasing strength of his vocals and their flexibility, and the sheer amount of musical styles. I could care less about the featured stars as I feel they are non-essential to his songs. He has sung most the feature songs acoustically, by himself, in concert, and they sounded just as good or better than the recorded versions.
I thought I would have favorites as I listened to the album but I don't. It's the mark of a great artist when they create an album that you can listen to non-stop without becoming obsessed with only a couple of songs and instead you obsess over every single one. Almost every single song could easily become a radio chart-topper if only they didn't dislike him with an unnatural intensity. He has more to offer than most of today's modern-day drivel.
You can't know how good of an artist Justin Bieber is unless you actually listen to him first.",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
9,"Biebers talent had never been on question. And after this cd people of all ages can now finally become Beliebers. I'm 19 and love this album. Of course there's gonna be a couple of songs that are just too poppy and over-produced but if you can get past that you'll love listening to this",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe: Probably the best thing I've heard. It shows how hard he's worked. And that he has evolved into something new. The song 'Believe', which was for the Beliebers, was amazing and brought tears to my eyes! BELIEVE GETS A TEN",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Other than all the people that find this album to be 'pop trash', I say that this is a new step for Bieber and his career. Having major artist collabs and MJ style of music makes this album on of a kind in his music. It shows the growth path of him growing up from his previous albums like My World (2.0.) Yes, I believe you could do better, but this is a stepping stone. Everybody just needs some push. I'm sure he'll get there. I mean just look, I'm positive he has most girls wrapped around his finger(;",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"AMAZING! I love his new sound! It definitely isn't what I was expecting! He has made a range of incredible songs and i love every single one! They all have insane beats or soothing and touching lyrics. LOVE IT!",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"This album does not disappoint its a new sound for Justin and shows are more mature side to him and he represents what he does well by showing variety within his vocals this album has converted my friends into beliebers. The best songs in my opinion are 'thought of you', 'all around the world' and 'beauty and a beat' and the overall best in my opinion is 'die in your arms'  but there is not a single track that I do not love.",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is amazing and really shows that he worked hard on it. it amplifies how his voice has changed and that he still can sing amazingly. this is his best album yet",11,25,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Belive is great album, it really shows that Justin put his heart on it, all the hard work and everything. Some songs are really inspiring like Believe itself. I think he shows a really mature style and voice, but still the teenage he is.",6,14,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I got to say i am actually impressed with this album , i always bashed the kid for everything he done in the past , but i think he really pulled this one perfectly . But i still think his fanbase is annoying",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin's album has shown how he has grown into a older boy. He doesn't have a little boy voice he is very matured and this album shows. If you dont like the album don't listen keep up the good work Justin",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album will push Justin",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"WOW! Im so happy with this CD its perfect in so many ways. Justin will always be my inspiration and my bby. The beats and the lyrics are amazing and he has some great artist featuring on this CD. Hopefully ill be able to meet him someday. BELIEBER FOREVER.",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
9,"The title really helps! This record is remarkable! Justin Bieber at his 18 yrs is always guilty of the lack of music from JT, and the unfortunate fact that MJ is not with us, the pop music has been reigned by women the past decade and men has been living under Michael's shadow.
Bieber is stepping out his game with this record, he still a teenager finding himself and his sound, influenced by his idols, we find variety in the record, that pleases a large community. Keep the good job! We will for sure believe.",7,17,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is more than Justin's usual 'bubble gum pop' music he was producing. He shows his maturity in songs like, 'She Don't Like the Lights' and 'Boyfriend' but also gives listeners a side to his personal life in songs like 'Catching Feelings' and 'Fall'. It's the sort of album that works for anyone any age with different varieties, like mashups with dubstep and pop in songs like All Around the World and softer tunes in Catching Feelings, and my fave, Be Alright. The song Believe is inspiring too, giving thanks to his fans and people who have supported him throughout his whole music career. Most people would say Justin Bieber is just another name who'll fade away in a few years and that he would go haywire like a lot of teens who started int his industry at a young age, but he's only taking the world by storm song by song and he's got a long journey ahead of him. I have faith that he's going to do very well in the future. Buying this album is defiantly worth it, you won't regret it. His best one yet, this honestly holds the title as Album of the Year, enough to win a Grammy.",6,15,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing. Im impressed by Justin's development (:
The album has a little something for everybody, so there is no way someone can hate now. He is way past his 'Girl' sound. Its a MUST to buy this album !",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Wow, jus wow. I was so stunned when I first heard Boyfriend & the other singles, but when I got to listen to the whole album, I was just completely blown away. From beautiful, sweet love songs like Catching Feelings & Be Alright to mature songs like Take You, Out Of Town Girl & Love Me Like You Do. I can't tell you which song is my favorite -I love all of the songs equally. Damn, this album
is beyond flawless.",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This Album is amazing as hell.It's just so amazing,this album deserves a Grammy...........The best songs are As long as you love and Catching Feelings !
Best Album of the year .",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is so amazing and i know its going to slay the charts. it really shows his voice deepened and that hes maturing from his 16 year old music, and all the songs are so catchy and i think that anyone can listen to it really. its not all just music for his girl fans, it has songs with ludacris, big sean, drake, nicki minaj and i think anyone would enjoy it. if you are a bieber hater, i suggest you listen to believe because i guarantee you that your mind will change. justin never fails to work hard and impress people.",2,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
0,"The epitome of processed pop music, Justin Bieber's 'Believe' is an odd collection of 'songs.' Seven people 'collaborating' on songs that have lyrics a 10-year-old could write that have absolutely no substance, and stale synthpop beats galore. If you want all of that and more, buy 'Believe.' You'll hate it.",2,5,"Oct  7, 2013"
10,"This is Justin's best album thus far. There's not a single track I don't love. A lot better from his previous albums and definitely worth listening to.",7,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is whole new level for Bieber. I like how every song is different and it's nothing like we have heard before. It's nice to know Justin was inspired by MJ while making this, cause i'm sure he's gonna have quite the same impact on our generation and coming generations as well.",7,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe it's an amazing album:)it has love songs,dance songs,songs which can make you get through everything!I think that this album shows how mature Justin is:)!LOVE THIS ALBUM.",5,13,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I could write a review for each song individually but it's not necessary. The album in its entirety is simply outstanding. His writing is sensational and his vocals are beautiful as always. Listen, I'm just a fan of music, that's all. I love RATM and James Taylor and everything else in-between, if you can make me feel something with your music I'm happy. Justin Bieber does this with his music, every time.  A particular favourite on the album is Fall. Lovely song. But really, it's a happy album, it suits the fellow.",6,16,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This is probably Justin's best album out of his previous ones.  It's a mix between feel-good love songs and club hits.  I think this album easily deserves a 10.  It's very unique and has two side of it which i love.  GREAT JOB JUSTIN!",3,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe is honestly great. Best tracks: Fall, Right Here, Maria, Take You, Boyfriend and Out Of Town Girl. It's  fresh, young and pop. So what? Justin succeeded that's what.",5,14,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"great album. every song is different, a few slower songs that we're used to hear from the biebs but with a little more mature lyrics and a few up beat songs that make you wanna dance when you hear them.",6,17,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"AMAZING, thats all I can say. There is a good balance between fast tempo and slow tempo songs.",5,15,"Jun 19, 2012"
7,"Soooo
I'll say one thing straight away: Believe is gonna sell soooo friggin' much!
I'll start with the positive things:
Justin really did evolve since the last album, his songs are more mature, he is singing about his experiences and what he went through in the past years
for example in Maria he's referring to that girl that said he was the father of her son,
also there are a lot of songs where he speaks about selena gomez
BUT
lyrically speaking he is still doing the same thing as before:
'gril I love you I wanna be your boyfriend blablabla'
which is a good tactic because a lot of 13 year olds will still buy his album.
I think that there are too many love songs in this album
but justin bieber is not the only one that did this. Take Adele for example. she made a whole album about her being dumped by her boyfriend and how much depressed she was and blablabla....
It's well produced, he's got the talent. but his lyrics are still stopping him (well actually, they are perfectly thought for teenagers so they are gonna take the album pretty far, but I mean artistically speaking they don't add up nothing original)
Now let's start with the bad parts
THE MUSICAL STYLE
3/4 of the songs on this album are Timberlake copycats
that doesn't mean they are not good, I actually like Timberlake a lot and I liked the songs, but I think JB's next step should be finding his own unique style.
He's pointed a lot towards electronic in this last album which I think it's AWSOME because electronic music is the future, and he can explore more this genre and maybe give this genre a new direction like David Guetta did.
I don't like the fact that people compare him to Michael jackson or Elvis presley because these two artist invented a new genre and JB hasn't done that yet. Unless you consider 'swaggie' a genre.
THE THING THAT MAKES ME HATE THIS ALBUM THE MOST
there are too many songs that have been literally copied!!
Fall----> 'Beautiful Soul' Jesse Mccartney
One love-----> 'Forever' Chris Brown
Out of town girl-----> 'cry me a river' Justin Timberlake
'Maria'------> 'Billie Jean' Michael Jackson
And that's a fact! if you don't believe me go listen to them yourself
That is a fail to my eyes, even though I like these songs a lot.
Best 4 tracks of the album:
1. Out of town girl
2. Boyfriend
3. all around the world
4. she don't like the lights
Oh yes, and Die In your arms would be a perfect christmas song
and the concept of the video 'Boyfriend' is taken form the video 'Girlfriend' by N Sync",2,6,"Jun 23, 2012"
9,"This album is amazing and it shows how dedicated he is to his music, and how much hard work he puts into it. Some of the songs are a little rushed, and could of been improved. But overall the album as a whole is great, and I'm a very proud fan of Justin.",2,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"The album overall is really amazing, the beats are different and unique, the old school flow it contains is really great, from rapping to singing ballads and this techno pop beat, im just speechless, justin really impressed me, i never thought this album were going to be so great, but once again, this kid impressed me. he never disappoints me, im just really glad this album is already out and making history, this album is just a new step and honestly i couldn't be more happy about it. Congrats Justin!",2,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I cannot get over how good this album actually is. It has lived up to the hype and has many smashes such as All around the world ft. Ludacris and As long as you love me which is going to be the next single released. From dancing tunes, to rapping in 'Boyfriend' down to the emotional songs such as Fall, Beleieve - written for fans and 'Be Alright' which he sings acoustically, whilst playing nothing but a guitar - himself can i add! He has raw talent and this album proves it. A must have album.",2,6,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"I think it's a perfect album, because he made music for an older public without losing the my world essence. We can see this in songs like Catching Feelings or Fall. We can see music with a futuristic essence in songs like As Long As You Love Me. We can see songs for dancing like All Around the World. This album has a little of everything,",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"For me is the best justin's album . I'm belieber and i hear albums from him but this is the best i ever hear is diferent in a good way and it's such amazing.",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is perfect. I could not have been more pleased to purchase it. Justin is transitioning like the artist I always knew he would. He is indeed the Prince of Pop. My favourite tracks are Believe, Fall, and Beauty and a Beat. Well done Justin.",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Amazing and nuanced album. It shows Beaver is starting to mature as an artist and really tackling the issues that others so called musicians are afraid to acknowledge; I'd liken his style to a young Tom waits and he writes lyrics that even Nick Cave would be proud of. 'Boyfriend' has got 'classic' written all over it from beginning to end, when I first heard it I thought 'Wow, when did David Bowie get here?'. Have we found the rightful heir to Michael Jackson's throne as the king of pop? The answer is maybe.",2,7,"Jun 25, 2012"
9,"I am proud to say I am a belieber and I'm not giving this a 9 just because I love him but because honestly I believe it is so amazing and he has matured so much since my world and my world 2.0. He has writen more on this album and  songs like be alright fall and catching feelings really showcase his talent and I think this is going to convert a lot of haters. Great Job Justin. Beyond proud of you.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
8,"Justin Bieber's latest album is a good step forward, it isn't as perfect as most people make it out to be but it's a great album. The album finds Justin experimenting new genres, trying to broaden his fan-base and repertoire and calls in the likes of Rodney Jerkins and Mike Posner to help him.
His debut release Boyfriend, I believe was the perfect choice to market his album as it made a statement that there is a change, and a huge change that. Boyfriend sounds like Timberlake circa Girlfriend mixed with Ying-Yang Twins, Whisper Song.
The songs I love the most on the album are the Michael Jackson reminiscent numbers - Die in Your Arms, Catching Feelings and Maria. Die In Your Arms samples MJ's 'We've Got A Good Thing Going' and showcases Justin's somewhat underrated vocal skill in what is one of the most infectious tracks I've heard, it also reminds of Love on Top - Beyonce. Catching Feelings is a perfect album track that is so laid-back that you can just head-bob to and reminds me of Human Nature. Then there is Maria, which is arguably the most important song Justin has done addressing the Maria Yeater incident last year, giving an awesome vocal and making a Billie Jean circa 2012.
In my honest opinion, the songs with assists aren't as good as I anticipated (maybe except Right Here and As Long As You Love Me). All Around The World is ok, Beauty and A Beat is good but not great, the collaborations with Nicki and Ludacris seriously left me wanting more but euro-pop music isn't my first choice so maybe it's just me.
The album doesn't break any boundaries musically, but it breaks boundaries for Justin and his future in music. Believe will bring him new fans and is a good album. If Justin keeps this momentum he will reach the megastardom that artists like Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston and more recently Beyonce have.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing and he's shown amazing growth and maturity. He's transitioned very well. It really displays his many talents. He's worked tirelessly for MONTHS and this album definitely shows that off. Believe is different than anything that has been put on the market as of late. Real music. It's already converted 'haters' and nay-sayers. Best album yet.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This album is amazingggg :)) best album of his. This album will slay every song has its meaning behind it thats what makes it even more amazing. And you can see that Justin is converting the haters one by one with this album. I'm so proud of him he has come so far.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"Great beats, great vocals, great rythm,. PERFECTION.. I love this album. It deserved to be #1 all around the world! This is a really great mix of genres. Rap, Hip-hop, pop, dance, a little splash of country. I love the mix",1,4,"Jun 21, 2012"
9,"I love the album, I think it's songs are unbelievably beautiful. I just really miss when Justin did songs alone, just his voice and a simple melody in the background, now 's more techno, which sometimes overpowers his amazing voice.. Don't get me wrong, I love every single one of his songs, it's just my opinion of what could have made it even better.",1,4,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"This is actually a really excellent pop album. With this album he shows real improvement both vocally and musically. I think Justin Bieber is here to stay.",1,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This is the best album of 2012. It will win Grammys. Amazing way for him to show his transition from teen to man and will definitely change your mind on him.",1,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
9,"A really great improvement from his past work. It's really crazy how fast he's growing musically. Definitely a lot of variety, a lot of songs that people who aren't into the Bieber Fever sensation will still be able to enjoy. Good job Justin!",1,7,"Jun 23, 2012"
10,"this album shows growth not only in his vocals but also music wise. amazing album! Best song would be Be Alright because he voice is raw and the lyrics are amazing.",1,7,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"Believe is the BEST album that I haOve ever heard. Ive been a belieber since 2009 and I still am and I will always be one! Love u Justin!!!! I bought yhe albm the day it came out and I have no regrets buying the album. Believe is amazing! This is the type of album that nobody should hate on",1,8,"Jun 21, 2012"
7,"Justin has a good voice but this album is not very good. He's not using his voice in the best way. his acoustic album is great and maybe Justin should do more acoustic stuff  because there's where he is the best",0,2,"May  2, 2013"
4,"No hay gran evolucin que se pueda exaltar del album, todava es un msico con una gran trayectoria por recorrer que no ha salido del lado comercial para entrar al artstico, quizs cuando entienda la importancia de la msica en el mbito artistico y comercial, genere un buen sonido por si solo. En si no es un mal album, pero tampoco es bueno, simplemente esta en el medio.",0,1,"Dec 11, 2014"
4,"This album is not special at all  leak of maturity  too much rap elements. It is not a album that shown Justin is a great artist, He succeed is only based on the popularity on Twitter and Instagram.",0,1,"Dec 23, 2013"
9,"Bieber Bieber Principe do Pop arrasou quando o 'Believe'.
Melhores Msicas: As Long as You Love Me, Out of Town Girl, Die In Your Arms, Be Alright e Beauty And A Beat",0,1,"Aug  6, 2015"
10,"ele  muito bom, amo esse hinario, rei mesmo, quem t dando negativo  um bando de trouxa. Melhor que ele s o MC brinquedo, mas foda-se continuo gostando e ele  melhor que todo mundo. ALBUM DO ANO",0,1,"Feb  7, 2015"
10,"Mereceu 100, beijocas, o lbum realmente  timo, cances lindas, mentira porque o Belive Acustico >>>>>>>>>>>> esse lixo sonoro q, mas mereceu 100, obrigado pela ateno",0,2,"May 11, 2015"
4,"What a fail.
I tried to give him a chance but this album is just bad, a few songs save it from being a complete waste of time. I don't hate him but his music is still bad.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
7,"I hate 'my world' it sucked. Yet in 'believe' he showcases his new and more mature voice and better yet at times cheesy lyrics. Its beautifully sang, and an overall good that I enjoy listening to highlights: 'As long as you love me, beauty and the beat, and maria. Mr. Bieber well done and keep up the good work.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2013"
3,"I listened  to this album with no preconception, but even the title doesn't sync with the songs, 'Believe' is a name for more acoustic and relaxing albums, and this one it's fulled with electronic beats musics, i didn't get it, and he doesn't worked on the album, sorry, but, there's no work.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2013"
4,"Justin Bieber may be the most succeeded pop artist in the world, however music is not just about having a pretty face and a little bit of style. I admit that this album is better that My World and My World 2.0 ,and Justin is more mature in this newest work. But that is not enough to be a good artist. Justin has the support of his crazy female fans but his songs continue to be uninteresting.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2012"
9,"The album is long, the deluxe edition is even longer and there's a lot of different styles. Elements that could destroy a body of work, but it's not the case of Looking 4 Myself. In fact, the new album is surprisingly cohesive and well executed. That sense of passion, love and lost is all over it.
Favorite: Climax, Euphoria, Lessons For The Lover, I Care 4 U, Sins Of My Father and I.F.U..",2,2,"Jun 16, 2012"
10,"Looking for Myself is a great album. Usher's best since the classic Confessions. On looking for myself usher combines elements of pop,R&B and soul to create a new sound that will please both fans of his last project  Raymond v Raymond with the songs Numb & Euphoria  as well as fans of his classic albums 8701 and  Confessions with tracks like Climax,Lemme see, Dive, Lessons for the Lover,Sins of Father, I.F.U and more.",2,2,"Jul  1, 2012"
10,"The idea of making a new genre ''revolutionary pop'' seemed to convince me it deserved that kind of name, the concept, the instrumentals of the album shows this primary advantage of how Usher's brilliant idea of mixing genres was worth it, he has tracks for every single audience; The retro-infused songs ''Show Me'', the 90s-esque RnB-infused dubstep track ''I Care 4 U'' and ''What Happened To U'' including the periodical-RnB deluxe track ''IFU''! The seemingly melodramatic electro song ''Euphoria'', which in this case it shows how the album changes the electropop scene that's been going on and on since the start of this decade, and Usher is the only artist at the moment that has done this! Nearly every song has the old RnB fragments yet mixed with the modern electro synths...great examples like Climax, Twisted, I Care 4 U, Can't Stop Won't Stop and Dive. As for Sins of My Father..that must be a future number 1, this just creates a sudden resurrection to neo-soul and this i album is still very underrated, it might be abstract but it is aesthetically interesting at this rate you can see how this album is different to today's same-old electro garbage!",1,1,"Dec  7, 2012"
9,"Usher is in the music scene since 1994, its evolution is remarkable. Looking 4 a success Myself A to Z, from music to lyrics, to the singles to the realization, in short, a perfect album. Usher in the songs that go past the radio as Scream, Climax and Leemee See. Little anecdotes: I listened to the album by Usher along with that of Jusitn Bieber, and I noticed that the student has not surpassed the master (check out the review I'm on Believe) .",1,1,"Jun 30, 2012"
10,"Looking for Myself is  the best  album released so far in 2012.Usher's best since his legendary Confessions. Looking for myself is an album that will satisfy both old and new usher fans both male and female.Looking for myself includes the classic climax, great R&B jams such as lemme see,What happened to you, Dive, Sins of Father, Twisted and more as well as club anthems Numb and Euphoria.",1,1,"Jul  1, 2012"
8,"This is what I call - contemporary R&B album. Usher has really changed his style from his previous albums. The trinity of ''Looking 4 Myself'' - ''Lemme See'', ''Dive'' & ''Climax''!   One of the most enjoyable & fresh albums released this year.",1,1,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"The idea of making a new genre ''revolutionary pop'' seemed to convince me it deserved that kind of name, the concept, the instrumentals of the album shows this primary advantage of how Usher's brilliant idea of mixing genres was worth it, he has tracks for every single audience; The retro-infused songs ''Show Me'', the 90s-esque RnB-infused dubstep track ''I Care 4 U'' and ''What Happened To U'' including the periodical-RnB deluxe track ''IFU''!  The seemingly melodramatic electro song ''Euphoria'', which in this case it shows how the album changes the electropop scene that's been going on and on since the start of this decade, and Usher is the only artist at the moment that has done this! Nearly every song has the old RnB fragments yet mixed with the modern electro synths...great examples like Climax, Twisted, I Care 4 U, Can't Stop  Won't Stop and Dive. As for Sins of My Father..that must be a future number 1, this just creates a sudden resurrection to neo-soul  and this i album is still very underrated, it might be abstract but it is aesthetically interesting at this rate you can see how this album is different to today's same-old electro garbage!",1,1,"Jul 15, 2012"
8,"Looking for Myself is a very good album.Not quite as revolutionary  as usher said it would be but by far his best abulm since Confessions and a return to form. Looking for myself blends element of soul, pop and R&B to create a new sound.Looking for myself is the a solid abulm that reaffirms Usher's position as the king of R&B and is an essential buy for any  Usher fan. Stand out tracks include the instant classic Climax, Show Me, Sins of a Father and Twisted",5,6,"Jun 13, 2012"
9,"Looking for Myself is Usher's third greatest album after the classics 8701 and Confessions.It mixes elements of Soul,Pop,Dance and R&B music to form a new and impressive sound.Looking for Myself will Impress all his fans with club anthems such as Euphoria and Scream for his pop fans and classic R&B records like Climax,Sins of a Father,2nd Round Show me and so much more for fans of his R&B Jams.Looking for myself has no filler and is an essential buy for any fan of R&B music.",4,5,"Jun 13, 2012"
10,"Looking for Myself is Usher's best album since 2004's Confessions.Not as revolutionary as he said it would be but a very good album.Looking for myself is a good mix of Pop and R&B music that will impress most  usher fans. Stand out tracks include lead single Climax,Twisted and Sins of a Father.",3,5,"Jun 13, 2012"
10,"this may be his lowest selling number 1 album to date but its by far his Best album since Confessions. This reminds me of Beyonce's 4, they both went more on a traditional R&B route and probably there best albums in they're entire career but they're lowest selling ones as well. the album is a very good R&B album.",1,3,"Jun 29, 2012"
6,"The seventh Usher's studio album can not really clearly be classified as classic R&B, even through songs such as: hip-hop, created with the participation of Rick Ross 'Lemme See' or tinged by electronic elements singles 'Scream' and 'Climax'. And although on the disc can be found more or less exposed motifs of different styles (pop, soul), however 'Looking 4 Myself' is the album where electronics themes -among which strong positions are 'Numb' and 'Euphoria' heavily prevails.",0,1,"Jul 24, 2012"
8,"In what is easily Usher",0,1,"Jun 26, 2012"
6,"When Usher puts out an album he is among the few artists that are on my 'must listen' list. His voice is pure and very versitile. Listening to this album he was clearly gearing for club/dance/remix rotations. I did like 'can't stop' 'what happened to u', Looking for myself' and 'Euphoria.' I do not think it was his best album nor his worst. I think it is worth a listen to enjoy his pure voice-as it has not changed.",0,1,"Jun 28, 2012"
7,"I'm not a pop fan so I wanted to hate this album. But the lead single Climax intrigued me enough to buy the album. While there are a few throwaway club tracks like Can't Stop Won't Stop, Scream & Lemme See, there's also some impressive tracks on here with an overall depth that I never would've expected out of the guy that did Yeah & OMG. The title track in particular is one of my favorite songs of the year so far; it's a very well-crafted pop song with simple yet insightful lyrics. But as impressive as this album is, I can never forgive him for introducing the world to BIEBER. Still, I might eventually check out this Confessions album everyone keeps talking about.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2012"
3,"I didn't enjoy this album at all. I wasn't big fan on it. Usher really let me down, but I give him credit for his songs 'Scream' and 'Climax' they were enjoyable to a certain extent. The rest of the songs didn't met my standard though. My standard was very high, its not the best album he has created.",0,1,"Dec  6, 2012"
8,"E se de um lado veio um produto que parecia muito bom s que no era bem assim do outro veio um que eu no dava nada e no fim fiquei surpreso, mas uma surpresa muito boa. Depois de dois lbuns de qualidade duvidosa com uma forte tendncia de cair na armadilha do 'pop farofa', Usher resolveu voltar para as suas razes com o lanamento de Looking 4 Myself, seu stimo lbum indito. E, graas a Deus, o que ele tem de melhor  o seu inegavel dom para fazer R&B. No que no lbum no tem pop,  que a alma do trabalho vai muito alm.
As qualidades do lbum comeam pelo prprio Usher que est perfeito. Ele voltou a equilibrar o poder de falsete que ele tem na voz com interpretaes mais poderosas. Esse efeito  importantssimo principalmente nas canes de tendncia mais R&B onde ele arrebenta (em quase todas). Mais autorais em certos momentos, mais divertidas em outros e mais maduras em outras, as composies conseguem dar liga no trabalho unindo de forma coesa todas as msicas. Contudo, o melhor do lbum  sua produo. Apesar de ainda ser multifacetada, a coerncia musical alcanada por Looking 4 Myself  surpreendente. Claro, os produtores que vo em um caminho mais R&B/hip hop se saram melhor, mas aqui as canes pop tambm tiveram timo tratamento. De todos os produtores Pharrell conseguiu produzir as melhores canes com a tima Twisted onde ele faz um featuring e Hot Thing, colocada na verso deluxe. H dois momentos surpreendes quando Usher segue um caminho mais pop alternativo com a Looking 4 Myself com participao de Luke Steele do duo Empire of the Sun e na estilizada Say the Words. Nas canes mais pop ele acerta em Scream (resenha a seguir) e com produo de Wil. i. Am em Can't Stop Won't Stop. Na R&B com reggae Sins of My Father, Usher abre o corao de maneira surpreendente. No existe nenhum momento realmente ruim, mas algumas msicas ficaram abaixo do resto do lbum com a R&B I Care for U e na dance pop Euphoria. O mais curioso  que o lbum, apesar de estrear em 1 na Billboard, vendeu apenas cerca de 120 mil cpias na primeira semana sendo a melhor vendagem para a carreira do Usher. Isso s confirma o que sempre digo: qualidade nem sempre  sinnimo de sucesso.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2012"
10,"Climax is a colourful song. The tunes are gentle. Climax gets climatic towards the end. I enjoyed hearing this. That song touched my heart. It's inspiring.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2014"
8,"Looking 4 Myself is an album with remarkable consistancy in quality, while having a good variety in styles. I enjoyed every song. I even dare to see that the less known songs of this album like 'Sins of my father' and ' what happened to you' are better than the songs that charted well such as 'Scream'.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2016"
10,"Brilliant. If you're going to judge this album just by it's first 2 poppy singles (which are pretty solid for what they are), Settle Down and Cameo Lover, then you're going to miss out on some fantastic soul and funk music. If you can get past the somewhat childish lyrics (she's only 22) and focus in on the music you're doing yourself a huge solid. There's something for everyone on this album, excluding rap and metal fans.",3,3,"May 23, 2012"
8,"From the confines of the southern hemisphere, Kimbra's debut album is clearly nice. With a rhythmic touch of magic and happiness, your ears are dipped in white dreams, bright and friendly. With melodies laden with a warm energy, Kimbra really deserves to be highlighted. A very good album to listen to pleasant air.",2,2,"Jul 18, 2012"
10,"I've never loved an Album so much, Kimbra has brought us a fantastic range of Music and you really do feel the sense of a true legend in the making. Every song is filled with true emotions and with jazz and pop incorporated into it you can't help but listen to all of the songs over and over again. The highlight for me is Settle Down which is probably one of my all time favourite songs. Kimbra your talented and beautiful and those two combined can be a deadly force, keep doing what your doing and you'll rise up to the rank of legend.",2,2,"Aug 27, 2012"
9,"Very Different Style Of Pop Music!
Kimbra's Album Vow's Is A No Brainer Good!",1,1,"Jun  5, 2012"
10,"This was by far the best album I've ever listened to... It has such a great mix of musical trickery while still showing Kimbra's outstanding vocal prowess.  From Settle Down to Limbo, not only is this album worth your money, the deluxe is even more so. It's not often the bonus tracks are just as if not better than some of the albums regular songs, especially with the regular tracks being of such quality. This is a must buy... a MUST BUY",1,1,"Jun 12, 2014"
10,"This album Rocks! Settle down Cameo lover  two way street Sally I can see you Home and Warrior  are the highlights  of the album but the whole album is Awesome!",2,3,"Jul 11, 2012"
10,"Kimbra's album is so awesome! She sound like a woman that so much experience to give for all the world. This one made me feel great and I love when I listen 'Something In The Way You Are' and 'Two Way Streets'. I love this album and Kimbra.",2,3,"Jul 21, 2014"
10,"Vows is a great album.  From start to to finish every track never feels the same.  One of the best surprises was 'Something in the Way You Are'.  Buy Vows today you won't be disappointed!",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
8,"After working with Gotye's single 'Somebody That I Used to Know', Kimbra realeases her own debut album and the result is great: a well arranged R6B/Soul/Jazzy Pop is what we can hear in 'Vows'. A brilliant CD which won't  disappoint who looks for something fresh and different!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2012"
8,"This is nothing short of an underrated classic. Particularly Warrior and Two Way Street are the two highlights of the album that I would recommend to just about everyone. This deserves so much more attention",0,0,"Oct 31, 2013"
10,"Kimbra is probably one of the best artists out there and this album shows why. It's just amazing!
She has a great voice and good writing skills and let it out on the album on songs like Posse, Good Intent, Sally I Can See You and The Build Up.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Perfeito! Cada sonoridade, cada letra. Kimbra consegue nos prender em cada faixa! Ela  um tipo de artista que deveria, realmente, ter conhecimento na mdia de hoje em dia... Uma artista completa.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2015"
10,"Flawless rapping seamlessly integrated within the albums pop on the album. Smoothly transitioning from Hip Hop to Pop to even some Dance and Electronic influences. Some could even say that Brokenhearted has some post-disco influences. I used to have Nicki Minaj as my favorite rapper, now its Karmin (Amy).",0,0,"Jun 17, 2012"
6,"Amy Heidennman definitely has the vocal prowess to give this album a good sense of talent, however, the way she spits out rhymes is kind of creepy and spoils the song at times. The other half of Karmin, Nick Noonan, has a good voice and he should have sang more in the EP. The song Coming Up Strong features Nick singing, but Amy just has to ruin the beauty of the song with her freakshow rap. Another track ruined by Amy's rapping style is I'm Just Sayin'. But the album is not all bad. The production is very radio-friendly and has some catchy hooks. Brokenhearted showcases Amy as a vocally powerful talent. The song is also very, very catchy. And her rap is not exactly horrible in the song.  Walking on The Moon has an adorable hook and the title track is highly danceable. The production is the main highlight of the album. While Amy's voice is another. Karmin needs to make more tracks like Brokenhearted. Songs that are energetic and fun and not full of freaky rapping. HIGHLIGHTS: Brokenhearted, I Told You So, Walking On The Moon. SONGS THAT ARE TO BE SKIPPED: I'm Just Sayin', Coming Up Strong.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2012"
10,"Explosive, catchy and fresh pop/rap/dance music... :3 sometimes old formulas work well even if artists only mix up some of the ingredients...",0,0,"Aug 27, 2012"
4,"As their EP's breakthrough lead single, 'Brokenhearted', can exemplify, Karmin are charismatic and capable of making irresistible pop melodies, however, the rest of Hello focuses on catapulting lead vocalist Amy as a rapper, which turns out to be the EP - and this duo's - biggest downfall. Lyrical content is underwhelming and often laughable, as proven in its second single 'I Told You So'. Let's hope criticism steers this Sonny and Cher-wannabe couple into the right direction.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2012"
8,"I Love This Album.. One Or Two Songs Are Weak..
But Still A Good Album!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
8,"The first time I listened to Karmin, I wrote them off.  A couple months passed and my girlfriend was listening to a catchy, fast-talking song.  It was Karmin, and I gave them another shake.  I LOVE about 4 songs on this album, and the others are just okay.  Like the quirky use of sounds on some of the songs.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2012"
6,"Like pretty much everyone else I first heard about this duo through their YouTube videos, and even though I never subscribed to their channel I liked the few videos I did see.  Still it wasn't until their impressive performance on SNL that I really began to take interest.  I forgot about them for a while but then after seeing a video about how much Brokenhearted sucks compared to the rest of the album, I figured I'd give this a listen. ---
Walking on the Moon: The music's good but that and the solid lovestruck chorus are ruined by the verses which are just filler bragging & as a result the whole song just feels unfocused, misleading & annoying. 6/10. --- Brokenhearted: Probably the most generic pop song here.  It's catchy & all but nothing special. 5/10. --- I Told You So: One of my favorites from this album.  The rapping especially is some of the most impressive here.  My one complaint is that hearing this version was a let-down after hearing the version with more emphasis on guitar & drums on the SNL performance.  Still, it's a good one. 7/10. --- Too Many Fish: This song just annoys me because 1) it's annoyingly repetitive, and 2) the whole 'fish in the sea' metaphor is just driven into the ground so much it loses effect quickly.  The whole thing just reminds me of Single Ladies.  Nuff said. 4/10. --- I'm Just Sayin: Most of the same compliments I gave I Told You So can also be applied here.  Everything about it just works, especially the more personal lyrics. 8/10. --- Coming Up Strong: First of all this is this only track here where Nick sings lead, and I really hope that happens more often in the future since he's got a good voice.  The track continues lyrically in the same vein as I'm Just Sayin while also taking away some of its mildly obnoxious elements that kept it from being a 9. This is my favorite track from here. I wish for tracks here felt this sincere.  It just takes all of Karmin's potential and magnifies it more than any other song here, and I hope they go more in this direction for their next album. 9/10. --- Hello: This isn't produced by David Guetta but it sounds like every David Guetta song ever, right down to the way it builds up to the chorus, which is an embarrassing 'homage' to Smells Like Teen Spirit and also sounds exactly like that Evacuate the Dancefloor song from a few years back.  Again, nuff said.  Not a good way to end the album at all.  3/10. --- Overall this album shows potential but there's a little too much label influence to call it a complete success. --- Favorites: I Told You So, I'm Just Sayin', Coming Up Strong.
Least favorites: Brokenhearted, Too Many Fish, Hello.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2012"
7,"Talk about hate, Boston duo Karmin seem to be hated by all the critics being called annoying and unoriginal, which does stink for the newcomers. Karmin releases their EP 'Hello' after their hit 'Brokenhearted' became a hit, and I disagree with what the critics are saying about 'Hello' because I enjoyed it, even if it's just an EP. Karmin has potential but this EP doesn't give me a whole lot to talk about, but I enjoyed nearly all the songs on here (though maybe one or two songs could've been used for their first big album) 'Walking On the Moon' was a fresh spin on Pop/Hip-Hop with cool beats and good flow (if slightly stupid lyrics) but it could be a song that'll make people laugh in a bad way. Other songs include 'I Told You So' 'Too Many Fish' and 'Hello' that are fun little songs to listen to. The problem for me is that I wished I got more, it probably wasn't the best idea to release an EP before you're first big release. Also some of the Lyrics are a little laughable, it seems like their trying to appeal to tweens and young adult hipsters. But I enjoyed 'Hello' as I thought it was a good EP and I'm curious to know more about Karmin after listening to this. Now stop with all the negativity.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
4,"I had liked Brokenhearted when it first got released but once I heard the whole EP that was the only song I think I would buy from it. There was a ton of rap in it which I guess I should've expected but it wasn't my kind of rap that I generally favor. Not my kind of album. Best tracks in my opinion: Brokenhearted, Hello",0,0,"Jul 11, 2013"
9,"I don't know why everyone hates Karmin. Their music is great. Amy vocals are so good, her rapping is insane! I would have loved to hear more from Nick, but the album is amazing overall.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"10
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",0,0,"Mar 11, 2014"
8,"This album is a great country album. Carrie never disappoints when is comes to delivering good country music. She is really one of the few female country artists who makes the country world interesting.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"Even though I wish there would be more 'dark' materials on the album like she promised, as a stand-alone album, Blown Away is an astounding collection of fun, sweet, dramatic, sad and thoughtful songs. Unlike the previous albums, Carrie takes you on a ride to different places; every song feels important and thoughtfully planned out. Recommended tracks: Wine After Whiskey, Good in Goodbye, Good Girl, Two Black Cadillacs, Thank God for Hometown, One Way Ticket, Cupid's Got a Shotgun.",1,1,"May  5, 2012"
9,"Muitos podem pensar que a Taylor Swift foi a artista que abriu as portas para uma nova gerao de cantores country fazendo uma nova fase no estilo que estava um pouco esquecido do mainstream. Erro comum. Na verdade, a cabea disso tudo  a Carrie Underwood. Ajudada pela platarforma que foi ter vencido o American Idol, Carrie retomou um velho arqutipo que estava fazendo falta ao country: a diva. Cercada por um grupo de produtores competentes e dona de um talento gigantesco ela se tornou um imenso sucesso logo no primeiro lbum Some Hearts em 2005 quando vendeu mais de 7 milhes de cpias e rendeu 3 Grammy's, inclusive de Artista Revelao. Com mais dois lbuns lanados, 14 milhes de cpias vendidas e 5 Grammy's na prateleira, Carrie se tornou a maior vencedora do AI de todos os tempos batendo a 'original' Kelly Clarkson. Passado sete anos, ela se prepara para lanar seu quarto lbum e mostra mais uma vez o motivo por ser a verdadeira 'princesa' do country.
Blown Away  sem dvida nenhuma o seu melhor trabalho. Um trabalho maduro do comeo ao fim mostrando um lado mais dark de Carrie. A evoluo sonora dela  visvel: um som mais rock com algo de pop, mas sempre ressaltando o country. O grande mrito do lbum  a coeso sonora que ele produz. No h momentos fracos ou mdios. Todas as msicas esto muito acima da mdia. Cada uma  um trabalho cuidadoso e competente costurando as amarras para criar um trabalho poderoso e memorvel. A produo instrumental  perfeita dando para cada faixa personalidade. Enquanto isso, Carrie mostra o motivo de ser a melhor voz da sua gerao. Mais que apenas uma cantora, ela  uma interprete. Seu trabalho vocal  precioso e vai de power baladas at uptempo com a mesma qualidade e essncia. Outro motivo de elogios so as composies. Apesar de certos momentos pecarem um pouco devido a falta de mais 'substncia', no geral so letras fortes e bem escritas. Quem  f deve achar o tom mais sombrio, pessimista e at triste na maioria das msicas, principalmente em comparao aos outros trabalhos de Carrie. Contudo, isso mostra uma busca mais aprofundada por expor os sentimentos e uma personalidade mais adequada com o momento de crescimento de Carrie.  difcil falar em pontos altos com um lbum to bom, mas posso ressaltar quanto que valem a pena ouvirem com mais cuidado: o single Good Girl, a poderosa Blown Away, a triste Forever Changed e a divertida Cupid's Got a Shotgun. E para quem duvidava, Carrie  a melhor cantora country da sua gerao. Taylor  apenas uma 'seguidora'.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2012"
3,"Sorry, Carrie Underwood trying to have a dark side?  Laughable.  And trying to cross over into Pop?  Gotta say, just a little too much twang in there to be believable.  She has a nice voice, sort of like a Barbara Mandrell, but not as entertaining - very bland.",0,1,"Aug  6, 2012"
10,"Blown Away is an amazing album. Carrie proves that she's a good writer. The lyrics of Good in Goodbye, Wine After Whiskey and Two Black Cadillacs are witty, sharp and relatable. Leave Love Alone, Good Girl and Cupid's Got A Shotgun are sassy, energetic and the vocal performance is just amazing. Songs like See You Again and Blown Away are ridiculously catchy while Do You Think About Me is so sweet",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
10,"'Blown Away' is yet another great album released by American Idol winner, Country superstar Carrie Underwood!It's her most artistic effort so far, and the highlights go to the dramatic songs 'Blown Away' and 'Two Black Cadillac'. Nevertheless, being as Country as she is, considering she's a proud Opry member, she also included some really Country tunes really she had never did before. These include the cute and interesting 'Cupid's Got A Shotgun' which actually features Entertainer of the Year, Brad Paisley on electric guitar. And also 'One Way Ticket', which has very heavy influences from the likes of Kenny Chesney.",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
10,"The true mark of an extraordinary album is that when the listener experiences it from start to finish, he or she is taken on a journey through positive and negative stories and can feel the emotional connection behind each track. This is what Carrie Underwood accomplishes on 'Blown Away' - her latest, and greatest studio effort made possible by her collaboration with producer Mark Bright. While Underwood's three previous albums are all excellent in their own way, 'Blown Away' fully encompasses what the country superstar has been able to do in the short seven years since we were introduced to her.
In true Underwood fashion, 'Blown Away' starts off with a bang on 'Good Girl,' but instead of drawing from her past experiences (a la 'Before He Cheats' or 'Last Name'), she is positioned as a mentor giving advice to a girl who Underwood clearly identifies with. Interestingly enough, there are hardly any songs that sound similar to each other on 'Blown Away,' and so the album's other upbeat tracks do not follow suit, particularly the maniacally fun 'Cupid's Got a Shotgun.' Instead, Underwood opts for a handful of mid-tempos and power ballads, alternating between traditional country and modern country themes.
One aspect that 'Blown Away' has going for it is that a good number of its tracks are more serious, and as seen in their lyrics, cover somewhat darker topics than Underwood is used to. This is the case particularly on the title track ('There's not enough rain in Oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house / There's not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past') and 'Two Black Cadillacs,' which explores a funeral setting where a dead man's wife and lover both arrive in two black Cadillacs after plotting his death ('But the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry').
Still, there are some lighthearted tracks that provide balance, especially the sweet, sing-songy 'Do You Think About Me,' the earthy, gritty 'Love Leave Alone' and the Jimmy Buffet-esque 'One Way Ticket,' which is an absolute must-be-released single. But the album's most overlooked track is probably 'See You Again,' a rousing piece that was intended for the 'Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader' soundtrack. While it is the most pop-friendly song on the album, Underwood's precious vocals fit the positive message and catchy chorus perfectly, and it does not sound out of place amidst the more country fare. The other more somber, serious offerings on 'Blown Away' - 'Good in Goodbye,' 'Forever Changed' and 'Wine After Whiskey' - are all beautiful in their own right, with 'Changed' being the most touching due to the subject matter, and 'Whiskey' being the most radio-friendly of the bunch.
While none of the tracks on 'Blown Away' are bad, there are a few that are more generic than the others, such as the na na na-filled 'Nobody Ever Told You' and the nice but slightly 'been there, done that' 'Thank God for Hometowns.'
Finally, Underwood closes the album with the Mutt Lange-penned 'Who Are You,' a powerfully belted ode to her faith, which is an excellent way to tie up any loose ends from earlier tracks.
There are few artists out there that can be placed on the same pedestal as Carrie Underwood at the moment, and with the quiet confidence and humility displayed on 'Blown Away,' she continues to remind people of how despite al the success she's had, she's still the same personable girl from Checotah, Oklahoma.",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
10,"This is her best album to date. I wouldn't skip any single track. It shows her versatility as a singer and growth as a songwriter. Standout tracks: Blown Away, Good In Goodbye, Wine After Whiskey, Two Black Cadillacs, and See You Again.",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
9,"This is Carrie's 4th album. If we look back at history, most singers really give their most artistically creative and personal albums at this point. Britney Spears gave us In The Zone which saw her really getting down and dirty and completely shedding her good girl image. Same can be said about Rihanna's Rated R. Beyonc's 4 was an incredible adventure into her beautiful loving soul and took us back to the golden days of R&B. Miranda Lambert's Four The Record swept award season because she was finally able to shed her 'woman scorned' image and show that she was still a loving lady. Now I'm sitting here writing a review for one of the industries strongest vocals, beaming in exciting because I can say the same thing for her. Carrie Underwood's Blown Away album is her most brooding and chilling in some places, while in others she is as goofy and country as ever. I guess she really took note of critics mixed reviews for Play On because she didn't hold back a damn thing. Here are some highlights.Per usual the album starts with the lead single 'Good Girl' which was her official 'I'm back, bitches' statement to the country charts, which she has slowly been cracking, showing longevity while others make short stints at the top spots. Think 'Cowboy Casanova' being retold to some poor foolishly in love little girl who's about to run of with the absolute worst guy she could end up with. If Carrie Underwood was belting at me like that, I definitely wouldn't go with him. By the end of the song, Carrie's already got you in a dark mood, thinking about some man that pissed you off. The next two songs really took me by surprise. 'Blown Away' is easily the greatest story in her discography. It tells the tale of a **** father who meets his maker at the mercy of mother nature, in a vengeful feat by his daughter. Lyrically, the song is a metaphorical powerhouse, 'There's not enough rain in Oklahoma to wash the sins out of this house.' Whatever went down in that house, she is ready to let it go, including the man who caused it all. If I don't convince you to buy this album by the end of this review, do yourself a favor and buy this track on iTunes.Underwood stays in Lifetime movie mode with 'Two Black Cadillacs' which is another tear-jerking tale, this time about a wife and a mistress who finally meet at the funeral of their mischievous man-whore. Yes, interesting story, but Underwood's delivery in this song makes it all the more chilling. 'Forever Changed' is this album's 'Temporary Home' or 'Just A Dream' and most classically country. The story is really just unnecessarily sad. Having dealt with family or friends that suffer from dementia or Alzheimer's may make this song touchy for some, but every will feel the emotional outpouring from Underwood's subdued deliver.'One Way Ticket' is pretty much Underwood's own little 'Margaritaville.' Fun country tune fused with a tropical beat that sounds like a fun time on the beach with a Corona.I'm hoping 'Leave Love Alone' becomes a single. It's the album's most catchy and fun song. I almost, and I hate saying this, chop it up to Sugarland. The tune is just incredible addictive.Brad Paisley joins the mix on 'Cupid's Got A Shotgun' which follows the previous track in being extremely fun and radio ready. I'd love a video for this song more than any other.Overall, Blown Away just really blows Play On out of the water. Carrie takes everything that's worked well for in the past, critically, and kicks it up a notch. This is only the second album released this year that I feel is worthy of a 'Album of the Year' Grammy nomination. (The other honor goes to Lana Del Rey for the cohesive Born to Die LP)Rating this album isn't hard at all. 3 listens in and I'm actually going to upgrade it one point that I'd originally prepared and give Carrie a 9 out of 10.Buy this album! Buy this album! Buy this album!",0,0,"May  3, 2012"
8,"This album is a good country album. Tracks like Good Girl , Two Black Cadillacs, Leave Love Alone were my favourite . This album is not as advertised by Good Girl, but it was something else better.",0,0,"May 14, 2012"
9,"This album is full of hits....country music seems to be one of the few places left that the album format is still surviving.  And here it lives up to the old standards.  Great songs to sing along with, powerful use of her amazing voice.",0,0,"May 14, 2012"
2,"Just bought this album and was disappointed.  I think she took 2 steps back from her previous works. I bought it because I liked her first single, Good Girl, but the rest of the songs just did not do anything at all for me.  Just very bland and she doesn't seem to have evolved at all.  Oh well, maybe next CD.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2012"
10,"Carrie always knows how to win over the hearts of country fans without even having to try. This album is definitely one of those. She gives a very dark and edgy twist to this album, in which she stated the record would be dark and twisted. There are a few light-hearted songs, which mean all the more wonderful!",0,0,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"This album is a masterpiece. Differently from 'Play On', 'Blown Away' tracks are very different from each other, and she goes really country, she goes a little mellow, she goes a little pop, she goes a little rock, she is a multi-colored palette, and even though she show many different colours, they all work together, and nothing seems out of place in here. Carrie has proved once again why she is so successful, and this time, she's done it with real quality.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2012"
8,"With Underwood soaring her vocals to heights not recorded on her own studio albums before, Blown Away is a masterpiece in achieving the best vocal capabilities of any Idol alumni (even outshining Kelly Clarkson.) With a mix of fun summer-sound jams like Good Girl and One Way Ticket, to the dark and brooding Two Black Cadillacs and Blown Away, Underwood's vocals command the lyrics and blow away the production. With expertise quality in delivering an album that flows naturally from desolate and dark, to cheery, and hopeful  Underwood and her team have delivered an album solid for the genre of Country. While perhaps best favoring the album's closing ballad in Who Are You, mid-album track, Thank God For Hometowns, and single  See You Again, Underwood rivals even the majesty of her previous release (Play On).",0,0,"Aug 30, 2013"
9,"Firstly, I must say to the person who rated a 0 claiming that she jokes about Tay and should 'die with a stick in her mouth', let me ask, what the hell does that have to do with her album?
For the actual review, I must say whilst this album has a few imperfections, overall it is a very good album. Whilst some songs are a little bland for me (See You Again, for example  however I will say it does have a nice message and I always tear up watching the video) and a few songs a kinda over-produced, this is by far her most creative project and the risks payed off. And, as always, her voice is amazing and powerful.
Stand-out tracks: Do You Think About Me, Blown Away, Two Black Cadillacs, Wine After Whiskey (to be fair, everything on the album is worth a listen, but these tracks are those that stand out to me. Of course, we all have different tastes)",0,0,"Jan  6, 2014"
10,"Best Carrie Underwood album ever! Such great tracks like 'Blown Away,' 'Good Girl,' and 'Do You Think About Me.' Such a brilliant release from the queen of country herself.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2015"
8,"Not perfect, but I really like this album. Every song has good replay value and though I'm not usually a pop rap fan at all, this is one of the very few that I did enjoy.",1,1,"Jul 21, 2012"
10,"I waited for around four months for this album and it was worth the wait . But for the negative reviewers, I think they've got a problem with Bobby Ray with complaining about hardship in stardom like Drake. But he's not getting overboard like Eminem who ended up dissing his mom, his ex wife Kim, and other artists. The music sounds professional, something different . His music has different ideas that other rappers or hip hop artists won't use.(Excluding Kanye West) As a rapper, B.o.B is still stepping up his game. For the songs, you just got to hear the whole thing. I list this  as one of the albums which require careful attention. Anyway B.o.B , I understand what you are trying to produce. If you are reading this, thank you your attention .",4,5,"May 14, 2012"
10,"Great album all around. This could be perceived as 'please all' if somebody only thought that people are physically aloud to make different genres. From Castles to Out of My Mind to Arenas this album fails to disappoint",3,5,"May  6, 2012"
10,"B.o.B is one of the most diverse, best artists around right now and there isnt a single one that deserves to be mainstream as much as he does. Damn bobby ray done come a mighty long way.",1,2,"May  6, 2012"
0,"This is one of the corniest artists in hip-hop, and there are definitely a lot of cornballs.  To make things even worse B.o.B. gets other cornballs on this album such as Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, and T.I.  This album is what you get when you mix up a bunch of different genres, and the execution of each and every genre is s***.",3,7,"May  4, 2012"
3,"The second disaster of this ultra commercial artist. After 'Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded' this 2012 gives us another reason to throw from the terrace. The production is so boring and mediocre, and the bases produced by Dr. Luke might be good for the ring tones on my Nokia but not for an album charts. After listening two songs of this **** my only wish is: STOP IT!",2,5,"May  2, 2012"
0,"Not wat i was looking for BOB his first album is better than this one and his 1st sucks so much bob isnt fit for this industry he should hang up the mic and do sumthin hes good at",2,6,"May  3, 2012"
8,"2010's big label debut 'The Adventures of Bobby Ray' introduced the Atlanta native as a modern day Andre 3000 - a charismatic performer with eclectic influences and a strong grip on the commercial capacities of pop-soaked hip-hop. Two years, hit singles, gold status and a vault of mix-tape tunes later B.O.B. is back with the awaited follow up, 'Strange Clouds'.Eager to avoid the Sophomore Curse Bobby Ray wisely chooses to more-or-less work similar angles as 'Adventures'. Whether it's trading Hayley Williams for Taylor Swift on the yearning 'Both Of Us', swapping out Bruno Mars for Trey Songz on radio-ready R&B hits or indeed recruiting former guest acts T.I. and Playboy Tre for second outings each song and step of this new record seems a coolly calculated move.Even if collaborations with Chris Brown, Lil Wayne and Nicki Minaj seem a redundant course of action these days, said features are far more enticing and explosive a listen than many others you'd care to name - thanks mostly to some innovative production work (namely Dr Luke and the man himself) and clever wordsmithery. Thematically and lyrically, B.O.B. is still the observant and pop culture savvy rapper I've lauded for years and even though the material doesn't tread new ground as such (except when a newly-developed ego takes over on 'Arena' as he wryly states 'damn I'm killing them/I know they feeling me now... I'm the **** he is still one of the more refreshing characters in rhyme play and line delivery.Better still, it's a more cohesive set than his last effort, just as capable of running per-tracklist in its entirety as it is being cut up and playlisted by today's iPod Generation. And with material that markets itself incredibly well to both pop and urban audiences it's probably going to be a while before we find B.O.B. come back down to Earth.",1,3,"May  5, 2012"
10,"i  honestly think this is a great album. And it is a modern hip hop album with pop sensibilities.  Everybody can listen to. It has strong influences from pop and every song sounds different and fresh. He is not afraid to cross boundaries rappers dont normally do. And his creativity on this album was great. Every song is listenable",0,4,"May  4, 2012"
9,"This album was awesome.  B.o.B is able to easily jump from rap, to pop, to even some rock with amazing results.  If you were a fan of his mixtapes and/or The Adventures of Bobby Ray, you will definitely find something to enjoy.  My personal favorite tracks are So Hard to Breathe, Bombs Away, So Good, Just  a Sign, and Where Are You.  The only negatives I could think of is that there were too many features and Play the Guitar was not on the album.",0,2,"May  2, 2012"
9,"I loved this album from the start. Morgan Freeman created an interesting intro to the album that was the way to start a cd. Each song individually was great, but there were a few parts where songs should have been rearranged to make the album as a whole better.",0,3,"May  2, 2012"
8,"Bombs Away - 10/10 A really strong entrance to the album with heavy synths but I was hoping Morgan Freeman would break into a freestyle rap
Ray Bands - 9/10 A strong follow up, a bit of a **** song but still catchy
So hard to breathe 7/10 Maybe outstays it's welcome, and goes on a bit, but it's a nice song to chill to
Both Of Us - 9/10 another strong inspirational song with assistance from Taylor Swift's nice vocals
Strange Clouds - 10/10 If you're feeling epic and pumped and ready to kick a** in whatever you do, then this a good song
So Good - 10/10 It's not about girls at the club with massive a**, this girl's intelligent, it's nice to hear songs not about h**s and b*****s, but about decent people
Play For Keeps 7/10 - he steps into an experimental zone here, does it really pull off, I'm not reall sure
Arena - 8.5/10 - Chris Brown's vocals really stands out in the song
Out Of My Mind - 4/10 - Massive let down, not helped by Nicki Minaj's poor rap
Never Let You Go - 9/10 - It's a sweet love song, and an airy refreshing sound
Chandelier - 8/10 - It's nice, if overlong
Circles - 6/10 - It's doesn't really go anywhere, but it's by no means bad
Just A Sign - 9/10 really nice strong song to chill to
Castles - 10/10 I love this song because it's sang like it loves me back
Where Are You - 10/10 - It addresses all the problems of selling out fully, and yet still keeps it's humanity
In this album, apart from a few slip ups, B.o.B goes on to prove that he can hold a high standard, for many moods, from pumped up to cooling down, this album goes onto prove that it's not all gangsta or all depressed, that you can fuse many tracks and moods together and still pull it off",0,0,"Sep 30, 2012"
4,"It sounds like B.o.B. is trying to rely on lyrics that are supposed to get you thinking, but all I could think of was how corny the album was. The album is boring and has no replay value. A message that appears constantly on the album is how he has some inner struggle with 'selling out' and that he doesn't want to put money or fame over his integrity for the music... but it seems like he already has. Songs like 'Out of my mind' really prove that point. The songs that do have the 'I don't want to sell out' message... just don't sound very good. The production on those songs is basic and cheesy.
Not a good album at all.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2012"
10,"This is one of the best albums ever! B.o.B showcases his smart lyrics writing with a wide range of creative songs! Some are balled like Where Are You and So Hard To Breath as others are just fun like Strange Clouds and Out of My Mind! This is a unique must buy, and I am shocked with all the negative and mixed reviews!",0,0,"Jan  6, 2013"
7,"Strange Clouds overall is a very strong album with strong tracks (Ray Bands, Where Are You?, Play for Keeps, Bombs Away, Both of Us) but has a few songs, like the title track, that strays too close to generic modern rap/hip-hop, something of which The Adventures of Bobby Ray never did.",0,0,"May 25, 2014"
9,"Great album from start to finish the only bad point is the album had way to many features and horrible features at that that's the only reason this isn't a 10",0,0,"Jun 19, 2013"
10,"Cet album est tout simplement incroyable. Jamais je n'ai gard autant de sons d'un album (10 !) sur mon tlphone, et il m'arrive trs souvent de les couter. Le point fort de cet album est sa diversit. On passe du rap au rock, au hip-hop & mme  de la Soul-Lounge. Des styles si diffrents mais que B.o.B combine si bien. Mme si certains featuring de guest ne sont pas ncessaires, (Taylor swift et Nicki Minaj ne sont que de la poudre aux yeux, et aident l'album  s'tre fait connatre, ce qui est comprhensible.)",0,0,"Jul 14, 2015"
10,"Satellite e Chasing The Sun so timas, e ainda tem as minhas musicas preferidas do The Wanted + Battleground. Esse EP t mais que perfeito! The Wanted tem tudo pra bombar.",1,2,"May 11, 2012"
10,"Best Boy band. I listen to The Wanted since 'All Time Low'. It's the only Boygroup for male people.. There is no stupid dancing, but own songwriting. Best singles are: Chasing the Sun,Glad You Came and Warzone. Best Boy band since 'Take That' ... Uk has the best music :D",1,2,"May 15, 2012"
0,"sucks. really, really sucks. this isn't 150 characters long yet? OMG it just sucks! Still not 150, hmm don't buy it ever. Here are some bands i do recommend, The Arctic Monkeys, The Strokes, Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Blink 182, AFI, The Kooks, The Beatles.",0,1,"Apr 27, 2012"
5,"I am so extremely against boy bands. They usually don't harmonize well, personalities don't seem to mix well and the image as a whole ends up tacky. Still, I gave them a chance.'Glad You Came' already has Billboard in a choke hold, only being outdone by the massive Fun. & Janelle Monae single 'We Are Young.' It was the perfect lead single because it really showcases their use of electro-pop to elevate what would be boring and typical boy band music to a level that keeps them from being annoying.'Chasing The Sun' starts of similarly, somewhat gentle, but by the time the song climaxes, you're going to be dancing so hard you might lose a shoe. I did. I'd never imagine a boy band successfully latching onto the dance craze, especially since we haven't had a good one in almost a decade, but this song really could potentially be a summer smash. It is the next single, after all. The highlight definitely has to be the adrenaline pumping 808. 'All Time Low' is the more typical boy band track. It doesn't really have a particular stand out moment. It almost feels like 'Chasing the Sun' never really ended, but the melody was slightly altered and pushed on.'Satellite' makes up for the dip 'All Time Low' made, but is still consistent in style from the previous three tracks. Slower verses, killer dance chorus. This song is a bit catchier and you actually hear a slight sliver of personality coming out.'Lightning' is where the EP starts to falter. Even though it's a nice tune, at this point it's monotonous. Same build. Same underlying beat. Same harmonies. They are in desperate need of a Beyonc to take the lead.Then, all of a sudden the dance party ends. I didn't really know what to think of 'Heart Vacancy' because I was so caught of guard by the sudden disruption of electro-synths with a acoustic guitar. Did Taylor Swift walk in the room? I'll say it again, none of these boys really stand out from one another. Every good band has a leader. I can't even tell who's singing what. Their vocals are actually kind of weak.Sorry, 'Gold Forever.' I already stopped having fun. Don't trying restarting the party.Ok, I'm being dramatic. The EP isn't bad by any means. It's just lacking a few key items, like a lead singer, varying beats and maybe one of them can rap or something. I don't know. Liven it up! They came swinging, but they missed quite a few punches. This could have been epic, but it falls just short of 'pretty cool.'I'd slap a 5 out of 10 on this one. Am I being to generous? Too harsh? Let me know in the comments!",0,1,"May  3, 2012"
6,"The Wanted - on their latest EP put up the average pop songs, that blend with what the majority of artists represents - such joyful lyrics about nothing in connection with dance, electronic soundtrack. The only songs in which the patent worked out are 'Gold Forever' and the hit song 'Glad You Came' - enriched by accordion motifs.",0,0,"May 26, 2012"
10,"Excepcional nunca ouvi algo to bom em toda minha vida,a juno de msicas animadas e calmas transformam o lbum em um dos melhores de toda dcada.No h palavra para definir como 'Chasing the Sun' se encaixa perfeitamente nas vozes de cada um dos rapazes,'All time Low' com um nicio suave  meldico se encaixando com o refro animado e perplexo da msica a transforma perfeita.A dcadas eu no ouvia nada como esse lbum,se a algo a dizer o considero Perfeito.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2013"
9,"DEUS LEVA A 1D E TRS ELES DE VOLTA POR FAVOR EU NUNCA TE PEDI NADA, OS VOCAIS DELES SO TO BONS AFFZO, SAUDADES DOS REIS QUE POR MAIS QUE NO TIVERAM TANTO RECONHECIMENTO COMO A 1D SEMPRE PISOU NELES",0,0,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"Simply Amazing...
I Wish More Singers Sounded This Good Live...
Not Even Adele Can Do This Good!",2,2,"Jun  1, 2012"
1,"I was a huge fan of Nicki Minaj, but now it seems she's just concerned with making as much money possible without exerting much effort. There's probably two good songs on here and neither of them are great. Roman Holiday is one of the biggest messes I've ever heard. Good for her for doing whatever the hell it is that she wants, but it's almost insulting that she put this out and expects us to pay for it. Thank you to Rdio for letting me stream before deciding whether or not to buy it. The pop tracks are nothing new. In fact, they are kind of corny. 'Starships were meant to fly'....can we take a moment to decipher what this is supposed to mean? 'Marilyn Monroe' is another hilarious song.",20,28,"Apr  4, 2012"
0,"This is legitimately one of the worst Pop albums I have ever heard.  There is almost nothing redeemable to this album.  Nicki MInaj believed her own hype and created something dangerously bad.",21,38,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Nicki Minaj is NOT just a rapper. She's trying to breakout of her little box labeled 'rapping only' and reaching new heights. It should be clear that people try to become more diverse. It may sound like a lifeless, cheap album with fillers, but after hearing it again, listening to the lyrics, the songs became very catchy.",16,30,"Apr  3, 2012"
0,"One of the worst album of the year. Absolutely awful.",18,38,"Apr  3, 2012"
0,"This album is not very well put together. It sounds as if Nicki Minaj does not even know what she wants it to sound like. She pretends to have total control over both rap and pop; however, she was not confident enough to release this album with any less than nineteen tracks. Many of these tracks sound incomplete as well. 'Beez In The Trap' endlessly repeats the same lyric. 'Pound The Alarm' has an instrumental for a chorus. 'Whip It' is supposed to sound like a pop song, but it does not even have a bridge. Nicki Minaj needs to spend more time making quality tracks and not just putting many tracks together.",2,2,"Oct 15, 2012"
4,"This album was over-whemingly disappointing, after the moderate debut by the female rapper, Better was expected. Unfortunately not. If the follow up to this is double the disappointment, Nicki will have to search the dustbin for fresh songs.",2,2,"Jan 24, 2013"
0,"the first time i heard it i was like  what the  am i listening to' Once again leaving her roots of rap and hip hop she turned to pop music. Really BAD  pop music. with poor lyricism and so much focus on beef, she once again focused on Lil' Kim and made this album solely on Kim... Re-evaluate your sound, and stop appeasing other outlets ans you will lose in the end.",2,2,"Nov 12, 2013"
3,"Minaj's raps is not the bigger trouble in this album. Half urban-rap, and half cheesy-pop, the problem is the production of the songs. While the urban-rap part has it's good merit, the electropop- David Guetta's kind- makes the whole album sound like a big collage of club bangers songs with none other purpose than blast the charts and sells thousands of copies. Maybe Minaj has to redeem herself in terms of production, and this album proves it.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2012"
1,"Fluff for the ears, but just barely. Starships is pure pop music without and lyrics to chew upon, but the rest left me wishing i just did not listen to it.",1,1,"May 26, 2012"
3,"The first 9 songs as a whole barely pass as good. The rest of the album is pure garbage. Incohesive, messy, all over the place, rushed, Just, trash. Terrible follow up to Pink Friday",1,1,"Jul 10, 2012"
1,"This is what you get for having a fake African American without any talent and sing. Pretty much repetitive lyrics over and over again. I would call this a disgrace to the music industry.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
0,"LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO what the actual  is this  who ever approved this you needa quit music or life man!!! i laughed so hard listeing to this crap!! lmaooooooo yo how this  right here you should act like this never existed smh you suck nicki, you ruining music!!  pure rubbish",1,1,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"Honestly, it's an album of rap or hip hop (mediocre). Not original, also I think what makes it better is the dance. The best songs are (Whip It, Starships and Va Va Voom). Another thing that makes it annoying, is very long. Diciendio conclude that 'Roman Holiday' is the worst song on the disc.",1,1,"Dec 31, 2013"
0,"I earned this album before but I've thrown it on the trash. This is obviously the WORST album released by a female rapper, ever. I have no words to describe this crappy, attention seeking album.
'Rap songs'  Too much cuss words (unnecessary cussing actually). Very non-sense lyrics, the song 'Roman Holiday' is terrible as she tries to call attention with her weirdness. The only good 'rap' song on this album is Champion because it includes Nas as a featured singer, although the message of the song it's cliche.
Pop songs  Too MUCH auto tune, very dumb lyrics. 'Starships were meant to fly' & 'I'm a bad b*tch with no muzzle' are some of the lyrics that I was able to found between tracks 10-18. Yeah, that's scary.
Not to mention the final track. That's the worst song I heard in my whole life.
If you've given this album a positive review, please kill yourself.",1,1,"Jan  3, 2014"
0,"Jesus Christ,
the cancer some people call music, this album is as shallow as the person who made it. How **** like this reaches main stream is beyond me.
You guys remember good music right? no? me either/s",1,1,"Apr  8, 2014"
3,"As much as I love Nicki Minaj, and have bought numerous copies of this album for presents for my friends & family, I have to confess this is an absolute MESS of an album. I enjoy some of the tracks, but they don't flow together and this resembles more of a fan made collection of songs than a professional album. We can clearly see Minaj attempts to split the album into 'stages' but it really doesn't work. These 'stages' are as followed.
STAGE 1: HIP-HOP
STAGE 2: HARDCORE RAP
STAGE 3: R&B
STAGE 4: POP
STAGE 5: BALLADS
STAGE 6: THROWAWAY / NATIVE / OTHER / MORE POP
Minaj opens her roller coaster of an album with a roller coaster song. Her incredibly whacky 'Roman Holiday'. Closely following the random stylings of 'Roman Holiday' is 'Come On A Cone'. This is basically three minutes and five seconds of Minaj bragging about her accomplishments and this is probably one of the worst tracks on the album. Next up is 'I Am Your Leader' which even though it follows the same recipe of 'Come On A Cone', and is still a bragging song, it turns out to be an album highlight, and verses from Rick Ross & Cam'ron are brilliantly received.Last in this 'stage' comes 'Beez In The Trap'. If I said I'd never got down to this song I'd be lying, I have a guilty pleasure for this song. The lyrics are horrific, the production is a mess and 2 Chainz shows up to deliver one of the worst verses in his career, but put this song on and I will DEFINITELY be first on the floor twerking. The next stage in this **** of an album is more hardcore and features appearances from rap legends like Nas, Drake & Lil Wayne. First up is 'HOV Lane'. Another boast song in which Minaj compares herself to rap veteran Jay-Z (HOV). The song overall is...meh, kind of a copy of 'Come On A Cone'. Things really don't improve with 'Roman Reloaded', ANOTHER bragging song which also manages to cause offence and mock Christopher Bosh, and take jabs at the horrific columbine school shooting. And then Lil Wayne shows up to contribute a sex-driven verse with no really memorable lines.
However, things seem to go from zero to hero with the brilliant addition of 'Champion'. The song starts out with a chilling verse from Minaj, and moves onto Nas, Drake and then finally Young Jeezy, all of whom add great verses to the song. The production and hook on this song is spectacular also. The R&B section is well received, as is the ballad section. The pop section however is awful. 'Starships', 'Pound The Alarm', 'Whip It' & 'Automatic' are all forgettable and sound pretty similar.
Overall, the album is said to be an 'experimental phase for Minaj to find her sound' but ten years into your career, you should already know your sound. This was a quick album full of guaranteed hits to rake in the cash. NOT impressed. I'd question why the album was nominated for a grammy but 2 Chainz was nominated also so I'll leave the lid on that can of worms FIRMLY shut.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
9,"The best album of Nicki, she managed to put the rap with pop perfectly, thrilling beats, good vocals that make this album something wonderful to hear.
Highlights: Starships and Whip It
Lows: Champion and Sex In The Lounge",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
2,"Okay, although I didn't like Pink Friday, I'd give Nicki Minaj this, she is unique. Yeah I know, it sounds weird. But you can't say she isn't original, and if some other female rapper came in wore a pink wig, rapped in a British accent and sung in autotune that she wouldn't be compared to Nicki. Seriously though, she has proved she could hold her own with the best of them, such as Kanye, Jay & Em. And I can respect that her debut was much more hip hop based than pop based.
So seeing this, I thought it was a reissue of Pink Friday. I mean let's be honest it sounds like it would be Pink Friday with some extra tracks. But this is not Pink Friday, no Roman Reloaded is much, much worse. I mean it is catastrophically bad. I counted 5 tracks on this album I liked, the rest was either filler or garbage. And I had the same total for Pink Friday too, the only difference is where as Pink Friday gave you mercy with 13 tracks. This tortures you with 19 tracks and 70 minutes of which 80% is bad. She uses ungodly annoying flows that would make the punchline rap look subtle. What's worst is that Nicki (oh, I'm sorry, I mean Roman) is starting to turn into a pop diva and those 8 or 9 songs are obnoxious. Her singing is obnoxious, her raps are obnoxious, the production is obnoxious, it makes Lady Gaga sound like Sarah McLachlan. Let me put it to you this way, if you liked Roman's Revenge (like me), you'll like 5 of these songs, if you liked Did It On Em, you'll like half of these songs, if you like Super Bass, you'll like the other half plus the deluxe edition bonus tracks. I'll give her credit that she's trying to be diverse and trying to reach out for different sounds. It's just, to me, she failed at doing most of these sounds particularly well. Don't look for the Nicki who said she's 'returning to her roots on this album' here folks, that Nicki is nowhere to be found.",3,4,"Nov 18, 2012"
2,"I just wanna believe that someone likes this xyt...Nicki started as a good rapper, with non oficial songs like Still I Rise, N.I.G.G.A.Z and Itty Bitty Piggy, and now that she is famous, she forgot that she's just a reductive form of Lil Kim and want to be a black and flopped version of Lady Gaga + Katy Perry . But i have the hope that she will recognize her fall and turn back to be a trash rapper and back to Trindad to never coming back to media.",7,10,"Oct  6, 2012"
1,"I'm not a huge fan of this genre of music anyway, but Nicki seems to have taken hip-hop/pop to a whole new level.Gone are the days of the greats; Run DMC and Beastie boys. Rappers like Eminem and Professor Green seem to be the only hope, the hip-hop genre has left. Nicki Minaj seems to be the new banner man, well banner woman of the decay of the genre and the music industry as a whole. Pretty talentless, with horrible songs and worst of all is completely full of herself. She first came to my attention with her terriblerip off of the Big Pink's - dominoes, on her previous album. Though while that was just bearable, this 2nd one is not. I mean Beez in the trap? Holy Christ alive - that should not be called music!!!",4,6,"Dec 11, 2012"
2,"At face value, there is nothing inherently wrong with this album. However, you cannot judge this album at face value because Nicki Minaj claimed that this album would be a 'big movement in hip hop'. Therefore, we have to judge it as an album that is supposed to change things. With that said, the album is horrendous. While the pop songs are catchy and generic enough to be radio hits, there is no depth, meaning, or talent being showcased. The bad lyrics are laid over bad beats that sound like reject tracks from every other major popstar of today. Nicki Minaj went to RedOne to try and cash in on the Lady Gaga madness, but it didn't work because the Gaga/RedOne magic only works with Gaga. As for the rapping, the beats and the lyrics still seem uninspired. Nicki Minaj constantly rhymes words with themselves, and lyrics like 'Put my d*ck in your face' are as hilarious as they are try-hard. 'Roman Reloaded' is the result of an artist buying into their own hype. The problem with Nicki Minaj, though, is that there was never that much hype around her to begin with. This is a woman who thinks that because she's had one successful single and album, she's the most successful and popular rap artist of all time. It's ridiculous. Instead of sitting down and trying to create a coherent body of work, she sat down and said, 'How can we ensure quick and easy success,' thus spawning the songs on the album. Nicki Minaj tried to pander to both her mixtape fans as well as the people who loved 'Superbass', but instead of coming up with a good album, she came up with something that screams, 'Help, I'm confused and don't know what I am.' Hopefully she pulls herself down from cloud nine and realizes that even when you are famous, people will not let bad work slide. Better luck next time.",14,23,"Apr  4, 2012"
5,"The album is not all bad, I love the rap tracks like 'beez In the Trap', 'I Am Your Leader', 'Champion' and whoever says 'Roman Holiday' is a bad song, doesn't know music because that song is a experimental pop creation. The pop songs whoever leave a sour taste in my mouth. 'Va Va Voom' & 'Automatic' are the only good pop records on this album. The album is not bad but its not as cohesive as I wanted it to be.",3,5,"Jun  4, 2012"
0,"this **** is WACK as **** ! it's honestly trash!  from track 1 to whatever it is cause i don't want to remember that i even heard that **** it might be the worst album i have ever heard in my life, she's horrible. If you like this then you like ****",5,9,"Apr  4, 2012"
0,"Nicki Minaj has to be the worst thing to ever happen to music. I listened to the album to see what all the hype was about, whilst listening to it i felt IQ pack up leave my head, it was so bad i felt myself become stupid listening to it.",5,9,"Apr  4, 2012"
10,"This album is excellent, it blends hip hop tracks and pop dance tracks as well as RnB. Whenever an artist makes a crossover album it's always expected to get mixed reviews but Roman Reloaded is a sure hit and is filled with amazing songs.",6,11,"Apr  5, 2012"
3,"So what do you get when you add her very successful major label debut 'Pink Friday' with her ultimately overly dramatic alter-ego 'Roman Polanski' why you get none other than 'Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded' my good friends. Could Nicki come threw and finally string together the ultimate hip-hop album for not just the female Mc's all over the world but even shake up the game with the male's involved in it too...?
Standout Tracks:
1.  Roman Reloaded (feat. Lil Wayne)
2. Champion (feat. Nas, Drake & Young Jeezy)
3. Right By My Side (feat. Chris Brown)
4. Sex In the Lounge (feat. Bobby V & Lil Wayne)
5. Marilyn Monroe
This is a failed effort on not just her part, her features, her production team, and her label for allowing her to make a fool out of herself. Nicki Minaj makes the first part of this album sound like a failed hip-hop effort, then it shifts at around track ten which is 'Starships' for the worst pop ballad ever displayed. It's baffling to say the least on the hip-hop stand point but her pop showing is just down right unforgivable. The only bright side to this album is commercial wise, she's gonna dominate seeing as though her singles will appeal to this world of simple minded people who like anyone who makes a name for themselves, i mean the track i looked so much forward to was track seven 'Champion feat. Young Jeezy, Drake & Nas' but that track just proves once again that no matter what kind of all-star line-up you have if ithere's no sync it equals a fail. This is stricly an album for the so called 'Barbies' and even to her homosexual community fan base the 'Kens'. There were times though that she seemed to be in control but then comes out of nowhere with here amazingly overly dramatic cartoonish like flow and destroys what probably had the potential to at least be an average track at best. You can;t even get a clear description of what to label the album, i mean it goes from hip-hop, to pop, then electro hop. Gosh it makes me sick to know that this is what our music has become, she;s not making a name for herself she's proving that in due time her career is going to flop. Most artist like Nicki don't last to see album four because by the time album three release people start to finally realize that this is the chick we thought was going to change the rap game. Yeah right 'She-Male Weezy' and even he's starting to make me so sick of rapping. There's not too many bright points to even point out to this album seeing as though it's exactly what hip-hop has become... COMMERCIAL, and oh believe me her face won't stop seeing the likes of the 'Billboard 200' but the total dislikes she's going to garner is going to be incredible. You think people hate Justin Bieber, wait until this album gets oh i don't know maybe 3 weeks old. So Nicki there's nothing much to be said but if this is how Marilyn Monroe felt then it's no wonder she died young... right. 37.8/100 F-. So i don't know if you still 'Beez In The Trap' (probably not the woman lives in Hollywood come on), but if so they need to remind you were you came from cause right now it isn't looking to good for the way your career is headed.",7,13,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER! I love EVERY song! I love how half of the album is rap and the other half is pop! Nicki Minaj did it again! Best album of the year so far!",7,13,"Apr  3, 2012"
9,"Overall I LOVE This Album! In My Opinion Lost Herself A Few Times.. But Still Really Amazing! I Love How Half Is Rap And The Other Half Is Pop/Dance/Rap  I Think That Will Bring Her A Bigger Overall Fanbase Because Some People Love Her Rap And Some People Love Her Pop Music. The Best Songs Are:Roman HolidayCome On A ConeI Am Your LeaderBeez In The TrapStarshipsPound The AlarmWhip ItAutomaticYoung ForeverMarilyn MonroeVa Va VoomMasqueradeThe Middle/Pretty Good Songs Are:Roman RelodedChampionRight By My SideBeautiful SinnerSex In The LoungeGun ShotTurn Me OnStupid HoeThe Worst Songs AreHOV Lane  And Fire Burns But Overall The WORST Song Is HOV LANE! WORST SONG ON THE ALBUM!I Dont Really Understand Why This Album Is Getting Panned By Critics And Fans Because In My Opinion I Consider It A Very Beautiful Work Of Art.  This Shows Nicki's Real Talent...In My Opinion So Far The Best Album Of The Year (Tied With Teenage Dream The Compelete Confection)Amazing Job Nicki! Cant Wait 4 UR Next Album!",8,15,"Apr  4, 2012"
6,"miss the old Nicki, the album sound is like a J.Lo rapper, Red One needs to create new sounds because this  is so commercial, btw. track  10 to 14 is like a mega mix. but this album got some good tracks too",8,15,"Apr  3, 2012"
7,"RR has its moments, but it's too chaotic. If Nicki wants to stick to pop, then she should do so, but she's trying to mix electro-pop tracks with rap, which results in a very confusing album. Apart from that, the album is way too long. In fact, about half the tracks are inferior to the rest, and could have been easily left out. Tracks 1-6, 10-13 and 19-21 : that's how the album should have been.",8,15,"Apr  3, 2012"
9,"This album is pretty good. Not as cohesive as Pink Friday but she let her imagination run wild and try new things. The first half is strictly Rap and the second half is pop. Both are pretty good. This is a album you play with your friends in the car as you go out for the night to have a good ass time! Overall she succeded in what she wanted to accomplish. Keep it coming Nicki. Ps-I was going to rate it 8/10 but People are under rating the album by alot and not giving it a chance so Im giving it 9/10",9,17,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"I'm in love some of you might disagree but Nicki is very smart and knows what she is doing , she might not be full rap here but you have to understand that after Super Bass got big she got more fans mainly pop ones and have to cater to there needs also so let her do her and lead her career in the right direction stop being one track minded and start accepting people for their versatility !",9,17,"Apr  3, 2012"
2,"Nicki Minaj lost her vision. She completely went off the rails. While her debut was a mediocre album in all, it successfully blended pop with hip-hop in a very fresh way. She presented some large characters within Pink Friday and understood their personalities and their place within a mainstream album. On Roman Reloaded her characters have taken over. She tried to make a somewhat double album with two different feels but instead of pulling it off like Beyonce did she completely crashed and burn. She tried too grand of a scheme. She pulls off a few songs on the album though, I Am Your Leader was a standout as well as the pop songs Whip It and Pound The Alarm. Nicki shouldve distanced herself from 'Pink Friday' as well as cut about 8 songs from the album. She should have refined herself and came back hard and strong. Instead she came back as messy, which shows on her atrocious album cover.",10,19,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Roman Reloaded is the perfect follow on from Pink Friday. The first half of the album, which is mainly aimed at the hip-hop audience is perfection. Nicki uses the best mix of fresh beats and crazy voices to deliver us an amazing lead into the album. From Starships onwards the album is mostly pop. The pop half contains the biggest club tracks of 2012 so far. They will get you dancing and singing along, a pop-perfection earworm if it ever existed. Even the pop-ballads still stand up on their own as great radio-friendly singles. If you like rap Nicki, you won't be disappointed. If you like pop Nicki, you will be beyond happy with this album. Definitely worth a listen, one of the best albums of 2012 so far.",11,21,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Love the new album!! Nicki really went back to her roots for this one. Roman Holiday, the opening track of the album and also the track that accompanied her highly talked about and artistic Grammy performance, has one of the catchiest choruses I've heard in a long time. The whole album shows how hard Nicki is trying to bring Hip Hop to the mainstream by successfully blending it with many other genres in music. It is evident that Nicki was much more brave and comfortable to take risks on Roman Reloaded than her debut album Pink Friday and it has paid off.",12,23,"Apr  3, 2012"
3,"Is impossible to believe, but after a very good start as the 2010 Pink Friday, Nicki Minaj is able to destroy all his years of work with this album completely outside the context of music. The tracks are definitely saved are Champion and I Am Your Leader, for the remaining 3/4 of the album produced by RedOne is just to speak ill. Surely this album is testimony to the desperate search Minaj success and one of the worst albums of the past 10 years.",11,22,"Apr  3, 2012"
4,"In Pink Friday, Nicki Minaj reached success by doing something Eminem or Taylor Swift did. She introduced rap to pop and pop to rap. The cross-overs seemed really clever, both fans of the genre fell in love with her initially. Wayne fans started to listen Fly while Spears fans shouted the lyrics of Roman's Revenge. However with Pink Friday:Reloaded the sound that Nicki Minaj captured (the rap/pop)  is seen nowhere. It's just a huge pile of different genres without any relations. With the fame and all Minaj eventually got confused and lost herself.",11,22,"Apr  4, 2012"
8,"She did her best and i like her voice,when she is singing/rapping.I don't give a 10 because 'Roman in Moscow' is missingAnd i do not give a 9 because i hate 'Stupid Hoe'....The rest is nearly perfect,like 'Starships' or 'Next to You'.Great record of a great Singer :DI love Nicki",10,20,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"The album is great all together. She made a great comeback from her debut album 'Pink Friday'. This album is the epitome of what other female rap artists should want to look up to. Most people want Nicki to go 100% hip hop or 100% pop and if that is what you're looking for, the look somewhere else because if you have not noticed, Nicki is a diverse artist! Why pin yourself in one corner when you can experience everything? Nicki has TWO fan bases to keep up with... Fans of her hip hop/rap/mixtape roots and the fans of her pop side with songs like Starships. So she released and album that can give you the best of both worlds. It's just the ungrateful people in this world that expect her to do one genre, sorry to inform you but that's not going to happen! SORRY. Get over it. This album is AMAZING and I suggest everyone get it. If you like Nicki's hip hop/rap side, THIS ALBUM IS FOR YOU. If you like Nicki's pop side, THIS ALBUM IS FOR YOU. She is a diverse artist and works so hard for the enjoyment of everybody. If you've been rocking with Nicki since mixtape days, she went back to her roots on some songs on the album, and for the fans who are just tuning in, she has songs such as Starships, Va Va Voom, Pound The Alarm, etc. You will love the album. Absolutely beautiful and amazing.",10,20,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Nicki Minaj is able to keep her old fans happy with rap tracks such as 'Roman Holiday' and 'Champion' but turns pop with tracks like 'Pound The Alarm', 'Starships' and 'Va Va Voom' to satisfy a wider audience. Great album, 10/10 !!",9,18,"Apr  3, 2012"
2,"3 words to describe the album: uninspired, messy, mainstream. All the tracks sound the same filled with boring hip hop, annoying poppin' and generic mid-tempo tracks. This album doesn't sound like her good first effort at all. This is only because she (or rather her team) chose the biggest hit-makers producers RedOne and Dr. Luke to produce half of the album. Thanks to them, this record will be a commercial success for sure but it is a whole mess.",8,16,"Apr  3, 2012"
0,"What ever happened to the Nicki minaj that wanted to be a better rapper than Jay-Z? thats not gonna happen (never will) if she keeps making 5 year old bubble gum pop garbage. Worst album in the last 5 years",7,14,"Apr  3, 2012"
5,"First of all, don't get me wrong. I like Nicki, she's great but this album can't even be compared to Pink Friday. Too many generic songs with lots of autotuned and overproduced. It's like if she were trying to mix Hip-Hop and Pop but the result is not good at all. Just a few songs on this album live up to the expectations everyone had about this album...",5,10,"Apr  3, 2012"
9,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded starts off with heavy hip-hop beats and seemingly endless collaborations. Then finishes with danceable music that you can't help but sing along with. The album may not be perfectly structured as some releases, but it does not make this album ANY less fun than anything out there.",5,10,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Nicki Minaj in Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded shows her huge improvement, especially vocally.She escapes from her little hip-hop/rap box and she tries to experiment with pop music, in which I personally think that she succeeded. 'Starships' is her best song so far, and accompanied by 'Pound the alarm', 'Whip It', 'Va Va Voom' and 'Automatic', I think it will rocket her popularity.It is very clear that in Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Nicki Minaj tries to impress and satisfy both her fans that know her from 'Super Bass' and 'Turn Me On' and her older fans that admire her hip-hop/rap abilities. Therefore, it isn't unreasonable that her album is expected to reach #1 in its first week.",5,10,"Apr  6, 2012"
10,"Pink Friday Roman Reloaded is a really great album. It's diverse and shows that Nicki Minaj isn't just a rapper & is talented in other fields. Love the album.",4,8,"Apr  6, 2012"
7,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded was one of the albums I couldn't wait to hear, and I can say that, she did a good job. I really enjoy it and it doesn't bore me.. Highlights are Roman Holiday, the song when crazy mean Roman Zolanski come back to says what's on his mind, Sex in the Lounge, one and only sexy song by Nicki, Whip It - great club banger with good production and Gun Shot.. great RnB/Reggae collaboration with Beenie Man, I can feel something that makes me feel so good, like it's pretty summer day... and i'm laying on beach and you know what i mean... However, there's one not so good thing about the album and that's Nicki's mixing several different music genres and I think it is the main problem...the album doesn't sound so good as a whole and you don't know what to think about Nicki.. she should choose main style and focus on it. Sorry for my grammar mistakes btw, English is not my first language :)",3,6,"Apr  5, 2012"
3,"I didn't like Pink Friday, but it was a good consistent album.  I may not have personally enjoyed it but it was a strong debut and was deservedly recognized as such.  Roman Reloaded is just a mess.  The first half (the rap parts) are actually quite strong and Come on a Cone is one of the best tracks I've heard so far all year but after that 7th song BAM! Sudden transition into the poppiest of pop music.  And it goes on for 12 straight tracks before ending with one of the worst songs of the year, Stupid Hoe.  Tonally, the album is inconsistent, never knowing whether to go for all out pop or all out rap and not being skillful enough to mix the two in the same way that Super Bass or Moment 4 Life did on the last album.  The album has something for everyone to hate: old school fans will hate the ocean of pop tracks that populate some 2/3 of the CD, new pop fans will be turned off by the early hardcore tracks.  Nicki struggles between maintaining her artistic credibility with her early rap and trying to be as commercially successful as possible with a lot of pop sellouts and the cracks are showing as her themes split in two very different directions.  Some of the tracks are good so buy the singles if you like them, but as an album, it's not anywhere near what it should be.",3,6,"Apr  4, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing!!! I really love it,cause hip-pop,pop-dance and RNB are mixed fantastic.It contains lots of hit singles!!!Maybe there are some people think this album",3,6,"Apr 12, 2012"
4,"Man. Nicki Minaj should've used her mixtape persona on this album. i don't like the way how she combines pop and hip-hop. It's alright when she's rapping, but mostly it's a poppy rap blur.  if she keeps going like this, im not listnening to her music anymore. her next effort must be hardcore rap. But i don't mind those few pop songs though. but she can do better.",2,4,"Apr  6, 2012"
7,"Nicki's sophomore album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded showcases two sides of her personality. Throughout the first half of the album, Nicki demonstrates her rap persona with her male alter-ego Roman Zolanski. Roman Holiday, one of her most notable tracks due to her controversial performance at the Grammy Awards features Roman and his Mother, Martha. Later Nicki sinister rap unfolds in the following tracks 'Come On A Cone, I Am Your Leader, Beez In The Trap and HOV Lane'. However Nicki's rapping style is very similar on all four songs. 'Roman Reloaded' is a more traditional rap featuring Lil Wayne. Nicki has many guest artists on this particular track 'Champion' with Nas, Drake and Young Jeezy. 'Right By My Side' Roman Reloaded's single includes Nicki not only rapping but singing along with her guest artist Chris Brown.  Finally 'Sex In The Lounge', on this particular song we can only really hear Nicki  on the first verse. The rest of Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded shows Nicki appeal as pop artist. The first single of the album 'Starships' is a somewhat feel good summer song where Nicki proclaims 'Lets go to the Beach-each, lets go get away', Starships has peaked to number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100. 'Pound the Alarm' is alarmingly similar to 'Starships'. Nicki's song 'Whip it' sounds more like a track Rihanna would perform. Here we can see Britney Spears' big influence on Nicki in the next track 'Automatic' which is sounds a lot like something that would come of Britney's album Femme Fatale, most notably the song 'Till the World Ends' and 'I Wanna Go'. 'Beautiful Sinner', a track with the same range of vocals performed by Nicki. One of Nicki's inspirations is included in the next track 'Marilyn Monroe', here Nicki sings on how she portrays Monroe life would have been. 'Young Forever', a song in my opinion which comes out of a contemporary love film. In this track the chorus resembles Nicki's 'Moment for Life', this song is 'Fire Burns'. Next we have 'Gun Shot' featuring Beenie Man. And finally we end with Nicki's very controversial song 'Stupid Hoe', which is a happycore/Electro hop song with a very strange video to compliment it. Overall Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is a somewhat good album, personally Nicki showcases more talent as a hip-hop and pop artist than a pure rapper. Sophomore albums are always hard to make, if their debut album has acquired some success, which Pink Friday has received. Finally this album might split up Nicki's fan base, with her hip-hop/rap songs, and her pop songs. Album highlights include Roman Reloaded, Starships, Right By My Side, Young Forever and Automatic.",2,4,"Apr 12, 2012"
0,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is a complete mess.From the awful sound of 'Roman Holiday' 'Stupid Hoe' (the worst song on the album) & 'I Am Your Leader' to the better sound of 'Marilyn Monroe' (the only good song on the album), Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded pretty much sums up the awfulness of Nicki's music.",2,4,"May  4, 2012"
0,"Terrible. This album is a hot mess. The album is half rap, half pop. A failed experiment. The rap tracks were lazy and filled with cartoon voices and lots of features. The pop tracks, where Nicki sold out completely, are also lazy. They sound like throw-away songs from Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, Ke$ha, Jennifer Lopez, and Britney Spears and all have that crappy techno-dance sound. Then the album ends with Stupid Hoe, which is one of the worst rap songs ever witten, even worse than anything written by her YMCMB partners, MMG, 2 Chainz, Soulja Boy, and Waka Flocka Flame. One of the worst albums ever. -10/10",2,4,"Nov  3, 2012"
0,"Unoriginal, mainstream, not worthy for real hip-hop fans. This album has destroyed her career as female rapper, and that's probably her last one. Period.",2,4,"Jul 15, 2013"
0,"Bubblegum, pop, dumb, non-sense, TERRIBLE lyrics, annoying voice, too much autotune, very very pop. I don't know why this is even classified as a hip-hop album. Between tracks 10-22 there's only bubblegum pop-dance club hits. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.",2,4,"Sep 29, 2013"
5,"If every music album were a delicious home-cooked meal, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded would be a big pan of warm macaroni and cheese... ....because it's a hot, cheesy mess. This album is absolutely average. It was a HUGE step DOWN from Pink Friday. This album is 20,000 leagues below her mixtapes. She rails at Lil' Kim, calling her a 'stupid hoe'. Nicki, this was a stupid album. Her auto-tuned singing is irritating to my ears, the instrumentals almost sound exactly the same and the lyrics are utterly uninspired. This album was supposed to be Roman Zolanski's coming out party. To be honest, I want Roman dead. When I say I want him dead, I mean I want him hung up, shot down and drug out. I think they should make a second attempt at exorcising him from Onika's body and they BETTER get it right this time. I did not pan D0WNe nearly all of her Pop songs because they are Pop and I expect Nicki, being a rapper, to rap. I don't even consider her a sell-out. It's just her Rap songs are pretty good whereas her Pop songs suck monkey balls. She needs to stop singing. She needs to get far away from Guetta and ReDone. Pop isn't working for her. I have four more words for Ms. Onika Tanya Maraj: GET BACK TO RAP.",1,2,"Apr  8, 2012"
4,"Minaj has more personalities than her 'alter egos' Roman, Barbie, Martha, etc. Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded certainly has its theatrical and more stellar moments; opener 'Roman Holiday' introduces Minaj's flamboyant 'demon' known as Roman Zolanski through a whacky happy-core rap whilst following tracks 'Come On a Cone', 'I Am Your Leader', and 'Beez In the Trap' are their own wonderlands when it comes to production and lyrical content). However, its second half turns into an all-out generic radio pleaser, beginning with 'Starships', the RedOne produced lead single that's catchy and radio-friendly, but is obviously made for commerce and bottles up Minaj's talent. Its dance-pop tracks aren't necessarily 'bad', just formulaic and could be sang by any pop diva in this business. Roman Reloaded fails to deliver the clever lyrical content and production its predecessor, Pink Friday, sold millions for. Minaj is one of rap music's most unique rappers, whether you hate her or not, and maybe we'll see her reveal that side of her (the true side) in the near or distant future.",1,2,"Oct 18, 2012"
6,"Probably a little better than her first album but it still holds a good half of songs that you can skip, so luckily with more than 20 songs there are at least another half worth listening to.",1,2,"Jan 28, 2013"
2,"Va va voom earned this song a 1 and pound the alarm got it another bar. If those songs were any worse, it would have gotten no rating. The songs are kinda disturbing quite honestly. It's almost like she's trying to make terrible music. Stupid Hoe DESTROYS THE ALBUM. I would have given it a mixed review if it wasn't for that song but Stupid Hoe is, honestly, one of the worst songs in existence. It's annoying and would be laughably bad but there's just so much to despise that you don't laugh.",1,2,"Dec 30, 2013"
0,"She's a weak, terrible rapper, the worst female rapper to ever join the female rap movement. Even with the fact that her next album is gonna flop and she's gonna disappear forever, what Nicki Minaj did to the female rap movement is totally terrible and very scary.",1,2,"Jan  3, 2014"
0,"Horrvel igual a ela e tudo que produz. No tem originalidade, usa muita base, parece uma louca, isso  o que? Album infantil? TPP Pisa nisso!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Are critics really going to punish her for appealing to her old mixtape + Pink Friday fans? This is pretty sad that the reviews being read are completely biased + it's inaccurate that they say she has no talent(listen to her mixtapes), but last time I checked, versatility wasn't a bad thing. I'm not saying it should be critically acclaimed, but PF:RR is 100x better than it's predecessor.  At least in this album, a rap verse is included in almost every track, unlike in Pink Friday. Judging, the first half reigns supreme to the latter, but both halves have really good + interesting songs.  The rap half has HOV Lane, I am Your Leader, Champion(the best song on the album) and Beez in the Trap. The Pop half has PTA, Whip It, MM and Young Forever are their highlights + let us not forget the future chart topper Va Va Voom! The rap tracks are good + the pop/dance tracks are refreshing and fun. If this album shows anything, it's that Nicki can dominate the rap + pop scene. Album well worth the same score as Pink Friday, minimum.",11,23,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded shows that you can't box Nicki in. No matter what anyone says or criticizes, it just shows that she got you gurls hot && bothered. Number 1 debut on iTunes? Starships still in the Top 10? Right By My Side's fast rising? She's winning tho",9,19,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"This album is the very definition of Nicki Minaj as an artist. She wasn't afraid to experiment to show off her versatility by mixing multiple genres into one amazing album. The first half consists of the hard hip hop Minaj is known for and showcases her true ability as a rapper and lyricist easily surpassing any female rapper but also rivaling many of the male rappers of our generation. Then we have five dance tracks not so different than Super Bass and then we finish with a few love ballads and my personal favorite Gun Shot featuring Dancehell king Beenie Man. This album is a great blend of Hip Hop, Dance, RnB and Pop.",13,28,"Apr  3, 2012"
8,"A bit disappointed that we are not getting hardcore Nicki... Her featured verses>>> However, PF:RR is a great hip-pop album. But that's just what it is. There's nothing memorable about it. Looking back on Nicki's career this album won't be referenced. Next album, more rap.",6,13,"Apr  3, 2012"
3,"Nicki Minaj? What happened? She's a great hip-hop artist, but this album doesn't show that and it sucks!! I know she can do better than this. Why is she changing to pop? I'm a fan of hers, but I don't want her to change to pop. This album seemed rushed and lazy. She's not hungry like she was on the ordinal Pink Friday album. It's sad to say, but this will probably be the worst album of the year. On the positive side, she will gain more fans from the transition to pop music.",5,11,"Apr  3, 2012"
8,"Fun and catchy! The album is what it is and that isn't very hard to guess when looking at the cover art. When Nicki was talking about the album she described it as fun and more laid back; that's exactly what it is. Nothing groundbreaking or really iconic, but overall it's fun to listen to, the songs are catchy and it gets you going, I would recommend it for parties or for working out to, well, the more upbeat tracks. Speaking of the upbeat tracks, in my opinion, they are all 5 stars, especially Pound The Alarm and Roman Holiday. When it comes to the more slower tracks, Champion really shines and the fact that the song has a very personal meaning to Nicki (her cousin's murder), it really shows the emotion in the song. Sex in the Lounge I would say is my least favourite song, I just can't seem to enjoy it and find myself skipping it anytime it comes on, whereas I could listen to Roman Holiday or Pound The Alarm on repeat. Overall, like I said, the album is fun and would be enjoyed by any pop-rap lover or any Nicki fan.",5,11,"Apr  3, 2012"
3,"This is simply...... horrible. Minaj was a bad rapper and now, with this album, she becomes also a bad popstar. The rap songs are bad ( Stupid Hoe is disgusting ) and the house songs are worse ( if is possible ).  'Pink Friday' was bad, for me, but she had a style in that period, she was a female rapper very particular, but now she copies popstars like Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Katy Perry ( that are 100 times better than her ).  ( sorry for my English )",4,9,"Apr  5, 2012"
0,"Unoriginal, desperate, mediocre. These are the words that best describe this 'record'. The album has two very different sounds, but in both Nicki sounds terrible.",11,25,"Apr  3, 2012"
5,"Although I'm a big Nicki Minaj fan and her platinum-selling album 'Pink Friday,' but I'm a little disappointed at 'Roman Reloaded.' 'Starships' was a bangin' club anthem of 2012 as we getting near the summer. I don't know if it's a sequel to 'Pink Friday' or a deluxe version, but I don't think her so-called Barbs (Barbie wannabes) wouldn't mind if her album is less energy and more rhyming. Just ask previous collaborations including Drake, Lil' Wayne, and  other hip-hop/R&B artists. 'Roman Reloaded' feels like a mixture of a bubblegum Britney Spears flashback to a Lady Gaga-like short version of 'Born This Way.' I hope Nicki could do better for another album next time, but now it's not the time to live the hype. 'Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded' is good, but comes up short in my wish list. Probably one of the most disappointed album of the year.",5,12,"Apr  4, 2012"
2,"Very poor effort, worse than her debut.  A bad mix of generic Southern hip hop tracks and even more generic pop tunes, Nicki has taken a step back this time around.  The only quality song, and what saves it from receiving a 1, is 'Champion', but that's moreso for the impressive T-Minus production and guest verses from Drake, Nas and Young Jeezy.  Elsewhere, everything sounds too similar and doesn't exactly revolutionize the game, if you know what I mean.  Works well with the simple minded music fan, but not for this reviewer.",5,12,"Apr  3, 2012"
0,"This is the worst album of 2012. This isn't hip hop, it's pop music, a desperate attempt to put Minaj with the Gagas and the Rihannas in the industry. But at least Gaga and Rihanna make good pop music - this is lifeless, generic, and annoying.",11,27,"Apr 13, 2012"
9,"I really don't get why everyone is hating on this album. I've given it a few listens on Youtube and the songs are actually really good and really catchy. Starships, which is already on the radio is probably one of the worst on the entire album and even that song is pretty good. Va Va Voom, Whip it and Pound the Alarm have become some of my favorite Nicki Minaj songs now. Roman Reloaded is even better than Pink Friday and has surpassed it in every way so go give it a try !",2,5,"Apr  6, 2012"
9,"The best versatile Female album ever. That's good and bad, some people are attracted to the 1st 8 total rap songs or the last 8 pop songs. Some people, only like one genre, which is fine and Nicki is trying to please everyone on this album, which if you like both rap and pop, this album is a masterpiece. Each of her songs pleases someone.This album is a blast to listen to if your an any mood. If you don't like Pop, only buy the rap songs easy as pie, wise guy!",2,5,"Apr  4, 2012"
0,"",2,5,"Apr  9, 2012"
1,"I wouldn't recommend this album to ANYONE.As a fan of both pop and hip hop music, I found both halves of the album HORRIFYING. The last song of the standard version pretty much sums up the whole album.",2,5,"Apr  5, 2012"
7,"One of the most awaited albums of 2012 has been released, and opinions have been divided already over the way Minaj presents the album with half hip hop/rap and the other halp full on pop. In my opinion, this probaly was the correct approach Minaj should take, she undoubtedly satisfies all her devoted fans from those mixtape days, but also invites in a wider range of fans to create maybe one of the best selling albums of the year, but not the best.The album opens with the infamous Roman Holiday, which is a catchy yet completely crazy track, which f this is your first listen will completely suprise you. Then we really enter the first half of the album with Minaj's hip hop section. Here Minaj is at her best with ntelligent lyrics, that to be fair barely have a tune, but, that does not matter, for Minaj hold her weight with her many voices rapping at seriously some of her best yet. Real highlights are I Am Your Leader (feat. Rick Ross, and Cam'ron), Beez in the Trap (feat.2Chainz), and Roman Reloaded (feat. Lil Wayne.) All three may not have catchy beats, but the chorus of each will stay in your head for a while. Roman Reloaded is easily the one of the three that people dont even like hip hop will be listening too, while I Am Your Leader and Beez in the Trap are not exactly made to invite and audience they are simply superb in the way Minaj's lyrics flow and always rhyme in smart and memorable lyrics. Especially on Beez in the Trap Minaj does not need the support of 2Chainz for she can simply keep going like a steam roller constantly rolling out new lyrics we would not expect.If the album had stayed at this sort of pace and this genre of Hip Hop, the album could easily be one of the best of the year, and rap wise up there in the greats with Kanye West or Lil Wayne's ' Tha Carter III', but then the album changes and veers of into a different type of genre. The Chris Brown accompanied Right by my Side seems to be randomly fitted in between and is barely a highlight with Minaj sounding like a Jordin Sparks wannabe, and Brown is OK, but no where near as good as some of the features on the album. Sex in the Lounge then invades our ear drums, and awful track that is extremly dissapointing to see on the album with it making barely any sense, and seems pointless and really drags. The album then reaches this second genre of Pop and opens with Starships, the platinum selling single, which is a good opener with an uplifiting mood and an extremly catchy tune, this will make fans of Superbass very happy, and in no way is it a bad song for we do hear Minaj rap and a bit of auto tuned singing. But, then the albums standards begin to drop as Minaj's tracks start turning to dance pop with catchy lyrics, but no way smart or talented lyrics like her first 8 tracks. There are 4 of these pop/dance tracks and only two really stand out as a good song, and a dance track. These are Starships, as mentioned, and Whip It, Whip It is definitely one of, or maybe the, best tracks on the second half. Minaj goes back to smart and catchy lyrics yet using a tune that will deifnitely make you want to dance. One of the lesser of thefour pop/dance tracks is Automatic, which lyrics seem rushed and tune is barely a toe tapper. The album then begins to slow down until it almost reaches a halt. Beautiful Sinner is the first and is still a pop song but just a bit slower and seems a bit confused of whether it is dance or a pop ballad. The next two Marilyn Monroe and Young Forever, are 100% pop ballads, and are catchy but no way a stand out in the worl of pop ballad with Young Forever sounding like Minaj doing a cover of a Rihanna song. Fire Burns is the next track, another pop ballad but even slpwer than the other two,and is an OK track, but, then the penultimate track Gun Shot (feat.Beenie Man) plays, a real good track by Minaj and the best of the second half before Whip It, a slow catchy tune that has Minaj actually rap in a pop somg like she does in the tracks Roman Reloaded. The song really sounds like one of the closing songs, its a slow tune but yo will enjoy it, with Minaj showing some of her best work on the album.  Finally the  album closes with the infamous Stupid Hoe with the many dislike on YouTube, but,this is a perfect close to the album we open with Minajs alter ego Roman and close with him with this sng literally sounding like Minaj chaneling her angers in life in one 4 minute song. It is, and ill say it, a really good song, her rapping is superb, lyrics may not be the bst but they are memorable.If Minaj had released this album as just Pop it probaly would have by no means been one of the best albums ever. But put it with the first half of the album, and it works for both fan bases get satisfaction with the album, with the pop half having real dance number and some good pop ballads, and the Hip Hop half, shows some of Minaj's best work apwith some nearly scraping Kanye West and Minaj's Monster brilliance.",2,5,"Apr  7, 2012"
0,"Disgusting. How can people compare her to Missy Elliot or Lil Kim?? Are You Crazy?? This album is **** she's not a rapper!!!!! Great Songs: - Very Good Songs: - Good Songs: - Quite Good Songs: - Bad Songs: - Horrible Songs: All The tracks",2,5,"Apr  8, 2012"
0,"She's back and this time she has even worst songs. She could be an executioner just by singing to people. How she ever became an artist (along with Drake and Lil Wayne) the world will never know.",2,5,"Nov 11, 2012"
0,"Katy Perry,Lady Gaga,J.Lo,Selena Gomez,Ke$ha mixtape. Walt Disney Records @2012 All Rights Reserved
_____________________________________________________________________________",7,18,"Apr  3, 2012"
1,"Absolute rubish, the dance tracks are so generic they are interchangeable among each other, and despite the rap tracks being slightly better, she falls hard with her gimmiks. Pass.",7,18,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Great album! She really managed to knock out hip hop tracks that were fire, along with pop tracks that were just as amazing. As a hip hop fan, I love the rap side, but Nicki has managed to get me dancing to songs like Pound The Alarm and Whip It. She really did a great job with this album and deserves success with it.",2,6,"Apr  6, 2012"
6,"Quite an interesting album ina waay. Around about the first haflf of the album is dedicated to minimalistic rap beats with lyrics to both match and boot. Unfortunately the second haly falls into little more than generic pop music which plays safe if nothing else. One just wishes nicki would have the guts to embelish he r creative side much more. A 6.5 for me, however mc  willl not let one gvve decimal ratings",1,3,"Jun  5, 2012"
10,"Loved it! Their is a lot off songs on the album which carter to a lot off fans. Also their are a lot off songs on here that could become hits like champion feat drake,jezzy and nas and beez in the trap. I do have a couple off complaints for this album is the song come on a cone which I was not a fan off and their was no song like roman's revenge but Nicki made up for it with Nas being on the album and a lot off songs being on their to.",1,3,"Apr 11, 2012"
10,"Best album of the year! It has rap, hip-hop, pop, electronic, ballads, all in one great album!  Truly fantastic! Congratulations for Nicki! Getting better and better within each album!",1,3,"Apr  8, 2012"
10,"Nicki Minaj nicknamed The Queen of Hip-Hop, has released the second version of Pink Friday, that of his alter-ego Roman Zolanski. Despite the themes remain the same (to party, drink alcohol, have sex and still partying .....) Nicki Minaj has become more mature in her voice and song-writing level. This is not the weird little girl who sang Boom Boom Boom Badoom Badoom Super Bass but the great Queen of Hip-Hop. Although the world will tell you that this does not mean the Queen but ask them who is the Queen of Hip-Hop! Just to finish my Top 3 of my favorite songs on the album1 - Roman Holiday2 - Starships3 - Stupid Hoe",1,3,"Apr  9, 2012"
10,"This album is completely honest & fun. I love every single track. Wow. I love how she blended hard lyrics on insane beats. Thanks to HitBoy. I'm completely blown away. I never thought Nicki would go this hard. She amazes me every time. I wonder how her next project will sound. You guys just hate the fact that she is boasting about her success. Besides, she's her own competition.",1,3,"Apr 10, 2012"
7,"Quick question, though... Where is Roman? It seems like we've once again been stood up with false promise of a harder Nicki Minaj, but it seems the album was transformed into something more commercially acceptable. Rumor has it the label had some issues with the turn out and asked Nicki to hit the studio again to give more radio hits. That's just a rumor.Truth or not, it does make sense.Gossip aside, Nicki Minaj just served up some of the best pop tracks of 2012, so far. She pretty much hit the nail on the head with the entire pop side of the album. Each of the pop tracks is a ecstasy riddled, pelvic thrusting night at a dance bar with strobe lights blinking so bright you can see them when you close your eyes. 'Starships' was the first fully treated single from the album. This song proves that Nicki isn't going to just settle for snatching the gold encrusted crown worn by rap's queen. She wants to be a pop princess as well. Billboard is backing her up, as Starships has served as a stronger radio song than the most recent songs from Rihanna, Britney & Gaga. To be honest, the song is pretty generic up until we get past the chorus. Then the beat drops like a ton of bricks and we're instantly drowned in a flood of  bass thudding dubstep and a chanting chorus of  vocoder 'Oohs.' In the club, you can't help but hop around like a foolish child and in the car you'll get so lost in the electric beat that you'll look up to see the people in the car besides you pointing and laughing. Easily the best choice on the album to make pop fans aware that Nicki is tackling more than just the urban charts.'Pound the Alarm' was the fan-favorite snippet when NickiDaily.com posted them. It follows the same formula as 'Starships' but has an even more hardcore club feel. It's like Nicki's answer to Rihanna's 'Where Have You Been.' Ironically, those are both my favorite tracks on each of their albums. The only difference is that Nicki actually has verses instead of just a chorus and a bridge. I dare you to try and not dance to this tune. You have to be a bitter old **** to not fall in love with this track.'Whip It' is a lot more toned down than the first two pop tracks on the album. It still plays heavily on the top 40's current most popular sound, but it is accompanied by catch, imitate-able lyrics that drops into a sexy drum section during the verses. The hard-cracking bullwhip that accompanies the transitions each part of the song is the cherry on top and of course the way that the song ends is flawless. It's really how every song should end.Jumping down a few tracks to 'Va Va Voom,' I think she made a mistake not adding it right after 'Beautiful Sinner.' It's help keep the tempo of the album before dipping a bit in 'Marilyn Monroe.' Nicki keeps her vocals smooth which meshes really well with Dr. Luke's beat... and can we have a round of applause for Dr. Luke, who finally did something different than what he pretty much handed to ever artist he's work with since 2010.On to the rap side of the album...'Roman Holiday' was one of the main reasons I pre-ordered the album. I absolutely loved the Grammy performance and have been listening to the audio since the day it aired. That said, the delivery is completely different and a bit disappointed. She hit that point were she was a little too animated and corny. Still, it's a good track and serves as a great introduction, not only to the album, but to the world of Roman Zolanski.I think she found a better balance during 'I Am Your Leader.' My one beef with this song is that it sounds too much like Lil Wayne wrote it. She's just rapping anything that rhymes. She's a good storyteller. She shouldn't be shelling out any clich that comes to mind. Rick Ross picks up  the lyrical slack. He's really been stepping up in the rap world. Why Cam'ron though? Is he making a comeback?'Beez In The Trap' is an absolutely trashy mess... so why do I live for it? I caught myself in the shower rapping this whole song to me shampoo and conditioner bottles like they were battling me. The beat just really goes extra hard. I just wish it wasn't 2Chainz. Saw them in concert at a club a few weekends ago and it was a horrid, **** mess.In the end, Nicki did a great job of topping the original Pink Friday album. I think she did a lovely job of fully crossing over. It's going to create a nice, explosive year for her. With the right promotion, she can probably land her first #1 on the Hot 100 and maybe even get her hands on one of those shiny Grammys. She just has to pray that Beyonc can't find a babysitter for Baby Blue long enough to hit the studio, though we know that's not happening.I'll give this album a 7/10. I'd like to see Nicki focus more on her lyrical growth rather than just making songs that will be hits. I know it's kind of give and take, but you have to find the balance. Just ask Jay-Z.",1,3,"May  3, 2012"
5,"Everyone who bought Pink Friday a year and a half ago and listened to Dear Old Nicki can tell the problem with Roman Reloaded. Nicki Minaj is not far enough in her career to be able to achieve such an ambitious project that is Roman Reloaded. The artist is clearly trying to solve her identity problem by choosing both options; a rapper and a pop star. As a Nicki Minaj enthusiast, I would have been very happy of the choice she made... if she was able to keep up. The project was maybe too ambitious project for Nicki Minaj. Roman Reloaded is divided in two part: Roman Zolanski and the pop star. When she tries to be Roman, the pop star is still there trying to please everyone and restraining the real beast she hides inside. When she is the pop star, her Roman part makes her loose her credibility. It is very hard to believe that Nicki Minaj can be SOOOO in love (Right By My SIde) when six tracks earlier, she was putting her 'dick in your face' (Come On A Cone). Of course, the pop star will sell a lot, since not everyone will listen to the whole album and try to figure out who she is (and Nicki really is something). Now Nicki Minaj is clearly in a dilemma; her core fan base (Roman Zolanski) or the public (pop star). She wants to have both ways, but it does not seem to work out very well at this point of her career. Keep on working hard Nicki, one day, you'll be the two person you want to be (and there is nothing wrong with that)!",2,7,"Apr  4, 2012"
7,"PF:RR represents Nicki growing as an multifaceted artist. The dance tracks are well produced, but still lack some personality. The first half, fortunately, is full of her mixtape persona: **** lyrics, hot beats and a self-confidence that convinces. A better album than his predecessor it's not, but the mood is interesting and the highlights are really impressive.Listen to: Come On A Cone, I Am Your Leader, Beez In The Trap, Champion, Pound The Alarm, Whip It and Va Va Voom.Don't hesitate skipping: Sex In The Lounge, Right By My Side, Automatic and Marilyn Monroe.",1,4,"Apr  9, 2012"
8,"Nicki Minaj is probably one of the more talented pop artist in recent years. Is she a good rapper? Yup. Is she a good singer? Yup as well!  Hip hop purist would cringe at her mixing of styles, but they're radio friendly. She is a more 'hardcore' version of Rihanna but more or less, a pop princess.",0,3,"Apr 22, 2012"
7,"This album is a little like reading Dickens; it's not bad, just overcrowded. There was no reason why Nicki had to cram each of these songs onto this album. It's colossal. The problem is, there is so much fat that could have been cut out, much like a Dickens novel. 'Sex In the Lounge,' 'Automatic,' 'Beautiful Sinner,' 'Young Forever,' and 'Fire Burns' really aren't needed. If you left the rest, you're left with a great album that crosses genre boundaries easily. She's doing her thing, though, and that demands a lot of respect.",0,1,"Jul 25, 2012"
7,"I'm not the fan of rap and I thought that I will not really enjoy this album, but I did. Half of the songs on the album just make you want to stand up and dance. It's really great to listen singing and rapping in the same song. No matter if like rap or not, I would like this.",0,1,"Jun 26, 2012"
10,"One Of The Best Albums Of 2012! Roman Returns! Every Song Off Roman Reloaded Is Amazing! One Of The Mot Underated Album Of The Year!",0,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
9,"Amazing lyrics and jaw-dropping songs show Nicki Minaj is 'where the top begins.' Stand out tracks like 'Starships,' 'Pound the Alarm,' 'Whip It,' and 'Marilyn Monroe' 'touch the sky' (as quoted from 'Starships') Minaj turned toward a more musical tone in her sophomore album which unfortunately does not show as much talent, as most tracks are drowned in autotune",0,3,"Mar 27, 2013"
9,"I enjoyed 'Roman Reloaded'. Half off the album are pop songs, the other half rap songs. This is Nicki's best album. Best songs are 'Come On A Cone' and 'Roman Holiday'.",0,2,"Aug 16, 2013"
6,"Nicki had a great run with Pink Friday, what with Moment 4 Life, Super Bass, and Right Thru Me, and this album wasn't anything to sneeze at either. I love 'Starships,' and strangely, I liked 'Stupid Hoe' but this isn't something she should totally be proud of. I mean, this one seems a bit rushed, and half the songs stunk. Right By My Side seemed a bit sloopy, along with her single 'Beez In the Trap.' Overall, I give the CD an unimpressive 6.25/10, it just wasn't the feel her last album had, which was a let down.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2012"
10,"This Album Was Panned Since The Start..
But In My Opinion This Is Better Than Pink Friday This Album Shows That Nicki Can Rap And Sing!
Amazing Variety Of Songs!
One Of The Best Albums Of 2012!",0,0,"May 28, 2012"
7,"Com alguns anos de blog nas costas, j posso me orgulhar de ver carreiras nascerem e depois prosperar ou morrer. Uma delas que o blog acompanha desde o comecinho  o da Nicki Minaj bem antes dela estourar e virar um dos nomes ou o nome mais importante da nova gerao de artistas americanos. J tinha reparado no talento dessa rapper muito antes dela virar mainstream. Posso me orgulhar de no ter sido 'arrebatado' no apenas por que ela est no topo, mas por ter reconhecido uma artista competente atrs da persona que ela foi criando para si. Com o lanamento do primeiro lbum dela, Pink Friday, ela foi promovida 'a coisa mais quente do pedao' e vi ela se tornando multifacetada misturando hip hop com pop em um lbum 'com resultado abaixo do esperado, mas bem alm da mdia'  parafraseando eu mesmo no Primeira Impresso do lbum. Um ano e quase meio depois, Nicki consolidou sua carreira e vai lanar seu segundo lbum continuao de PF que foi intitulado Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. E como resultado posso dizer que o trabalho ficou com resultado acima do esperado, mas na mdia de outros trabalhos.
Explicando: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded  bem melhor no resultado final que seu antecessor, mas fica na mdia se compararmos com outros trabalhos do estilo. Acontece que, apesar de colocar sua marca bem distinta com rapper/cantora de mltiplas personalidades, toda a produo fica presa a formulas j usadas tanto do lado hip hop, do R&B e do pop. Aqui, bem mais que no PF, a diviso entre estilos est muito bem definida. Comea com hip hop, passa pelo R&B e termina no pop/dance.  Ento, nada mais justo que dividir cada segmento para avaliar melhor o lbum.
Hip Hop (Das faixa 1 at a 6 e com influncia pesada na 7)
O comeo o lbum mostra Nicki no seu campo original misturando batidas mais marcadas e momentos mais estilizados. Algumas canes parecem pr-fabricadas em sua construo de arranjo. Esse hip hop mais street pode ser encontrado em vrios contemporneos de Nicki. Ela vai de Roman at a Nicki verdadeira com poucos momentos geniais, mas sempre mantendo o nvel alto. O que chama ateno  que a maioria dos featurings se encontram nessa parte fazendo em certos momento ela quase ser eclipsada por alguns pesos pesados. As composies mostram em sua maioria uma Nicki que acerta nas partes mais srias e se diverte nas de conotao mais despreocupada. E daqui que vem a melhor cano do lbum: Champion, com os pesos pesados Nas, Drake e Young Jeezy. Uma batida mais tradicional, mas elevada com a tima letra e o trabalho inspirado de todos os envolvidos. Tambm de destaca Roman Reloaded (resenhada a seguir) e a esquizofrnica Roman Holiday que a verso para o lbum  melhor que podia se esperar depois da apresentao no Grammy.
R&B (Com certa influncia na faixa 7 que  Champion e na 8 e 9)
Falando das duas com maior influncia no estilo que so a 8 e a 9, temos o pior momento do lbum. Seja na 'romntica' Right By My Side com o Chris Brown e na estranha Sex In The Lounge com cara de faixa do lbum do Lil' Wayne que no por acaso ele faz o featuring a lado de Bobby V. Falando dessa ltima, ela simplesmente deixa para escanteio a 'dona' da cano. Completamente dispensvel.
Pop (Da faixa 10 at a verso Deluxe)
A parte mais coesa do lbum mostrando a melhor faceta do trabalho. Comandado principalmente por RedOne, o lado pop do trabalho  um dos melhores pop/dance chiclete do ltimos tempos. Todas as canes so feitas para tocar nas rdios do mundo inteiro, danantes ao extremo, boas composies mesmo sem fugir do arroz com feijo, com interpretaes que apenas Nicki consegue d ao misturar cantar com o rap. Ento, qual o problema? A questo : ser essa faceta um desejo de Nicki ou a gravadora vendo o potencial dela com o estilo a fez ir por esse caminho? Essa dvida e a sensao que as msicas se parecem muito uma com as outras, ainda mais colocadas uma atrs da outra, d uma prejudicada no resultado final. Aqui a melhor faixa sem dvida nenhuma  a tima Beautiful Sinner. Uma mistura de dubstep com dance resgatando as origens de Nicki. A segunecia de Starships, Pound the Alarm e Whip It e acertada. Enquanto Marilyn Monroe  uma balada pop diferente, mas bem legal. Tem a interessante parceria com o rei do dacehall Beenie Man em Gun Shot. O erro aqui est em Fire Burns que no mostra nada e faz o ritmo ca antes do final. O mais curioso  ver Stupid Hoe fechando a verso normal j que apesar da pegada  mais 'violenta' seria a cano que mais chegou perto da mistura hip hop, pop e o 'estilo Nicki' que ela j fez.
Nicki Minaj ainda consegue se destacar e Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded mostra uma artista mais madura, mas ainda falta entregar o 'lbum'. Quem sabe na prxima?",0,0,"Nov  4, 2012"
5,"Two year's later, Minaj let's her alter ego Roman out of the box with 'Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded' her long awaited second release, thanks to her smash hit 'Starships' she hopes that lighting can strike twice for her, and while the second half of her album is great if conventional dance pop heavy, I can't get over how forgettable and boring the first half of this album is, Roman Reloaded is a big disappointment for fans of her first album and will divide up whether you like it or not, and for me I'm in the middle. The first half of this album has some the worst rap songs I've heard in a while, with such bland and boring tunes like 'Come on a Cone' and 'Roman Reloaded' which is unfortunately paired up with Lil Wayne. There is no story to tell and it all just sounds like extras from her last album that she couldn't squeeze in, so she put them in here. The first half is painfully nine songs long (you could've cut out at least three of those songs) that are all rap that's plain vanilla, the only exception from the first half that I liked was the duet with Chris Brown on the song 'Right By My Side' which was surprising heartfelt and honest. The second half was much better if not perfect, starting off with the song 'Starships' and it keeps on going with other standouts like 'Pound the Alarm' and 'Whip it' it all sounds like a different and much better album than from the previous nine songs. But most people will end up hating it due to the fact that all of it is dance pop, well it does work better than just normal rap. The second half has some flaws, some of the songs get a little boring with all the EDM, plus the final song 'Stupid Hoe' could've been cut out. Also this album is very long with nineteen songs some people might not get to the final few songs, which show off Minaj's vocals which are pretty great. Overall I can't recommend Roman Reloaded cause you may enjoy one half but hate the other half, at best I could say that you should just get the singles you like instead of the whole package, you'll thank me later.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
7,"Honestly Jennifer Is Not The Best Singer In Town.. She May Not Have The Best Lyrics But Every Song Is Catchy As Hell! A Really Good Solid Album!",1,1,"Dec 23, 2012"
8,"She is not the best singer but 7 albums are enough for a Best-Of.
She had 4 Nr.1 in the United States and more than 50 Millions of record sales.
Her album is a little bit of everything. Pop,R&B,Dance (newer hits: On the Floor),Hip Hop and Latin (Que hiciste). Sometimes her old and new hits a very different and don;t match with each other",0,0,"Sep  2, 2012"
8,"Jennifer Lopez  did a good work in last year. 'On The Floor' and 'Dance Again' give her a new inspirations, actually a good musics, better than another musics by her. But, just new songs give it her. The old musics isnt good like a new musics.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2012"
9,"A Amazing Album! J Lo You Still Have It!
LETS GET LOUD!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"I like this album because the music contain in this album is my favorite music all the time.The song is very catchy I really like it.Jennifer and Pitbull make great song!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"'Dance Again... The Hits' is a clear reminder of just how many hits Bronx native Jennifer Lopez has had since her music debut in 1999. From latin hits including 'Lets Get loud' and 'Que Hiciste' to urban chart toppers inclusive of the 'Ain't it Funny' and 'I'm Real' remixes, Lopez has dominated many genres in her extensive career and this album highlights this successfully. In fact the vast array of hits that span Lopez's career are too numerous to make the album with 2001s 'Play' and 2002s 'I'm Glad' failing to make the final cut. Similarly, whilst US audiences may be more familiar with the remixed versions of 'Ain't it Funny' and 'I'm Real', the pop originals were bigger hits globally and it would have been nice if they were also included. Regardless, I am not critiquing the album based on what wasn't on it, so it still earns a very favourable review. The title track 'Dance Again' is another catchy dance track, following global smash 'On the Floor' from Lopez and Pitbull which is another welcome song to her extensive collection.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
8,"Great best-off ! Dance Again is a catchy song ! Glad to hear some worldwide smash as Get Right, Love Don't Cost a Thing, or On the Floor ! The best of JLo is here ! A real album to dance all along the night !",0,0,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"EXCELLENT
this album is a flawless masterpiece and glad it isnt overrated. The vibe is so different. Its one of those albums where youur going through a beautiful city on a nice, beautiful night by yourself just exploring different things you never seen before and enjoying life. letting go of your issues",4,4,"Dec 13, 2012"
9,"Very impressive pop album, especially considering only three people made it. The songs are all different from each other, and have a variety of styles. The best songs are Take Her From You, Lightspeed, Dancing Shoes, Shadows and Killer. The only negative thing I would say about the album is that Dev's rapping isn't so great... she's an awesome singer though.
Great debut. 9/10",2,2,"Aug  3, 2012"
10,"This is the most underrated album of the decade. It spans different musical styles (rap, electro, ballad, alternative) with a surprisingly ease. While hit track 'In The Dark' is the queen of club songs, Dancing Shoes become in my opinion the true pearl of the album, where the stylistic fusion is particularly successful. Instrumentals are groomed to perfection and Dev's voice fit them with a unique charm.",2,2,"Feb 10, 2015"
9,"One of the most - if not the most - underrated pop albums of the new millennium. This album is pop perfection, is actually everything what Ke$ha's 'Animal' wanted to be. Still so fresh after 3 years tho.
BEST 5 SONGS:
- DANCING SHOES
- GETAWAY
- BREATHE
- LIGHTSPEED
- PERFECT MATCH
I hope Dev could make it big one day...",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
8,"it quite a good album and very listenable
my score
1. Getaway 7/10
2. in my truck 8/10
3. Me 8/10
4. Breath 7/10
5. Take her from you 7/10
6. Light speed 9/10
7. Dancing shoes 8/10
8. Perfect match 7/10
9. Bass down low 10/10
10. Kiss my lips 8/10
11. In the dark 10/10
12. Shadow 8/10
Overall 80.3",0,0,"Jul  1, 2016"
9,"Absolute cracker of a record! Some of the best songs of her career here. Not your average POP album. An eclectic mix of music genres with a Madonna flavour. Sadly the user average is brought down by 'reviewers' rating it 0, but then gave Gagas very mediocre Born this Way a 10...suss much?",17,24,"Apr  1, 2012"
8,"MDNA is a return to form after the lackluster Hard Candy. The album feels a lot more like a Madonna album and manages to take risks where her more recent releases have failed to do so. The singles are a bad indication of how good the album actually is, Give me all your luvin' the first single that failed to ignite the charts is the worst song on the album, whilst Girl Gone wild though good is so generic it hurts. MDNA has some song though better than your average filler track by the likes of Pink and Gaga, are still very much by-th-numbers filler tracks, Turn up the radio for example is fun but doesn't really try very hard, as the bubble gum style superstar. Where the album is better is on tracks like I'm a sinner, love spent and falling free (all William Orbit productions) where the vocal, lyrics and music work together with love spent being a personal favourite with its banjo segments that are just so bizarrely amazing. Masterpiece is another good track, a lovely melody, flickers of spanish guitar and one the better songs lyrically. The stand out track is the darkly harsh revenge song Gang Bang, though a long track, it sublimely sinister and sexy as hell and thankfully lifts the first half of the album up.MDNA is both fresh, rehashed and commercial. Its very odd how she can stand out and yet blend in. She always kind of done this, especially with the albums Music and Ray of light, and though MDNA isn't as flawless as Ray Of Light nor as clever as Music it finds a middle ground, probably on par with Confessions on a dance floor, which was as a whole album amazing but with only 2 or 3 stand out songs you couldn't take it in small doses and miles better than the kind of boring American Life and the mis-guided Hard Candy. I would reccommend Hard Candy to all Madonna fans and to casual listeners I'd recommend downloading Gang Bang, I'm a sinner and Masterpiece.  8/10",15,22,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"The queen of pop is always at her best when people try to write her off. On MDNA Madonna successfully returns to what she does best: high-energy disco mixed with soulful ballads.",17,25,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Good lyrics and crazy beats. I need to play it loud, dance and sing, get up and do my thing. The queen of pop will never release a bad album. She's still amazing.",2,2,"Nov 13, 2013"
5,"It's amazingly dull and it's incredible to realize Madonna is all out of ideas and the record dropped so hard on the charts. One newssource had the headline 'MDNA is DOA'. It's kinda true. 'Gang Bang' is the tune that is exciting enough",1,1,"Apr 13, 2012"
5,"I wanted to like this album, but apart from a couple of songs, most of this record is forgettable. I think one of the reasons for this is the production, which sounds stuffy. Not one of her best.",1,1,"May 19, 2012"
5,"Madonna j est a muito tempo no patamar em que no tem que provar nada para ningum,  a maior cantora pop que o mundo conhece. Mas este album poderia ter sido muito melhor, destaque para as produes de William Orbit que  muito 'Madonna' a conexo entre os dois  muito boa. Msicas como Girl Gone Wild. Turn Up The Radio, Superstar, B'day Song, seriam timas se no fosse da Madonna. Destaque especial para faixas; Gang Bang, Love Spent, Falling Free e Beautiful Killer",1,1,"Nov 25, 2012"
8,"Some great great songs on this. Highlights being 'Gang Bang', 'Some Girls', 'Love Spent' & 'Falling Free', (all coincidentally the William Orbit tracks). There are a couple of lets downs, ('Superstar' & 'B-Day Song'), but the rest of the album is so good, I can't bring my score down because of a couple of half-assed fillers. Considering 14 of the 16 songs are decent. I'll break it down:
Girl Gone Wild- 8/10 (It's Great, but too generic to get top marks. It was made for the charts, and that's bad.)
Gang Bang- 10/10 (Perfectly crafted, the gunshots, sirens, F1 cars, all perfectly timed. It fits SO well. As one critic called it, 'history's first dancefloor murder ballad,' and I couldn't agree more.)
I'm Addicted- 9/10 (Tells it like it is. I do get addicted to this song. I want MORE. But that's why it doesn't get top marks, it's so good and makes me want so much more that I get disappointed at not being able to have it.)
Turn Up The Radio- 8/10 (Critics loved it, and I can see why. It's summery and has a few really cool flicks when it comes to sound, but it's repetitive and after a few listens you'll probably skip it.)
Gimme All Your Luvin'- 8/10 (Some really unique ideas, hard to dislike. It's missing something, but I have no idea what that is. The bridge is great also.)
Some Girls- 10/10 (You need to hear the instrumental [orbitstreamcast - SoundCloud] to really appreciate the perfection of the chords and synths in this song. Unbeatable.)
Superstar- 5/10 (I like the music. Not the singing. Not the lyrics. It's definitely an acquired taste this one.)
I Don't Give A- 10/10 (Once again, it's unique done perfectly. You won't find a song like this, but you won't ever need to.)
I'm A Sinner- 8/10 (This is unique, but it's a bit of a let down when compared to the track before it. Maybe a more strategically placed positioning on the album would do it more justice.)
Love Spent- 10/10 (You don't know whether to dance or cry. The progressiveness is done so perfectly and so subtly you won't even notice. The lyrics are so well put together, and smart ['Frankly if my name was Benjamin'], you won't be able to hate this, no matter what you normally enjoy.)
Masterpiece- 10/10 (I hate ballads, but this I like. For me to like a ballad it has to be extremely good, this track deserved a bit more recognition I think, considering it was a promo single. So the public did hear it.)
Falling Free- 10/10 (Such a nice soothing song. Probably the most underrated of her entire career.)
Beautiful Killer- 9/10 (Lyrics are just OK, but apart from that, not a fault. Reminiscent of 'Die Another Day.')
I **** Up- 9/10 (A rare song by Madonna. One where SHE is at fault, and not everyone else. That alone makes it good in my book.)
B-Day Song- 4/10 (Sound like she wrote the lyrics, sang the song, and produced it all inside the one day of her birthday. SO half assed it's almost unlistenable.)
Best Friend- 10/10 (Beautiful Lyrics. Amazing production. Surprisingly well sung. This one really gets to me, and NOTHING gets to me. This alone makes up for the atrocities of B-Day Song and Superstar.)
It really is so sad, that it had to end. ;)",1,1,"Jul 19, 2014"
6,"MDNA certainly wins in terms of quality in comparison with Madonna's previously forgettable entries such as 2005's Confessions and 2008's Hard Candy. But it's also certainly no Ray of Light. Predictable and simple EDM opener 'Girl Gone Wild' indicates the mood of the album, which is simply Madonna finding familiar footing in mainstream music's current trends. Despite the mediocrity of lead single 'Give Me All Your Luvin'', MDNA never ends up sounding like a failure. The trance and dubstep infused into bass thumper 'Gang Bang' is a perfect siding to a song about murdering a former lover and closing ballads 'Masterpiece' and 'Falling Free' remind us why Madonna was once the crowning champion in pop melodrama. All-in-all, MDNA could be better or worse. It reminds us that Madonna still has more to come, but it doesn't deliver us as much as it should.",1,1,"Oct 30, 2013"
10,"MDNA is one of the best albums of 2012 every song is different to another and all songs are amazingly catchy  this is one of madonna's best the Queen of pop has released another mind blowing dance album",1,1,"Jul  4, 2013"
10,"One of the best albums i've heard in a long time  it has so many amazing songs hard to choose one song thanks to madonna for this amazing album it's one of her best",1,1,"Jul  5, 2013"
10,"This is very solid Madonna album, including good songs. The best are Falling Free, Masterpiece, Girl Gone Wild, Love Spent and Beautiful Killer. Good mix of energetic dance songs and lovely ballads, with nice and deep lyrics.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2013"
10,"This is album for fans. I doubt that anyone who is not Queen of Pop fan will fully understand this album.
MDNA is truly DNA of Madonna, whole album as same as whole MDNA era is full of references to the previous work of Madonna. But it's still sounds fresh, new and exciting. I love the fact that even 30 years into her career she's still able to bring something new to the POP music world, and show younger girls (one in particular) how it should be done. Sad thing is that Madonna or her camp did not cared at all about promotion of this album, it's full of great tracks to be single, and they kind of wasted it.
Even bonus tracks on this album are better than most of new stuff from other girls lately.
You can like it or not, but she is The Only One Queen of POP and she is not going anywhere.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"MDNA is 100% Madonna's best album. Although this is a less commercially successful album than her others it's a gem. Sadly this album was brushed aside with most critics and fans. Nearly every track I love on this album. My 4 favorite tracks have to be: Gang Bang, Girl Gone Wild, Superstar & I Don't Give A.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2014"
8,"O lbum  essencialmente feito para se jogar nas pistas, com letras no to profundas como Madonna j fez durante sua carreira - vide Ray of Light e American Life, por exemplo - MDNA segue a linha tnue entre msicas para se descartar (B'Day Song, Superstar, I F**ked Up) e msicas para adorar (e at imaginar videoclips) Gang Bang, I don't give a, Masterpiece, Falling Free, o single Girl Gone Wild e a bela Love Spent - faltou divulgar est msica Madge!
Melhor que o anterior Hard Candy, MDNA no entra na lista dos melhores lbuns da Rainha do POP, mas se voc quer danar, curtir a vida ou at mesmo limpar sua casa sem pensar nos problemas, o lbum  uma tima pedida.",1,1,"Feb 28, 2015"
8,"Absolutely triumphant return after the good but not great HARD CANDY. Love the melodic 'Falling Free,' 'Love Spent,' 'Masterpiece.' The dance songs are incredible, with wild 'Gang Bang' standing out. Only skipping 'Superstar' so far. I guess you could say I'm addicted.",8,10,"Mar 30, 2012"
8,"Better than Hard Candy and American Life. I love this record. Gonna be one of fabulous record of 2012. Many dont like Madonna and give her a bad review or lukewarming welcome to MDNA because the fact that she is 53. But as long as she can rock us with her music, why not we support Madonna. There is only one Queen. And that person is Madonna.",4,5,"Mar 28, 2012"
10,"it's the greatest album she's ever done: some girls, i'm addicted, turn up the radio, gang bang, fallin free, love spent, .... and it's gonna be BIG",4,5,"Apr  2, 2012"
10,"I really enjoyed listening to all of the brilliant tracks on the album. The singles like give me all your luvin and girl gone wild hide the albums beauty. The next single should be love spent, gang bang, or turn up the radio. I think all pop fans should download the album, and the people giving bad reviews obviously have not listened to any songs on the album. I recommend listening, and or buying this album, Madonna doesn't disappoint.",4,5,"Apr  6, 2012"
10,"This is perfect! I'm the biggest Madonna fan, but I must confess I wasn't expecting a album this amazing after the mess Hard Candy was... Definitely the album of the year till now! I would even say this is her best album since Music!",4,5,"Apr  9, 2012"
10,"Do not fear, this record is all that you want from a Madonna album.  It is pure pop perfection with moments of sheer brilliance.  This album is right up there with one of her best.  It comes from a dark place blasted with electro delight.  It will take your breath away.  Stand out tracks: Girl Gone Wild, Gang Bang, Turn up the Radio, Some Girls and Love Spent.  Gang Bang and Love Spent being my favorites.",7,9,"Mar 29, 2012"
10,"Personally, I think we are dealing here with a grade A album. It beats by far all other albums that were released last year, and yet, other stars get higher grades because of they are young. MDNA is original, electronic, emotional, dark and a bit angry album, Turn up the Radio will be the next dance club anthem and Masterpiece is a heart-breaking ballad, a real work of art.",9,12,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Perfect album!!! THIS ALBUM IS SURPRISINGLY GOOOOOOOOD!!!! after Hard candy i thought madonna was over, but after hearing this album she still manages to shine in the businnes. The thing is, you might have a bad first impression on the album but after hearing the lyrics well you'll see that Madonna gave warmth to this cold genre of music which is house music.",6,8,"Apr  8, 2012"
9,"I don't need to say much the album speaks for itself. but I gotta say, since it was released I can't stop listening to it! MDNA is highly addictive!!! my fav: GANG BANG!!",3,4,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Out of the dozen studio albums she's released, I would easily place this album in the top-5. Oddly, the two singles released so far (Give Me All Your Luvin & Girl Gone Wild) are probably the two least interesting songs on the album. Highlights include Gang Bang, Love Spent, I'm Addicted & Falling Free. With hooks overflowing on each track, this is a fascinating and entertaining listen from start to finish with zero filler material. Highly recommended!",3,4,"Apr  6, 2012"
9,"Madonna's finest in many years - and her first concept album since Like a Prayer... go figure, both dealt with catholicism and divorce. No current starlet could come up with something this interesting. If you've been through a breakup or divorce - you'll know what I mean. The emotional roller coaster is captured here: from wanting freedom and finally being able to flirt openly 'Girl Gone Wild', to hating your ex-lover 'Gang Bang', 'Love Spent'... to wanting to patch things up and nostalgia for a relationship that once was 'I **** up', 'Best Friend'.  Mix this awesome and layered narrative with a few fun Madonna songs that firmly reassert her place on the dancefloor 'Some Girls', 'I'm addicted'.. and you have one stellar album... haters will be haters.. but listen to this gem nest to Rihanna's latest, or Gaga's or Katy Perry.. and you'll see why Madonna is an icon... awesome",3,4,"Apr  7, 2012"
5,"Like any Madonna album, it certainly commands attention - however, the basic beats, simple lyrics and generic dub step and 'club sound' moments do leave you feeling very let down. With the likes of Kylie, Gaga, Britney and Robyn controlling the dance charts of late, it would appear the reigning Queen of Pop may soon be refered to as 'The Queen Mother of Pop' - which isn't a good thing.",3,4,"Sep 27, 2012"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS SURPRISINGLY GOOOOOOOOD!!!! after Hard candy i thought madonna was over, but after hearing this album she still manages to shine in the businnes. The thing is, you might have a bad first impression on the album but after hearing the lyrics well you'll see that Madonna gave warmth to this cold genre of music which is house music. The house music is a way to attract people so they can hear what she has to say. My favorite tracks are Gang bang, i'm a sinner,i'm addicted, love spent, masterpiece, falling free, i don't give a, GMAYL and girl gone wild and the others are not bad at all. It's good to see william orbit coming back and made the album sound so futuristic and musically disturbing (gang bang) but also heartwarming (falling free). In general the album pleased me and was like honey to my ears.",11,15,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"It's alway's good to hear madonna's music. AT 53 years old, she still rocks! the album is worth your pennies. What i see in this album is a huge amount of emtions which is why we love madonna so much. There's anger, happiness, sadness, guilt. The album is a nice contrast between balck and white, the happy music is produced by martin solveig and the more thoughtful tracks are produced by william orbit, and even benni bennassi came to produce 2 killer songs that will make the nightclubs dance all night long. The album doesn't feel forced or hypocrit, it's natural and a better album than american life and hard candy. Actually it makes me remember the music album. GO GET IT!!!!",10,14,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"The Queen of Pop is back! And MDNA is a brilliant album full of great songs that are pure Madonna, It's like she has cherry picked all of the best elements from her previous 11 albums and blended it up in to something new and fresh! This is without a doubt one of her best albums!",10,14,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Best since  Ray of Light! Madonna manages to be her classic self, while still being modern and current. Best songs are Gang Bang, Falling Free, I'm Addicted,....",5,7,"Mar 26, 2012"
8,"From early 80s to early 10s Madonna is undoubtedly the queen of pop. What makes Madonna's career last long is actually her changing themes. In 80s she was just a teen sensation, then in early 90s she had her erotica days, in late 90s and early 00s she became the master of pop, and now she is brand new and fresh with her dance music. MDNA is the definition of euro-dance. It is loud, catchy and fresh. From the new club anthem 'Girl Gone Wild' to 'I F*ck*d Up' the album has this tempo, that you cannot avoid.",5,7,"Mar 28, 2012"
10,"An album that will serve even to the next generations, how should pop & dance music sound. Anthemic songs, a lot of fun, pure pop and music to dance to. Having the same positive vibe as Confessions On A Dance Floor had, Madonna proved once again that she is the only Queen when it comes to music, nowadays. Artist half her age, twice the producers and money spent on an album cannot top even the half of the album. An album that shown Lady Gaga that she can go for 2nd best only. As Madonna said, everything that the lesser artist will make, will be just an reductive version of Madonna's music. 10/10 with no regrets.",5,7,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"I was so pleasantly surprised with MDNA. In my opinion it doesn't have any bad songs, some are just okay. There's more than a handful of excellent ones though, such as Gang Bang, I'm Addicted, Turn Up the Radio, Some Girls, I'm A Sinner (classic Madonna), Love Spent, Masterpiece, Falling Free, Beautiful Killer and Best Friend. Even the quite disliked B-Day Song flows well for me. This record will not leave my stereo for a really, really long time. Welcome back, Queen of Pop!",5,7,"Mar 27, 2012"
8,"Not her best but no her worst. The best track of the bunch is Gang Bang with some other cuts such as I'm addicted, some girls, love spent and the should'vebeenfirstsingle Turn up the radio. Skip the childish Superstar and the embarrassing American Life-esque I Don't give a. Great album though!",5,7,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"Although it's not as gr8 as ROL and LAP, I'm glad to see Madge getting back to her roots where she's most comfortable at; electronica and dance. It's my favorite album since Confessions, and like Dr. Drew said it's addictive!",5,7,"Mar 30, 2012"
8,"A very honest, catchy and diverse record, with only few 'reductive-ish' moments. 'Gang Bang' , 'I'm Addicted' , 'I'm A Sinner', 'Love Spent' and 'Falling Free' are standout tracks, while first two singles are easily the weakest tracks here.",5,7,"Mar 31, 2012"
10,"When i first listened he song give all your loving i thought the album was going to be bad, but when i bought it, i was puzzled with their choice for the first single. The album is on my list of favorites. First of all, it has many styles thanks to the multiple collaborations and it's daring. Madonna is known for making songs inspired by her personal life, and this time she's letting her anger and sadness poor on this album. The aftermath of her separation from her husband can be heard on gang bang, i don't give a, and i fu up. Gang bang is my favorite song from the album and a welcome new collaboration with william orbit. I didnt like girl gone wild at first, but i started to like it the more and more i listen to it. I'm addicted goes with the theme of the album, MDNA is indeed addictive. Her songs with martin slveig are my least favorite, actually there's only 3 of his songs on the album, and 3 others on the delux version. I'm a sinner is a great throwback to her ray of light era. I would have never expected to hear bonjo on a dancefloor oriented album, it's a good change and gives the album a new dimesion. The album ends with masterpiece, a beautiful ballad simply about love (we never get enough of them) and falling free which is more than a ballad, it proves us that Madonna still have that meduse like voice. Overall, i'm really satisfied by the album, it has great moments and even if it has faults, it's still a great entertainment so i give it a 10 because it worths the money you spend on it.",12,17,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"This is one of the best albums of Madona since long time.
The song Gang Bang left me with no words. It's amazing, like a movie-song.
Not all the songs are great but witch album has it?",7,10,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"This is definitely the album of the year, a return to form for the one and only, Queen of Pop Madonna!The first single, 'Give Me All Your Luvin'' (Featuring Nicki Minaj & M.I.A.) and the 'Party Rock Remix' of its, featuring LMFAO, definitely is NOT a good representative of the album. It was just a promotional single for the Superbowl, which happened to have crashed into the Top 10 on the Hot 100 and #1 on the Dance chart and become a record-breaking single. The second single, 'Girl Gone Wild', would be a way better representative of the album. But GGW itself it just too joyful and generic which is not exactly the best taste you could taste from the album either. The album itself is a little more dark, an evolutioned 'Confessions On A Dancefloor' I'd say. But it's not all dance tracks. There are heart-wrecking ballads and certain mid-tempos, and of course some songs that really have the throwback feeling to music of Madge's earlier days. I'd say it's hard to get ONE song to sum up the entire album, so listen to everything and decide on yourself. But one hint's here: The songs with features are NOT the best ones, this I can assure you.",7,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"MDNA is a great return for Lady M.  Hinting at greats of her past with I'm A Sinner (Beautiful Stranger/Ray of Light) and Love Spent samples Hung Up so brilliantly.  Gang Bang forges new ground because we have never heard her this way...crazy fun!  When she sings 'Drive ****  she soars!  What it lacks in cohesive sound ( a la Confessions)  it makes up in giving us everything that is Madonna.  Mother, lover, sister, Diva, Icon and sweet.",7,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"Really great album, I like ''Girl Gone Wild'', beautiful song called ''Masterpiece'' and ''I F**ked Up''. Standard version is short, but Deluxe Edition (17 tracks) is just fantastic! Who own's the throne?! Quinn of Pop is back!",7,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Waow MADONNA IS BACK! who could thought that after the disapointing HARD CANDY she would come back with this sugar album! She's expressing herself without any kind of fear, she's singing to the music she grew up with and she proves us AGAIN that she's the QUEEN. The only song i dislike is gve me all ur luvin they tried to make a commercial song but they failed which is bad because people are going to that album is going to be as bad as the first single which the complete opposite. It's actually very thoughtful, sarcasstic, sometimes happy and sometimes sad. The collaboration with william orbit always works, and i didn't even know that his was the producer of gang bang how great is that! GANG BANG is the best song on this album, it's dark and **** in a way, it makes me think of quentin torontino's films. After a road of bonker moments, the album ends with falling free just like ray of light with mer girl. The deluxe version is good too, too bad they didn't include beautiful killer and bday song on the official version. MDNA IS BACK B**CH!!!",7,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"is far from being one of the best albums of them, but stands out in the current pop scene. Madonna is still establishing himself as the queen of pop. Highlight the beautiful ballads.",7,10,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"It's definitely an album she hasn't done for a while, I guess, you couldn't really call majority of the singles 'single worthy or commercial' but it's still brilliant. Turn Up The Radio is possibly the only radio friendly song left that hasn't been left. She's done it all before and I guess trying to re-create or possibly generate such a new sound is quite difficult for somebody who's pretty much done everything. Nevertheless it's flawless.",7,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"This is what one expects from madonna, dance, pop, confessions, and simple but meaningful lyrics. much better than the previous hard candy. The album goes from angry and violent to overly happy. From hyper energy dance music to some of her first ballads in 10 years. And yet the album is dividing, if you never liked madonna, you wont like this one.",6,9,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Once again, Madonna has shown to the world that she's still the Queen of Pop. Though the release of the ablum was preceded by the weak single, 'Give Me All Your Luvin' ', this song actually doesn't set the tone of the whole album. It's much darker and deeper than what you think. The lyrics are very introspective. There are many good records, especially those produced by William Orbit like 'I'm A Sinner' and 'Love Spent'.",6,9,"Mar 29, 2012"
9,"First of all, the production on every single song is amazing. Madonna delivers some great melodies as well. My favorites are 'Love Spent',  'I'm Addicted', 'Beautiful Killer', 'Turn Up The Radio', 'I'm A Sinner', 'Girl Gone Wild', 'Some Girls', 'I Don't Give A'... these are some banging tunes. I like them all, though, She also brings the tempo down for some beautiful and introspective moments like 'Falling Free', 'Masterpiece'... She's also recorded an acoustic version of 'Love Spent' which is GREAT! Honestly, this is another win in Madonna's long and amazing career, it looks like she has another number one album on her hands, and these songs will sound GREAT on tour!",4,6,"Mar 29, 2012"
10,"Es un muy buen lbum, despus de 4 aos la espera vali la pena. MDNA tiene excelentes canciones, como la maravillosa Love Spent, Gang Bang, Fallig Free, Beautiful Killer y I'm a Sinner. Es un lbum muy variado y coherente que encuentra mucha inspiracin en trabajos anteriores de Madonna. Lamentablemente tambin tiene canciones como Superstar y B-Day Song que me parecieron lo peor del lbum, tambin creo que Madonna eligi muy mal los singles (Give Me All Your Luvin' y Girl Gone Wild) porque no son ni las mejores canciones ni son representativas de todo el lbum.",4,6,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"It",4,6,"Mar 29, 2012"
8,"Is it a masterpiece on the level of Like a Prayer, Erotica, or Ray of Light? No, not really. But it's also leagues better than Like a Virgin and Hard Candy. More personal than Confessions, more varied than American Life, it's certainly the strongest pop album of 2012 so far.",2,3,"Apr  5, 2012"
8,"Someone here is Crazy..... The User Score of Hard Candy is about 75 and this is about 6.2....... How is it possible? MDNA is way better than Hard Candy!!Great Tracks : Gang Bang - I'm Addicted - Masterpiece - Falling Free - I Don't Give AVery Good Tracks : Love Spent  - Girl Gone Wild - Turn Up the RadioGood Tracks : Some Girls - I'm a Sinner Quite Good Songs : Superstar - Give Me All Your Luvin",2,3,"Apr  8, 2012"
9,"To me she can do no wrong. 'MDNA' has all the required club stompers and numbers that will rock out in her tour. I am so happy she has included a pair of gorgeous ballads, which looking back have been a hugely popular, if often forgotten, part of Madonna's legacy. Standouts are 'I'm Addicted', 'Masterpiece', 'I'm a Sinner', and 'I F**ked Up'. 'Turn Up The Radio' did not get the airplay it deserves. This album has owned my driving music since its release, and will for a while to come.",2,3,"Sep 19, 2012"
10,"MDNA is the greatest album ever recorded. If Katy Perry or any other 'it' artist released it, it would be praised for it's brilliance. This album is pure dance. The best songs of her career. Madonna doesn't follow trends she creates them. I'm Addicted, Gang Bang, Falling Free, Love Spent, Beautiful Killer are absolute perfection! My only criticism of the album is the featured artists. Neither MIA or Nicki Minaj bring anything to the songs they feature on, although I Don't Give A which Nicki features on is a cracker of a brilliant track. The singles haven't done this album justice. For me this album has overtaken Ray of Light as the greatest album ever recorded.",2,3,"Oct 13, 2012"
5,"No que MDNA seja um lbum ruim, pelo contrario  bom. Mas quando se trata de Madonna tudo j esta muito saturado, as msicas no so muito originais, mas at agora os singles so comerciais, com destaque para apario de Nicki Minaj e M.I.A.",2,3,"Mar 30, 2013"
1,"Psych! Hello my little Medonsters, it's the true Queen of Pop here. I want to apologize for this garbage I gave you back in 2012. I was a little preoccupied with using a trowel and mortar to even the hills and valleys of my arms and ended up giving easily the worst record of my career. At least you were all sheepish enough to attend my tour (no live singing, no refunds!) and for that I am moderately thankful. I hope you all listen to Girl Gone Wild and then take to bashing damn Lady Gaga for me, it's important we destroy the more talented early on so nobody questions my lack thereof. Also, I expect all my fans to begin speaking in English accents immediately. Adieu!",2,3,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album has everything a Madonna fan would want in an album- pop songs, dance songs and ballads.  Ask any true M fan and they will tell you that her ballads have been missing on the last few albums and they are a welcomed addition to MDNA.  While some of the songs don't really stack up to M's other music others shine above. My Favorites are Girl Gone Wild, Superstar, Gang Bang, Beautiful Killer, Love Spent and Falling Free.  Masterpiece was a bonus from W.E. The deluxe addition included some ok songs.",9,14,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Madonna returns to top form with the help of William Orbit, I love this record, some of the reviews below say that she is been too generic, yes it's a dance album but it's nothing like anything else out there at the moment, it's a perfect record to accompany you summer 2012, god bless the queen!",7,11,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"The best album she has done since Erotica for me, she's not afraid to get dark on this record. At the same time, there is plenty of light that goes around. It really is on of her best, and that's saying a lot!",7,11,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"To be quite honest, as teen that listens to mostly modern music, this is only the second album by Madonna I've listened to, the other being 'Confessions on a Dance Floor'. I'm truly blown away. It somehow manages to be modern, yet unique. Gang Bang is my favourite from this album. Can't stop listening to it! Madonna truly is the one, and only, irreplaceable Queen of Pop.
Slaying the lessers.",7,11,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"Amazing album, i love it! The tracks are very well done, also it's easy to tell which ones are produced by Martin Solveig and which ones are done by William Orbit. Weakest songs on the album are B-Day Song and Give Me All You Luvin'. The rest of the tracks are solid, including the LMFAO remix of Give Me All Luvin'. Personal faves include: I'm Addicted, GMAYL re-mix, I Don't Give A, Turn Up the Radio, Some Girls and Love Spent. This album flows very well and is much better than her previous effort, Hard Candy. I definitely recommend this to anyone thinking of buying the album.",7,11,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"After her last album it's great to hear Madonna sounding like Madonna. MDNA is a great combination of all the Madonnas we fell in love - bit of religious controversy, bit of sexiness, lots of attitude and killer pop/dance tracks with hooks that are impossible to get out of your head after a couple of listens and thoughtful ballads. Highly recommended!",7,11,"Mar 27, 2012"
10,"A flawless record that of course is only being sniffed at by the constipated Pitchfork clique. With so much attention being paid to what Madonna SHOULD be doing or how she should be doing it, you wonder if anyone goes into a Madonna album anymore with an open mind. Luckily I was able to and I'm glad she's still making such intersting, innovative music at this stage of her career.",7,11,"Mar 28, 2012"
10,"I was a bit skeptical when I first heard Girl Gone Wild but after hearing MDNA, in its entirety, I have to say that I",6,10,"Mar 29, 2012"
8,"As a life long madonna fan, I have to admit I approached MDNA with equal measures of excitement and apprehension. reason? i hated hard candy. thankfully, MDNA delivers - for the most part. Let's get the bad news out of the way: yes, it's true, there are quite a few unimaginative stinkers here. Give Me All Your Luvin remains one of her weakest comeback singles, and wannabe stompers like 'Some Girls'  and 'Girl Gone Wild' try hard, but inevitably fail to lift off. good 'bad' Madonna songs like 'Super Star' and 'Turn Up The Radio' are pleasant, but they aren't likely to set anyone on fire.However, that's where the bad news ends.When the album gets going, it's nothing short of amazing. 'Gang Bang' recalls the adventurous spirit of 'Impressive Instant'. 'I Don't Give A F', 'Love Spent' and 'Best Friend' give the album an emotional weight that her last few albums lacked. No prizes for correctly guessing what inspired these songs, but her eloquence in the narrative of pain is as startling as it is heartbreaking.And then, there are the ballads. You may have watched W.E. and hated it. Or have decided to hate the film without watching it anyway. But you can't slate the craftsanship behind 'Masterpiece'. It has an elegance and romantic sheen that most current hit-makers would struggle to emulate.To top it off, there's 'Falling Free' - poetic, haunting and evocative - it's possibly the best Madonna song in years.Yes, MDNA is uneven and has its share of fillers and calculated shockers. But the good bits are so outstanding, it forces one to forgive its less than stellar elements. It's an album that's worth repeated listening. And one that's befitting of her stature. Most importantly, it's an album which suggests that we have every right to expect more greatness from Ms. Ciccone in the years to come.",6,10,"Mar 29, 2012"
9,"There's only one problem in MDNA: It's not a hole new thing. Instead, she did use her talent as nobody can do and did a perfect work with all the trending kinds of music we hear now. And, for me, that's enough. The album sounds GREAT.",3,5,"Mar 29, 2012"
9,"There are some brilliant songs: Love spent, Beautiful killer, Falling Free. This album is much better than Hard Candy, but it isn't so amazing as Confessions on the dance floor",3,5,"Apr  1, 2012"
10,"After the lackluster Hard Candy album Madonna is back doing what she does best. dark and dirty dance music. LOVE LOVE LOVE this album! Little monsters and haters can try to bring her down but never will. She's better at 53 than any of the other pop **** in their 20's.  Eat It.",3,5,"Apr  3, 2012"
4,"As a late 30-something, I grew up during Madonna's prominence in the pop music world. And I'm not too ashamed to admit I listened to her throughout the 80's and 90's. When Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera came onto the scene, many were looking to see which one would be the 'new Madonna'. Yet Madonna was still relevant in those days. That was then and this is now. For better or worse, Lady GaGa has taken the title of 'the new Madonna' to the new generation of pop music listeners, replete with controversial lyrics and outlandish outfits, both trademarks of Madonna during the height of her popularity. Therein lies the problem with Madonna's MDNA, and the album preceding it, Hard Candy. Both albums feel like Madonna is struggling to remain relevant by taking elements of other pop acts and incorporating them into her own rather than make her own music and follow her own path. Not to put too fine a point on it, but MDNA feels like Madonna is trying to copy Lady GaGa and others, rather than be the artist who helped to INSPIRE Lady GaGa. Ultimately forgettable, even for a Madonna fan, MDNA feels like further proof that Madonna should let go and realize there's been a changing of the guard in the world of pop music.",7,12,"Apr  1, 2012"
7,"4 years ago, in 2008, 'Hard Candy' has been released. World, in particular Madonna's fans, was shocked because it was Madonna's worst album. The sound wasn't particular or revolutionary. Yes, in that album there were good songs like 'Miles Away' or 'Candy Shop' but there were horrible and stupid songs like 'Spanish Lesson' or 'Incredible', too. Now, we are in 2012 and Madonna returns with a new album that has the role to be better than 'Hard Candy'. And MDNA is better than 'Hard Candy'. I think that this CD has 4 parts : great songs, good songs, quite good songs and horrible songs. The horrible songs are 'Give Me All Your Luvin' and 'Superstar' that are really stupid. I think that a children can make tracks better than these. The quite good songs are 'Girl Gone Wild' ( I don't know how can some people say that this song is better than some Confessions' songs) and 'Some Girls'. The great song are the interesting 'Gang Bang', 'Masterpiece', 'I'm Addicted' and 'Falling Free' and the other tracks are all good. This isn't revolutionary but is a really good pop album. Madonna started her career in 80's and now, in 2012, she still is one of the most greatest and most successful singer in the world. She is the Queen of Pop, because who can make a good album like this after 30 years of career??",7,12,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"MDNA might not be Madonna's best album, but it's among the better ones for sure. It doesn't reach the brilliance of Ray of Light or Confessions on a Dancefloor, but it trumps Music and Hard Candy. We knew where Madonna wanted to go with her music, after Celebration and Revolver, so I'm not at all surprised at the direction she took. After the incredibly weak single, I expected the album to be a total flop, but I was amazed - MDNA is brilliant and super addictive. From club tracks like Some Girls to mellow tracks like Masterpiece, MDNA sure does it job well. The only tracks I would avoid are Give Me All Your Luvin' and B-day Song (on the deluxe edition). Definitely recommended. Highlights are Gang Bang, I'm Addicted, Some Girls and Beautiful Killer",7,12,"Mar 26, 2012"
4,"Not bad per se, but could and should have been much, much better. I feel like she opted for the popular sound and commercial appeal instead of the innovation she's come to be known for.",4,7,"Sep 12, 2013"
10,"Many of the negative reviews are no doubt, a part of Gaga's fan base because her fan base feels the need to try and tear apart any successful pop artist that rivals their 'mother monster.' Most of them haven't even given MDNA a chance and it's sad. I wouldn't be surprised if other fan bases start doing the same to Gaga, so you'd think they'd think twice before making fools of themselves, they're already known in each fan base as it.Anyway, MDNA is a stellar album. It's definitely one of those albums that get better with time. Initial stand out tracks include Gang Bang, Girl Gone Wild, and Love Spent. Nicki Minaj's verse in I Don't Give A is fire, and GMAYL does not represent the album well. Madonna references her 30 year career frequently in the album because she can, and there's a wide variety of sounds. I wouldn't call the entire album dance, as some reviews are saying, but there are dance tracks. I do wish there were more, but the slower songs have grown on me. Falling Free is a beautiful ballad. My recommendation, if you are on the fence preview the songs in iTunes, step away from the computer for a bit then go back to iTunes and preview them again. If by the next day not a single song is stuck in your head, then you probably won't enjoy the album very much. If even one song gets stuck in your head, the rest will follow and the album is worth your purchase!",5,9,"Mar 27, 2012"
8,"its great album, easy listening, but I need more inspiring sounds and experimental, my favorite song from album - gang bang..some songs its to childish like Bday song and to club-dance.. and singles did not show what album sounds",5,10,"Mar 28, 2012"
10,"Refreshing! MDNA is a great rebound from Hard Candy, which was disappointing to say the least. This album, which was produced by Benassi, Solveig, and Orbit, is similar to her 2005 album Confessions. However, it's a bit more varied and fast paced. Key tracks are Gang Bang, I'm Addicted, Turn Up The Radio, I Don't Give A, Love Spent, Masterpiece, and Falling Free.",4,8,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"You can tell this woman is in lot of pain from divorce, in my opinion the reason this album will be a huge success. Gang Bang, Some Girls, Love Spent, Masterpiece, even GGW, all amazing songs.",4,8,"Mar 29, 2012"
10,"I wasn't too sure about this album.  I'm more into Ladytron, Glass Candy, Chromatics, Crystal Castles.  I loved the 'American Life' album, but didn't really care for the two that followed.  MDNA, though, is probably the best Madonna album I've ever listened to.  I kind of sounds llke she went back and hand picked all the best ingredients from her old **** and decided to put on a new spin on them.  For example, in concept, the song 'Love Spent' is almost like a sequel or follow up to Material Girl, only this time it's sincerely heartbreaking instead of ironically cheeky.  Also, the mix of banjo and Tetrisesque beats reminds me of better version of 'Don't Tell Me.'  Another example is 'I'm a Sinner' which harkens back to the late 90's/early 00s Madonna when she was exploring that sixties sound on 'Beautiful Stranger' and 'Amazing.'  It's probably the most carefree and fun without being juvenile or silly.  The song reminds me of Geoge A Romero's witchcraft in 70s suburbia thriller 'Season of the Witch' or makes me picture the cast of 'The Ice Storm' getting down.  'Falling Free' is Madonna again excelling something a lot of people seem to overlook: creating some of the saddest sounds possible.  This one is up there with 'Bad Girl' 'Oh Father' 'Gone' and 'Easy Ride' as one of the darkest songs she's ever put out.  Great album.",4,8,"Mar 30, 2012"
8,"Amazing album, not perfect nor her best work, probably on pair with Confessions, some of the songs are already a classic in her career (Gang Bang, Im Addicted, Love Spent, Falling Free), only a couple of them could be considered fillers, however as I said I really like the album and its many styles, the whole album deserves a solid 8.",3,6,"Apr  1, 2012"
10,"I love MDNA, much better than Hard Candy.Best songs are 'Love Spent' 'Gang Bang' 'Im Addicted' 'Masterpiece' 'Falling Free' 'Im a Sinner' 'Turn up the Radio' 'I **** Up' and 'Beautiful Killer'MDNA is a great return of Madonna",2,4,"Apr  1, 2012"
0,"Please .... Stop with dance Madonna! It is not convincing, not surprisingly, does not invent anything new .... is a constant reiteration of the same models and diagrams! I want to have a mature and adult work!!!. After of Hard Candy (disastrous!!!) , she has failed to advance an improvement.",2,4,"Apr 13, 2012"
0,"American Life was the last sincere Madonna's album, since then seems that the only concern she has is to have a new hit. Since her album, 'Confessions on a dance floor', when she came with ABBA's sample in her new single Hung Up, going into Justin Timberlake's help in her album hard candy til now, when se came with Nicki Minaj and her poor rap. The fact is that Madonna became especialized in absorb the popularity and success of the new artists, like she did with Britney Spears in 2003, when her new album of that year was destroyed by the public and the critics.
When Madonna sing songs like Girl Gone Wild, Give Me All Your Luvin and B-Day Song it seems like she don't have any sense of reality or ridiculous, becoming a shadow of she use to be. In the end of the day, Madonna can be the QUEEN OF POP,
after all her career is incomparable, but her fear to be overcome shows that Lady Gaga's Born This Way is so much better than MDNA",2,4,"Nov 26, 2013"
8,"An amazing comeback for Madonna honestly. If only 'Turn Up The Radio' was the lead single, this would've been a smash. The Queen of Pop's newly album 'MDNA' is a sheer classic of radio-friendly tunes ('Turn Up The Radio', 'Masterpiece', 'Love Spent', 'Superstar') to more upbeat eurodance beats ('Girl Gone Wild', 'Gang Bang', 'I'm Addicted', 'Some Girls') and with more personal songs ('I ****ed Up', 'Best Friend') but can trip over her disco ball with tracks like ('Gang Bang', 'I'm A Sinner', 'Give Me All Your Luvin'')... But overall, Madonna's back in the game and ready to ignite!",1,2,"May  3, 2012"
10,"Full of bass, synthesized to the maximum, dark and personal. MDNA is an irresistible piece of eletropop that keeps you excited during the whole journey. Best tracks: Gang Bang, Love Spent, I'm Addicted, Some Girls, Best Friend and Girl Gone Wild. Don't hesitate skipping: B-Day Song.",1,2,"Apr  9, 2012"
4,"This is the worst album ever made by Madonna, it has so many fillers, it doesn't seem an album made by the queen of the most important genre in the music industry, it seems made by someone like Katy Perry and I think is at the same level of atrocities like Bionic or Femme Fatale. She is still a great songwriter but I don't really think this is what we all were expecting from Madonna. Love Spent, Turn Up The Radio and Gang Bang are good songs but I don't know why I think they go unnoticed.",1,2,"Apr 23, 2012"
10,"Very good album, her best since Confessions on a Dance floor and much better than Hard Candy, not as great as Confessions, obviously, but I like it. Madge did it again.",1,2,"Apr 14, 2012"
9,"Madonna is without doubt the Queen of Pop. But can she still deliver the goods as a relevant artist 30 years from her debut? After hearing this record, the answer is a resounding YES!  Trailed by an oddly weak sounding lead single (Give Me All Your Luvin) Madonna brings forth her best on the album itself. Progressive disco anthems such as 'Girl Gone Wild' and 'Some Girls' assert her reign as the top female pop star. She drops an acid turn on the psychedelia rave funker 'I'm Addicted' and seems to have some bad blood scores to settle in what might be her most exciting and shocking music moment to date in 'Gang Bang' which has to be heard to be believed. Her recent divorce is addressed in 'I Don't Give A' as well as 'Love Spent' which may be one of the most unique pop creations in recent years. She also brings melancholic lyrics and darkly poignant introspection to the album in the form of ballads 'Masterpiece' and 'Falling Free' produced by William Orbit, her longtime collaborator from 1997 opus 'Ray Of Light' If you want a pop album to make you dance, smile, cry and exorcise some demons. This is the one for you. It also happens to be her best in over a decade.",1,2,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"Lots of touching lyrics Love Spent: You married me if I were poor
I don't give a f: I diminish myself and swallow my light
Underneath her heart, various egos are reflected to manifest a intricating feeling of resentment, regret, self-empowerment and joy. It's said that the album was like a girl's confession rather than a middle-aged one. if you explore the deeper layer of the lyrics, there is an ups and downs when listening to the whole album. The roller-coaster like sentiment echoes many other divorced women's life.",1,2,"Nov  5, 2012"
10,"It is so clear that there is an army of Madonna haters that have transcribed and have hit many online reviews to just trash Madonna when they are only writing out of hate and ignorance.  MDNA is an amazing album and I am glad that at 53, Madonna can still produce great music.  MDNA will sell millions worldwide and will win a lot of accolades, along with a successful tour, maybe the most lucrative tour by an artist ever and that just makes some of you squirm.  Squirm **** squirm!  Madonna is here to stay and I'm glad!!  :)",1,2,"Apr  9, 2012"
9,"Another strong effort from Her Madgesty- improves upon 2008's Hard Candy. It doesn't look like she'll be relinquishing her crown anytime soon. The return of collaborator William Orbit is welcome- as are the live strings used on several of the tracks. Madonna and strings= magic.",1,2,"Apr 15, 2012"
10,"Fantstico! Lgicamente tiene mejores y peores canciones, pero ninguna mala. 'Love spent', 'Gang Bang', 'Turn up the radio', 'Beautiful Killer', 'Masterpiece', 'Girl gone wild' 'Falling free' las mejores. El resto muy, pero que muy pegadizas, y a destacar el coro final de 'I don't give a' ...espectacular.",1,2,"May  9, 2012"
10,"Ok I really do not believe in the negative reviews. Almost every song had a spark on its own. Madonna did more than making up for the dissapointment in Hard Candy. For my music taste,  the music playing in songs matter alot. It was there! The pop queen still made her return in a pleasant manner.",1,2,"May 14, 2012"
8,"***FIXED*** MDNA IS NOT A BAD ALBUM - BY FAR. Some people and critics would like nothing more than to see Madonna just go away. And that's not fair, and it's also a total double standard. Why should Madonna disappear? Because she's in her early 50's and still making hawt dance music? Or could it be because she refuses to be a free soul or won't stop doing and saying as she pleases? Jealous much haters??? I have so much respect for this woman! Not only because she's one of the original innovators of the Pop music genre - it's because she has bigger balls than more than half of the men i have ever met! And i think that freaks people out! Madonna not only has to attempt to stay relevant sonically (which she's still succeeding) she has to fight ageism. Why can't women over a certain age be considered sexy or interesting? Critiquing Madonna shouldn't be based on her age or about what she's done before. It should be about what she's still doing and her impact on music and society! MDNA is as strong of Pop album as any other that's come out this year (or last) I think the underwhelming first two singles hurt the appeal of the album from the jump. She was pressured to get Gimme All Your Luvin' out in time for the Superbowl performance. Girl Gone Wild was good, but it's difficult even for me to stomach hearing her refer to herself as a girl. The video was Erotica/Vogue 2.0 and it was exciting to see her being sexy, interesting, pro-queer Madge again! MDNA has some amazing dance tracks on it, proving she can still contend with the new pop stars of the last 5yrs. Gang Bang is one of the most brilliantly bizarre and aggressive songs she's ever put on an album. I'm Addicted is dancefloor genius! By the ending of the song when she's singing MDMA, MDNA over and over - if your soul doesn't feel that and make you want to dance you have no soul. Hopefully Turn Up The Radio will be a single and have a video - because it's HAWT! Love Spent is beautiful and Free Falling is one of the most personal and most beautiful Madge has ever written. All hail The Queen! She's still got it, record sales or not - Madonna is like no other - and thank God for that! (8.5 out of 10)",1,2,"Jun 13, 2012"
5,"Your average club music. Nothing special here, which is about where Madonna should be at her age. Hopefully this will be her last album, and she never officially walks away from music like Cher did.",1,2,"Feb 16, 2013"
10,"Madonna makes history once again. After the terrific success of Celebration and Confessions on a Dance Floor, she continues to surprise us with giggly, dancey, tracks like Girl Gone Wild and Give Me All Your Lovin' and with the amazing dubstep record Gang Bang and also I'm Addicted, the two main highlights of this historical Dance record. Hats Off To You.",1,2,"Nov  7, 2012"
10,"in my opinion this is Madonna's best album ever, it has great producers, and every song has it own style, it doesn't sound repetitive (like Confessions) i love it",1,2,"Dec  7, 2012"
10,"The more I listen this album the more I like it. Although I'm not a big fan of non-classical music... I'm a big fan of  the 'Confessions' album and I can forgive Madonna almost everything after that masterpiece. It's very hard to produce something higher after a short period of time and MDNA goes deeper not higher. My favorite songs are 'Falling Free', 'Give me all you lovin'',  'Gang Bang', 'I don't give a'  and 'Turn up the radio' (I liked it after Moscow concert). 'Beautiful killer' is another funny song here. Maybe in America people don't love her but she's so honest and sincere in her self-expression that it's hard not to admire and then... learn to love.  IMHO she is programmed by God to push people's buttons and it's good because a perfect person (God wants us to be perfect)  doesn't have the 'buttons' that can be pushed. The 'button ' means lack of something (love or light) in ourselves. She pushes lots of buttons an once and it really does God's job in making people do something,  to get rid of   'button' element in their minds. It's bitter medicine that helps us. IMHO. God save Madge.",1,2,"Dec 20, 2012"
9,"'There's only one queen, and that's Madonna, **** When Nicki Minaj ends 'I Don't Give A' with this phrase, we we all know she's right. Surely, 'MDNA' is the most introspective album of her entire career. With lyrics that talk about frustration (Masterpiece, Falling Free, Best Friend, Love Spent, I **** Up), but also with with moments of bad girl (Girl Gone Wild, I Don't Give A, I'm a Sinner) Madonna, even with 54 shows that she can be the Blond Ambition that she always been and always will be. Sorry Gaga, but the queen is back. As she says in 'Some Girls', 'I do not wanna be like some girls.' Game Over, Mother Monster!",1,2,"Dec 28, 2012"
1,"as has been failing for a long talk in the musical anbito, Madonna does it again, what is this? A joke? Album rescued only two or a song and of course, no single.",1,2,"Jan 16, 2013"
10,"don't judge this album on its mediocre singles! this is a proper madonna album that makes you wanna sing along and dance. Best tracks on the album are gang bang, superstar, i don't give a, masterpiece and the magnificent falling free (plus beautiful killer from the deluxe album). Madonna back to Ray of Light standard here :D",6,13,"Mar 27, 2012"
7,"I am a recent Madonna fan. I started to love her music when I bought Celebration. I only listened to another album which is Confessions On A Dancefloor. I must admit, after Confessions, I had really high expectations that MDNA did not meet. She seems to be more focused on being mad at her ex than actually jumping on the occasion to reinvent herself as an artist. This is what you get : a wannabe-dark Madonna album with a production that is clearly irrelevant. Why did it hit a 7? MDNA has a certain charm. The lack of depth in lyrics in some songs is compensated with thickly layered songs and unexpected beats. The deluxe edition is somewhat useless. The only good extra track is 'Best Friend'. Even though 'B-Day' is clearly a wink to the audience,'Beautiful Killer' and 'I F*ck*d Up' possess a few very awful lines hat ruins the whole songs and make it less believable. My favorite tracks : 'Masterpiece', 'Falling Free', 'Best Friend', 'Love Spent' (even though this one could have been better)..",3,7,"Apr  1, 2012"
0,"The record is full of semi-catchy melodies with simple and basic lyrics, that only music uneducated 13-year-olds would like. Simply, Up All Night is an very bad album.",2,2,"Jan 13, 2013"
6,"'Of course they have talent and can sing. But that's not a case for their debut [Up All Night]. The album contains great vocal abilities from each member and present a clean-cut personality. But there are quite some problems. Personally, the album kinda lack's creativity and image, because, groups like [Big Time Rush] and [The Wanted] are just like them. Another is their consecutive-theme spanning through most of their songs (cause it basically talks about love, being carefree, enjoying life etc.). Don't get me wrong, they probably will go quite far... But I doubt this CD will be memorable... more forgettable. Change your image and sound a bit, and there you go.'",1,1,"Oct 12, 2012"
1,"look i respect these guys and all but they are just copying N' sync and the backstreet boys i really dont know how they are popular non of there songs are moving inspirational anything all their songs are about girls and not in the romantic way in the way people today call romantic there is a deeper meaning to love then physically showing them love its a spiritual thing also and this kind of music and generation can not capture what the true meaning of what it is to be in love anymore they arent talented none of the songs are catchy like i think katy perrys songs have stupid lyrics but at least the music is catchy sometimes but all in all this band and album is not good they are weak singers and have horrible beats to go along with it",1,1,"Aug 27, 2012"
0,"What could have been a great album turns into crap when 1D sends a barrel of pure sh*t at our ears. This isn't music, it's sound. The vocals are fairly decent, but the lyrics suck, and the 5 idiots of 1D have no personality at all. This album Direction-sucks.",1,1,"Dec 31, 2012"
0,"This album is WAY WAY WAY too over-rated... Its far too boring, same old same old.. To me, they all sound pretty much the same, I wouldnt recommend this :)",1,1,"Jan  6, 2013"
0,"The reason for One Direction's fame is because of 'What Makes You Beautiful,' which wasn't even written by them. What irks me about them is after they perform a song like that and have the entire population of prepubescent girls in love with them they rate their fan's attractiveness during signings. The songs from this album are very annoying and unoriginal.",1,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
0,"Group 5 losers with pretty faces and sing without talent is what you get in this album. Despite the fact that [sarcasm] none of them are homosexual [/sarcasm], they still managed to be little hipster teens favorite.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
0,"No gostam de Buceta, adoram rebolar num pau e beijar rapazes de bigode, axilas peludas, com o Pau Grande e super malhados. Deviam provar minha Buceta, vamos ver se no gostam.",5,6,"Oct 28, 2012"
3,"I was unimpressed with this CD. I was told many positive things about it, though I heard some things about the band having a lack of anything interesting to offer. They were right. This group is basically a remake of the Jonas Brothers, mainly appealing to the female side of the music consuming industry. And that half usually has the most unoriginal, stereotypical music of the entire industry. This band has typical boy band stinkers that has limited appeal and most rely solely off of their teeny-bopping beats. But what they don't understand is that we're SICK of hearing it. Overall the album is a whimsical, pouty-voiced 3/10. Stick to picking up Barbies with limited talent and turning them into pop icons, Hollywood.",6,8,"Apr 26, 2012"
0,"in the Bieber era domination, no even 5 lads can make the right harmonies. their voices are really weak. the album in general is really generic, but fun. What makes you beautiful their 'best' song is just overrated.",5,7,"Jun 23, 2012"
4,"I don't want to seem jealous, but for me this band is the classical group of handsome boys that has success for the physical aspect and for 'x factor'. The album isn't bad as some albums from other artist like them, but i don't like the songs and i don't like them. ( sorry for my English )",6,9,"Mar 25, 2012"
0,"They are terrible and they also deserve to die in HELL!!! TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBBBBBBBBBBBLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,3,"Jun 26, 2012"
3,"It's OK (2/5), I guess. I think they just copy most of other boy bands especially Backstreet Boys. (Although I'm 13 y/o) When I listen their songs over and over again, I feel BBBBBBOOOOOORRRRRRIIIIIINNNNNGGGG.",2,3,"Dec 18, 2013"
0,"This is horrible. It's probably the most clich album I ever heard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstreet Boys and 'N Sync. This is just a mess.",8,13,"Apr  9, 2012"
9,"a band of five boys.... said as vocal group because unlike others there are more vocals than sound effects..!they are more music than personality... also proved that they are awesome in vocals by securing 3rd position of x-factor...my advice love them.. ast they make great, simple and good music..!!",1,2,"Apr  3, 2012"
0,"este albun es realmente malo,  todas las canciones tratan de lo mismo  no hay originalidad  ademas ya estamos cansados de las bandas de los chicos guapos  este album hace que uno solo se fije solo en los chicos y no en lo que verdaderamente importa  LA MUSICA",1,2,"Feb 28, 2013"
0,"One Direction's Up All Night fails utterly as an album. The ridiculous hit single that launched them to stardom 'What Makes You Beautiful' is a rather clunky song. The drum transition towards the chorus is off-tempo, the repetition that goes 'do-o-or' and 'en-ou-ou-ough' seem tacked on and the lyrics aren't even thought out properly.
'I don't know why... you're being shy...'
Cheap rhyme that's bland and uncreative. What's even worse is that One Direction didn't even write any of their songs. That tells me two things. One: Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk, Savan Kotecha suck at writing songs, and Two: One Direction can't even be  to write their songs and share their personal spin on anything. Some creativity they have...
'One Thing' is one bad thing too many. The song's tone rips off any other song on their album.
'Taken' is already an unappealing title but the entire chorus sounds tacked on with uninspired lyrics. It just sounds like a bunch of words stuck together mashed with a non-catchy tune.
Are those 13 year-old+ fan girls blind and deaf? They're not at all that attractive nor are they worth the hype. They are a bunch of X-Factor drop-outs that X-Factor mashed together to make some cheap money-making product by manipulating the idiocy of some (not all) young girls.
The world may end because this album is a sign of that...",1,2,"Oct  5, 2013"
1,"One Direction is a terrible band which humans REALLY don't like. Heck, I'd rather listen to a screaming monkey, they are five Justin Biebers, and anyone who likes these people have a disease or something.",1,2,"Jan  4, 2014"
10,"Good vocal tone, and far better than anything most boy bands are putting out. Also creating their own sound rather than copying the R&B-esque boy bands of the 90's. Good first effort.",4,12,"Oct 30, 2012"
3,"Genre: Pop
Not to be confused with the decent 2004 album from indie rock band Razorlight 'Up All Night' is yet another example of how marketing and the power of shows like The X Factor will always be as, if not more, important to success than genuine musical talent.
Fair enough the boys have OK voices but every song on this debut album is little more than generic pop with unimaginative arrangement and even more unimaginative lyrics. If you've liked any of the endless number of boy-bands that have been seen since the early 90's then One Direction might be for you but I want much more from my music.",1,3,"Aug 11, 2013"
0,"Recycled tween bubble gum pop. As singers, they aren't bad, but they aren't good. Absolutely riding on fame from X Factor, and their looks. They shouldn't be hailed as the next big thing. Their music doesn't warrant that type of recognition.",1,3,"Jul 23, 2012"
9,"This album has no bad songs. Except for maybe the song Moments, which can be found in the Limited Yearbook Edition. These guys are pretty decent singers. There is very minimal Auto-Tune used in the songs. They are also very cute, which helps i guess. But, this album appeals so much to the teen audience and is incredibly catchy. It's not trash pop, its pure and fun teen pop that deserves to be listened to. My favorite tracks are the irresistable Everything About You, the catchy and amazing Stand Up, and the greatly sung Tell Me A Lie. The album is great, give it a chance.",1,4,"Jun 29, 2012"
8,"A Great Debut! Forget The Haters One Direction Is On Fire And Up All Night!",1,4,"Mar 24, 2013"
0,"This is the worst album ever made, they are like 5 noobs, 'What Makes You Beautiful' sucks, it's the most annoying song ever, Every song sucks alot, One Direction sucks",1,4,"Nov  8, 2014"
10,"I'm a guy and I think they are better than other bands!  Saw them at X Factor and they aren't bad. Their album is great and People shouldn't judge them. Far better than BTR.",1,6,"Mar 25, 2012"
10,"I had heard their first single before it became popular and I thought it was rather catchy. Once they started to become popular I shunned them, saying I hated them. I couldn't stay away for long. My friend bought the album and I became obsessed with it. Sure it's typical teeny bopper music, but their voices are great. Plus they're even better live.",1,6,"Jun 17, 2012"
8,"This album is so great, i love the boys. What Makes You Beautiful, Gotta Be You and I Want are my favorite songs. I wish a lot of sucess, One Direction deserves it.",1,9,"Mar 21, 2012"
10,"This rating is truly based on their album, great songs, and talented voices. My opinion has nothing to do with them as people, but just simply as a band living their dream. I believe their songs hold different emotions and feelings behind them, some giving a wonderful story to it. Definitely NOT an obsessed fan, just someone who likes and appreciates their music.",0,1,"Jul 28, 2012"
6,"I Dont Feel Like One Direction Is Really Showing There Real Potential With This Album.. Vocally They Can Be So Much Better Because All Of Them Have Great Voices.. They Would Sound So Much Better If They Sang Somthing Other Than Pop 100% Of The Time.. But Overall Good Debut Album...",0,1,"Dec 23, 2012"
0,"my ears are bleeding I swear this music is awful. all of one direction songs are awful not one song was even ok it was is horrible music is would never hear again.",0,3,"Apr  9, 2015"
1,"eard. They're nothing more than 5 Justin Bieber's and they will never get to the level of previous boys bands they're obviously copying like Backstrehjjjjj",0,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
2,"I'm going to keep this simple. Up All Night is just another album by a manufactured pop act made simply to earn money and soil 13 year old musically illiterate girls' pants.",0,1,"Oct 29, 2015"
5,"Look, each and everyone of these boys have unmistakably huge amounts of talent. They have amazing voices and my only problem is, it's all going to waste. Sure their fan base is huge, but it's all young girls that love bubble gum pop. These songs have no lyrical talent, hopefully they didn't write much of it. I personally like them, but they should get out of this image of pop, they have so much talent as I said before, if they could write meaningful songs, that would be utterly amazing. Overall if you love pop, well then this is an amazing album, if you have good taste in music, well this isn't. They're talent is going to waste over staying 'up all night' and jumping 'around until we see the sun.' In my opinion they should do what The Beatles did, that is start off as a boy band and emerge into an unmistakable rock band, that is if they learn how to play instruments besides Niall. Maybe it's cause they're a boy band, but they could do so much better lyric wise, and music wise for that matter. If I wasn't being so judgmental towards the type of music this album has, then yes, it is a great album. Since I love different types of music, this is a waste of talent.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2012"
0,"Apparently One direction has a disability when it comes to singing! i have not listen to their albums or music but they S U C K at singing, dancing.  13 year old girls will giggle and dance to the gay album of one direction and they think their gonna get laid from a silly gay band no way",0,0,"Apr 20, 2015"
1,"I really don't want to review this album it was terrible not quite bad enough for a 0 score but very very nearly I swear it made my ears bleed one listen is enough for me and never again. Painful.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
4,"Sounds the same thing in the whole album, the lyrics it's not that great, but the vocals is good. Is easily a bad album. 'More than this' is the best in this LP.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
3,"Every song is the same. It's boring. 'What Makes You Beautiful' 'Gotta Be You' and 'I Want'.. these songs aren't that bad.. especially 'I Want.'... but uhhm.. overall.. it's just boring.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2015"
10,"Melhor album electropop teen dessa gerao, vendeu horrores, e tem timas farofas, pior musica  Everything about you e Save you tonight, empregado do Take me home, mas mesmo assim  um hinario, vamos subir logo essa user score pq nao aguento mais os user na amarelo tour, colaborem pessoal, o album  timo, I Want farofa suprema",0,0,"Oct 24, 2015"
7,"Salva-se umas 5 faixas de resto meio descartvel. Best Songs More Than This, One Thing, Gotta Be You e Same Mistakes. de um lbum com 18 msicas e s isso prestar,  complicado, mostra-se baixa qualidade.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2015"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
0,"The record is full of semi-catchy melodies with simple and basic lyrics, that only music uneducated 13-year-olds would like. Simply, Up All Night is an very bad album.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2015"
10,"is a really good album, with more maturity from one direction, a set of melodies on vocals, it's amazing the new tactic was in their lives, it's beautiful",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
7,"An descent album, but her previous album, Shine, was better. I love that she collaborated with Rick Ross and Janelle Monae. I also love the small skits. Probably not the best R&B album, but it's a descent album.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2012"
6,"The third album in the Estelle's career  - 'All Of Me' is a compilation of catchy songs. Aside from the fact of short musical interludes - which are more curiosity than actually a track - album contains four singles, half of which keeps high level. Soul 'Thank You' and 'Break My Heart', hip-hop 'The Life' or extremely melodic 'Speak Ya Mind' from the rest of the material are also remarkable compositions.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2012"
7,"The Chiddy Bang are young and full of talent, this album is the proof. Ray Charles is certainly the best track on the album with soul and alternative entries that make it one of the best songs of 2012. From this we can say that Breakfast is the best way to start the day.",2,2,"Jun  3, 2012"
9,"Breakfast is ultimately a great way to start the day. Its catchy pop hooks and chilled rhymes make this a great listen for any listener. This young duo started 2012 with such a happy, skilled, and fun album. The production side is on its top game making some really great different tracks like Ray Charles a soul alternative sounding track, then to Mind your Manners with a pop-hip hop brilliance, and to finish it off with 4th Quarter a harder hip hop song. The rapping side is riveting, smart and gripping you just want to hear more quick rhymes from Chidera the record breaker rapper. Breakfast is a very impressive debut from these 2 and is not to be missed.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2013"
7,"The tracks in this album have a 'happy' feeling to them. Overall, this album has a good vibe to it. It isn't dark or depressing. I always listen to this album while driving to school.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2015"
7,"I don't know why most people don't like his songs, because I find them to be great. If you don't like hard rap but you like rap, he is great for you, their music is quality.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2015"
7,"I personally like the later songs more than the album's earlier songs. 'Happening' and 'Talking to Myself' are both great songs that were greatly overlooked in my opinion.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2015"
10,"Ryan Follese,Jamie Follese,Ian Keaggy and Nash Overstreet are talented musicians that are no strangers to music.They each come from music-loving households and have all been long-time friends,with some brotherly between lead singer Ryan and drummer Jamie.From the get-go they've been trying to discover a sound that they'll all love to create and that'll work with them.Their first album 'Lovesick Electro' bordered more on rock music but the sound presented in 'Whatever' leans more towards pop,just as they wanted.They wanted to create a record that you'd love to listen to on a particularly good day or cheer you up on a bad one.You can hear the perfect harmony between instruments and voice come together to create some of the catchiest pop songs you'll hear all year.It'll take the most hardcore cynic to not hum along to tracks like 'Tonight Tonight' and 'Beautiful Freaks'(my personal favorite).At the end of the day Hot Chelle Rae knows very well that they've created typical,simple pop music which uses as little chords as possible and is all about that catchy hit-making chorus,and they couldn't be happier with themselves.You won't find an incredible amount of originality here,instead what you'll find is incredibly fun pop music,with the occasional more serious song,pumped full of energy emanating from each band member as you realize that they absolutely love what they're doing.Well if they have all this talent then why not use it to create music that actually has longevity to it you may ask?I think their answer would go something like this,It's not like life is full of serious life-defining moments that occur on a regular basis.Sometimes life is about skipping a day at work or school,getting in your car with some freinds,turning up that radio and just yelling 'Whatever' !",1,1,"Dec  8, 2011"
0,"Mediocre and bland, lyrics that make no sense overly annoying vocals and untalented musicians, and just straight up lame. this really reminds me of the Jonas brothers except way lamer and winy stuff.",0,4,"Dec  6, 2011"
0,"Another pop/rock band that talks about the same stuff over and over again. Please, GIVE US MORE BANDS THAT MAKE MASTERPIECES LIKE 13 AND KID A. I'm getting real sick of this type of music. Let's hope they change later on, o that this was just to get the public's attention.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2012"
7,"Whatever, an album packed with monster hooks and soaring vocals (that get annoying at some point) turns out to be a pretty smart pop album. With insanely catchy, but nonsensical, lyrics this album is great for any house party. This album showcases pure pop beautifully. This album is an example of how pop should sound. Although, the production is a little repetitive. Every song is similar. The same vocals are used throughout too. Ryan Follese doesn't really take the time to play around with his voice to make it sound just a little different in each song. Everything is too similar. But overall, this album turns out to be a hell of an entertaining listen.
HIGHLIGHTS: Beautiful Freaks, Radio, Tonight Tonight",0,0,"Jun 24, 2012"
9,"According to lead singer Ryan Folles, for him, 'It's been a really, really messed up week / 7 days of torture, 7 days of bitter.' And so begins the radio-friendly adventure Whatever from the Nashville quartet Hot Chelle Rae. Whatever has songs like the title track, 'I Like It Like That' (a duet with 'You're a Jerk' group New Boyz), the catchy hit 'Tonight Tonight', which stand out, actually. It's not a critical acclaim thing, but Whatever sounds like retro bubblegum pop that remains catchy in listener's brains. In simple words, Whatever is a charming follow-up from a nice Nashville band.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2012"
10,"All the songs on this album are very catchy.  Ryan Follese has such an amazing voice. Stand out tracks include 'I Like It Like That' 'Why Don't You Love Me' and 'Tonight Tonight.'",0,0,"Jan 25, 2012"
9,"Tonight Tonight, Honestly, Whatever, I Like It Like That, and Why don't You Love me are so good, if you didn't listen to his CD yet, I would recommend you get it now! It will keep you upbeat all day long.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2012"
4,"At first (having only heard Tonight Tonight) I thought that Hot Chelle Rae was just a bunch of talentless wannabes posing as a rock band. However, I just heard their 2009 debut album Lovesick Electric & it's actually pretty good, and I discovered that they're not talentless, and were pretty genuine at one point. It's a solid power-pop album that might get some replays out of me in the future. Whatever on the other hand is for the most part a crappy bubblegum-pop blatant sellout of an album.  Even on first listen there were only 8/13 songs I didn't absolutely despise, 2 of them being bonus tracks.  I must admit that the worst songs on the album come sporadically, mainly appearing at the beginning and near the end.  The rest is just mediocre filler with a few exceptions that I'll get into later.  Most of the lyrics are either meaningless or just lazily obnoxious in the most annoying way possible.  The melodies might be catchy sometimes but usually they have nothing to say, which makes it a waste of a potentially good melody.  I almost liked Honestly as a guilty pleasure until I realized just how douchey the lyrics are.  Beautiful Freaks is a lazily constructed & pandering 'celebrating individuality' song that tries & fails to double as a concert anthem.  Downtown Girl has basically the opposite meaning of Queen of the Scene from Lovesick Electric.  Whereas QotS was a sardonic look at & criticism of arrogant & entitled girls, DG celebrates it. Why Don't You Love Me sounds good as a power ballad until you realize how needy & whiny the lyrics sound.  The title track tries way too hard to relate to its now-target audience of 'rebellious' teenage girls.  This album sounds so safe, politically correct and 'meant for the masses' that it sounds like it was made for Glee, and a member of which happens to be the brother of one of the band members.  I doubt that's a coincidence.  There's not much emotion, sincerity or artistic integrity to be found here, all of which were present throughout almost all of Lovesick Electric.  Now, onto the few positive things I have to say: Keep You with Me could've had less overproduction & blatant autotune (at least in the chorus) but it's a decent ballad in the basic melody & lyrics.  Wish it could've been stripped down a little but it gets a passing grade from me.  Luckily I did find an acoustic version on YouTube that I prefer over this one.  I highly recommend looking it up.  Forever Unstoppable actually has a fairly good message, melody & lyrics, and does kinda remind me of Lovesick Electric, despite its very minor cliche tendencies and slight overproduction.  Probably my favorite on the standard edition.  The Only One is also a highlight, and features some of the most emotional singing on the album.  On the deluxe edition, Come Back to California sounds fairly sincere despite the slightly clumsy lyrics (and also in a way because of that) and it's got a nice endearing quality that I can't help but enjoy.  It also contains this album's only guitar solo, which is very notable despite its relatively short length.  Finally, I Wish has a very good melody but it's slightly held back by its somewhat empty & cliche 'breakup' lyrics.  Still I like it.  Funny how 2 of my favorites here weren't even on the deluxe edition.  Kinda reminds me to a lesser extent of when I heard Maroon 5's mediocre sellout album Overexposed & the best track on it was a phenomenal 7-minute blues cover of a Prince song that was left on the deluxe edition.  Overall, this is a very mediocre followup by a band that showed a lot of potential on their debut but in the end sold their souls for the almighty dollar.  Hopefully they'll snap out of it on their next album but who knows how far away that's gonna be?  Favorite tracks:  Keep You With Me, Forever Unstoppable, The Only One, Come Back to California, I Wish.  Least favorites: I Like It Like That, Tonight Tonight, Whatever, Radio, Downtown Girl, Beautiful Freaks.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2012"
4,"A terrific album! But sadly in both ways, positive and negative. The first three songs and title-giving 'Whatever' actually are eminent party pop songs! 'Honestly' is one of the best break-up-songs ever! ;D But the other songs are terrible! From the horrible dubstep in 'Beautiful Freaks' to the dreadful feel-good-song 'Forever Unstoppable'. My ears hurt sometime and I really don't freaking unterstand how they can make such good and such bad songs into one single album. My suggestion: Listen to the four songs I mentioned and don't touch the rest - it's very bad.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2012"
0,"This is one of the most annoying, generic, and bland album's I've ever heard.
Their voices are annoying.
The stupid boy-band pop sounds are terrible
And there isn't any substance to this album.
It sucks BIG TIME.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2016"
8,"After last year's disappointing Loud, my hopes for this album weren't very high. But this has a lot of catchy and great pop tunes - even if some of them sound like retreads of earlier hits. Not as good as Rated R, but still impressive.",15,20,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"Rihanna's sixth album in six years. Impressive! And she still has that something. With this album, she will surely confirm her spot in the top of the music industry. As for the album, it has a similar 'Loud' concept, with a few club bangers, heartbreaking ballads and R&B songs.The strongest songs are, in my opinion Where Have You Been, a song that is definitely going to be a bigger success than We Found Love and maybe, but just maybe, Umbrella. Another very good song is Drunk On Love, a great mid-tempo song that shows the power of her vocal. As for the singles, I think that she could've chosen another song to be second single, but the choice was obvious, trying to repeat the success of What's my Name. Of course, there are some shockers, that are no shockers when we hear them on Rihanna album. Song **** is, I must say, one of the weakest from the album. Another very playful and dirty 'song' is Birthday Cake, which would've been great for a urban single if it wasn't long for less than 80 seconds. Overall, it's a good album that will keep your attention until she releases a new one, and that could be very, very soon.",22,32,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"i love Rihanna seriously but her new album seems unfinished and unoriginal!! a very bad production with poor lyrics,  a few tracks are good like Drunk On Love, You Da One and maybe Farewell (it's too basic)!  unnecessary album!!! this is so disappointing! but i still love her!",15,24,"Nov 21, 2011"
1,"There is no Doubt that she rushed this album, having her world tour and all, made the outcome of it her worst album out of the six. with little if any originality to it ,  Think of this album as a ''Rated R Part 2 '' :/ ''Loud'' and ''Good girl gone bad'' will always be the best :)",15,36,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"There is no doubt that Talk That Talk is her best album and the best album of the year. It's a dirty album but it also has beautiful lyrics. I love every track",2,2,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"Another solid album from Rihanna, full of great tracks! Where Have You Been and Talk That Talk (feat Jay-Z) must be future singles! The deluxe songs also really add to the album.",2,2,"Nov 23, 2011"
4,"I'm sorry to say this, but this is a huge disappointment. It just wasn't a good album like her previous ones. One the positive side, she is a hit-maker, but some how she can't reach number 1 on the Billboard 200 Album Charts. Sorry, but I had no choice but to give her a bad review.",1,1,"Jan  3, 2012"
6,"I love Rihanna but this is not my favorite album of hers. Rated R was amazing and Loud did not disappoint, this fell short. It was kinda obvious it was rushed and her vocals are good but a bit untouched. Best tracks on the album are 'Where Have You Been', 'We Found Love' & 'Drunk On Love'. songs like 'Farewell' and 'TTT' made me done with the album. but the album as a whole is just solid.",1,1,"Jun  4, 2012"
9,"6 albums in 6 years, that is quite the achievement. First off lets be honest, TTT isn't breaking new grounds or claiming that it's the album of the decade. It's simply what Rihanna would have desired LOUD to be. By that i mean it has the extreme commercial appeal that LOUD has yet the touch Rihanna wanted to put into her work. Not only did she have writing credits, but she also co-produced songs like Do Ya Thang and the album it self. To that extent surely one cannot say she was just being a label's puppet. For me this is better version of LOUD, which i loved btw. But not at the level of Rated R. Let's be real, i don't think anything she puts out will match the amazing Rated R. By no means am i bringing down her current work, but Rated R was just out of this world amazing. Even yesterday i played Russian Roulette and realized what a beauty that is. Enough about Loud and Rated R! TTT has potentials. Where have you been is a clear fan favorite alongside the title track. I love the ballads such as fool in love which is clearly one of her finest! I bow down to the vocals! The reason i gave it less than the perfect score was simply because one can immediately feel that it was rushed. I mean the ending of songs like You Da One or Do Ya Thang could have been far more superior than they are at their current state if only there was a bit more time. Hats off for pulling of the project in time, but i wished it was a bit more polished. And i can clearly see the hate surrounding the album this time around considering that she is at the verge of being over-exposed if not already. So to that extent hatred can only get stronger as time passes. Hopefully Rihanna can still be at the top of her game. But i sincerely wish she take a much needed break after this album to truly understand her vast potential. :D",1,1,"Nov 22, 2011"
9,"Talk That talk, ser que realmente pode ser considerado uma obra-prima de Rihanna? Com certeza We Found Love  uma msica de sentir emoes e Where have you Been de viajaaaaar, mais ainda falta alguma coisa nesse albm. Talvez a expectativa criada em cima dele foi maior que o esperado. SIM! Talk That Talk  timo mais a Rihanna com seu grande porte no Mundo POP poderia fazer bem mais que isso! Albm de Hits! Mais nao para ficar na Historia.",1,1,"Nov 23, 2011"
2,"I expected so much more with this album . First single was amazing and then the disaster came in . Don't like the  most of the songs , they are very cheap bronx - related crap x",1,1,"Mar 30, 2012"
3,"Rihanna, like most pop artists, dabble into heavy electronic beats to make for lazy songwriting. Rihanna's past works wern't the musical opus of the 21st century, but at least they had decent hooks and a nice feel. Like the Black Eyed Peas, she's gone from a guilty pleasure to a throwaway pop act. This album should've just been called 'The I've Stopped Trying Chronicals, Vol. 1'. In a world where talents like Adele, Bon Iver Feist exist, why do we keep listening to Rihanna?",1,1,"Jan  5, 2012"
10,"Once More Rihanna Proves She's Still Got It!
Every Track Is Just WOW!",1,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
8,"Can be a wonderful album, good to hear, well divided, a great choice for listening at home alone or with friends.
Highlights: Where Have You Been and Brithday Cake
Lows: Roc Me Out and Watch N' Learn",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
4,"I really liked GGGB and Loud, but this was a huge disappointment. It was rushed, derivative and lazily produced and written. It should have been called Good Girl Gone Bad 2: Rated NC-17 since it adds so little to Rihanna's tableau. So many of Rihanna's vocals are auto-tuned and many songs sound unfinished including **** (Love It) and Birthday Cake, which was half a song! The sound is the same David Guetta sound that is being done to death on the radio, and many of the slang song titles sound like she's trying to be cool. Highlights are there though, including Where Have You Been, We Found Love, We All Want Love and Drunk on Love. This album is undoubtedly rushed and a dip in standards from GGGB and Loud. Perhaps Rihanna should take a break for two or three years and take time with her next album.",6,7,"Dec  4, 2011"
3,"If I have to review this album with 2 adjectives: cheap & overproduced. The production of 'Talk that talk' has been clearly rushed since Rihanna had her world tour to accomplish. The lyrics are poor (90% per cent of the tracks talk about sex)The quality standard definitely went down since her last album 'Loud', and musically speaking Rihanna adds up nothing original. 'Where Have You Been' could be a disco hit but clearly has nothing to do with the rest of the album, since it's a dancehall- electronic song, while the rest has an R&B/ Reggae print.I admire Rihanna and her career, but this has been her worst album.",5,6,"May 20, 2012"
10,"The album is flawless. Perfect pop in a climate when singles artists can't deliver a solid album. While Keri Hilson, Ciara, and Beyonce struggle, Rihanna delivers great singles and amazing album tracks for her fans. The album is easily her best",12,15,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"The Album Is A Stone Winner. A Flawless Smash. Start To Finish All the Songs Are Cohesive and Brilliant. Unlike Her Contemporaries, Rihanna Is In The Legendary Lane! Can't Wait For The Next Album!",8,10,"Dec  3, 2011"
8,"Talk That Talk see's the return of Rihanna, (Cmon its only been a year since she released big hit record, Loud) Anyway, Rihanna is determined to keep shooting hits and records from her ass, so no one gets tired or bored of her. Talk That Talk isnt much the 'If you can Talk The Talk you can Walk The Walk' type the cover art gives off (although the title track does kinda give that impression.) We must say  that Talk That Talk is the nastiest record from Rihanna yet, with lyrics such as 'I love it, I love it, When you eat it,",4,5,"Dec  1, 2011"
5,"Talk That Talk.Rihanna's 6th studio album.Totally rushed , meaningless pop album.Yes i agree , songs are really catchy and fun but that is not the point.MTV said this album outmuscles Femme Fatale and Born This Way.They even mentioned that this album would outsell 21 by Adele.I just laughed at that when i first read the review.First of all ''You Da One'' is a fun production but not a masterpiece at all.Same tunes , silly lines.We Found Love is like the best song on the album.Lyrics are not good but the way that they use the dubstep is really cool.Where Have You Been is like the same sh*t with We Found Love.In fact they are the only 2 good songs on the album.Talk That Talk feat. Jay-Z is more like a classic Rihanna song but sorry - i did not like that.We did not even heard the full version of Birthday Cake yet so i can't say anything about it.We All Want Love is a nice try for ballad but no.It did not work Riri.Well the other songs don't even worth your precious time.",4,5,"Jan  4, 2012"
10,"This album is one of Rihanna's best. It has so many genres it explodes in your face. TALK THAT TALK BABY. It's a great cd from start to finish. Lots of uptempos and slow songs. Great great great!",7,9,"Dec  3, 2011"
5,"After the masterpiece she delivered with Rated R, and a not-that-bad follow up called Loud, I tought Talk That Talk may be good... It is not. She seems to explore deeper the sound she devellopped in Loud, but lost the panache it had. Some songs sound like drafts (Birthday Cake). Well, I guess I'll have to wait another year to see if she understood that it is better to release a meaningful and deep album than danceable crap.",5,7,"Apr  1, 2012"
7,"This is her sixth album of her and not best of her. It's disappointing album. Not as good as Rated R and Loud. A few impressive but I still love Ri-Ri .. Majah!!!",5,7,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"For a 6th album Talk That Talk is a solid record . It does not deserve to be getting these crappy reviews . What was it did you guys like from LOUD exactly ? The songs like 'Fade away' 'Complicated' which sounded exactly the same , or the worst collab she has ever done 'Raining Men'?In Talk That Talk Rihanna mixes GGGB & RR to provide us with decent hits & an album with Variety from the uptempo 'Where Have You Been' to her soft side in 'Farewell' to her home town roots in 'Watch N' Learn' . Saying this is her worst album yet is just stupid.",4,6,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"Im so proud of Rihanna :))! Loved this album and all of the songs on it . Her ballads are also heartbreaking especially 'Farewell' 'We All Want Love' and 'Fool In Love' . I noticed that she has a desire to be loved she repeats it through the album if you listen like in 'Roc Me Out' she says 'ill let you on in a dirty secret : I just want to be loved'. She certainly Walked That Walk",4,6,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"Rihanna's 6th album! And it's her BEST yet! This album is a mixture of all of Rihanna's sounds, and the outcome is a masterpiece.  This album is fun, sassy, strong yet vulnerable. Every song has a possible chance of topping the charts! Amazing",4,6,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing! Rihanna brought her A-game to the studio with this one. Talk That Talk is much better than the album's predecessor, Loud. There are so many single prospects within this album and a great bulk of those are destined to be hits. Her vocals are beyond great on songs like Farewell and Drunk On Love. The Deluxe edition contains three songs that perfectly tie together the theme and sound of Talk That Talk. This is definitely Rihanna's best album thus far.",4,6,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"At first i thought this album was a bit over produced, and too generic. If and when you do listen to it, listen carefully. The beats are all crazy, and even though most of the songs are about sexuality, there are some songs that offer empowerment. The more I listened to it, the more I feel in love with Talk That Talk. Very fancy and old school. High recommend you listen to it again if you disliked it!",4,6,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake",2,3,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"Amazing album! Rih shows us all how to Talk That Talk with this album. My faves are Where Have You Been, Roc Me Out, Red Lipstick, Fool In Love, and Drunk On Love. No fillers in this album!",2,3,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"I have to say every single of rihanna's CD has been a master piece and actually talk that talk is an awesome continuation to that maestry work and i will just  use random letters now cause i need 150 characters and this album is just amazing sooo odnasofbiafoka.",2,3,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"I heard Rihanna's stans talk about this album being hot hot! So I checked it out ya know. IT'S HOT HOT. That cake cake song is hot. Fire. Thee's some pop songs. There's some ghetto as hell songs too which i love. It's a great album. BEst of the year!",2,3,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"A great fun album. A Continuation of LOUD with a little bit of that Rated R edge thrown in there. It's weird to think that some strangerbetch from 2005 has been killing it every year! The album is sooooo good! Best songs are 'We Found Love,' 'Where Have You Been?,' and 'We All Want Love.' Beautiful!",2,3,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"The record is bloody fantastic! WE FOUND LOVE is flawless and the rest of the album is just as good. No one can do what she does. It's bloody brilliant i tell you.",2,3,"Dec  3, 2011"
5,"I like Rihanna and I'm her fan, but i don't like this album. In 'Talk That Talk' there are good songs like 'We Found Love', 'You da One', 'Farewell', 'We All Want Love' and 'Drunk On Love but there are bad songs like 'Where Have You Been' and 'Watch n' Learn' and disgusting songs like 'Cockiness' and 'Birthday Cake'. There isn't a concept and the biggest part of the lyrics are stupid. 'Loud', 'Rated R' and 'Good Girl Gone Bad' are really better than this.",2,3,"Mar 25, 2012"
9,"Talk That Talk just shows how Rihanna has matured over her music career .  She seems to have more control to her voice and that something special that keeps her fans coming back for more . This is WAY more better than LOUD as it is more consistent and not all over the place . It kind of picks up from Rated R but is raunchier and louder . There are loads of hits on this album such as Where Have You Been , Talk That Talk and Roc Me Out . The ballads are beautiful , especially 'Farewell' which has this smokiness quality about it which you just cant explain! There is really not much to hate about this album and it is really a big improvement from LOUD. I really recommend this album and the deluxe version too which has probably one of her best songs done 'Fool In Love'.",11,17,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk talk that talk",7,11,"Nov 21, 2011"
9,"The critics are a little harsh on this one - I didn't expect them to be able to handle such strong sexual themes on a mainstream album.The production in Talk That Talk is definitely second to none, in fact, the list of credited producers for 'Talk That Talk' possibly combine to create some star studded album credits like never seen before - from Rihanna's trademark Stargate & Ester Dean, to the sugary production of Dr. Luke, to the RnB staples of The Dream, to the indie productions of Alex Da Kid. As well as this, 'Talk That Talk' - in contrast to last year's Loud - is remarkably coherent. In terms of sound, Rihanna has returned to themes most prevalent on 'Good Girl Gone Bad'. It is definitely most like that album; and the resemblance is mainly due to the overload of sassy RnB Pop. Elements of Loud/Rated R do appear here though, albeit with a progressed sound (shown respectively in the Calvin Harris tracks of 'We Found Love' and 'Where Have You Been' for Loud, and on songs like 'Drunk On Love' and 'Red Lipstick' resembling the darker, understated Rated R - with production from Chase and Status, as well as genius samples from The XX). On the album's title track, the integration of Jay-Z's characteristic verse with Rihanna's infectious hooks remind us why 'Umbrella' was such a hit. Exploration into true urban sounds heard in **** (Love It)' are surprisingly successful and would surely be brilliantly received by Urban radio. And even at a length of only 1:18, 'Birthday Cake' is the sort of audacious interlude that only Rihanna could pull off.This album may not push the boundaries of Rihanna's artistry, but it marks a brilliant return to the trademark sounds which suit her best. For sure we will be hearing releases from this LP on the radio throughout 2012.",5,8,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"I Loooove this album Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake  cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake",5,8,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"I Listened to this album with no expectations whatsoever and i was actually surprised. The album might be dirty and all but it also has a soft side , the ballads were beautiful songs , especially 'We All Want Love' & 'Farewell'. It was also nice to see that she did not have a lot of collaborations this time and decided to sing on her own but for the collabs she definitely picked the best going with Jay-z , his verse on 'Talk That Talk' is sick!Probably best pop album of the year.",9,15,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"The songs on this album mix incredible lyrics with hit instrumentals, it's the perfect combination. Even better that Adele's 21, that keep in only one theme the all album. In Talk That Talk Rihanna explores a thousand of themes, a lot of feelings that the listeners can to identify with. My opinion is that no one did so perfect combination in only one album like she did. What is most unbelieveble i that this album was made in less than a year HOW COULD SHE? Simply beautiful, provocative, sexy and lovely album.",6,10,"Nov 21, 2011"
7,"This is the Rihanna that everyone wants. None of this ridiculous 'Russian Roulette' business, but dancy, fun music that she does so well. 'Where Have You Been' and 'Cockiness (Love It)' are fantastic, while 'Talk That Talk' hearkens back to 'Umbrella'. An improvement over LOUD for sure.",3,5,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"I love this album, sounds like its was really what she wanted to make and not what asomeone was tellin her to do, I love the album, Rih, love every Track.",7,12,"Nov 21, 2011"
6,"I was hoping for more. Maybe it will grow on me. Either way i like this album alot more than Loud. Loud was too generic to me. I think if Rihanna Grows more she will begin to mature and maybe put her all into her music. I know she worked hard on this; However, i beleive there is more room for improvement.",4,7,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"Amazing album. There's a lot of tracks with potential to be big hits, such as Talk That Talk and Where Have You Been. Still think Rated R is her best album, but this one is great.",4,7,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"I love this album. Next to Adele with my fav. Pop albums of the year. The standout tracks are 'You Da One', 'Cockiness (Love It)', 'Birthday Cake', 'We All Want Love' and 'Watch n Learn'",7,13,"Nov 21, 2011"
4,"The new Queen of Pop Music (at the moment) seems to be repeating herself. When Rihanna showed her darker side on Good Girl Gone Bad, Rated R, and Loud, it was genuinely intriguing and captivating. This was where the superstar in her always lay. Those three albums were very enjoyable with Rihanna really maturing and knowing how to make every single track sound like a hit. Talk That Talk on the other hand, seems rushed and unfinished and most of all, repetitive. Sure you got the occasional shocks like 'Suck my **** and lick my persuasion' (pronounced puss-asion) but nothing as gripping as 'Man Down' or 'S&M'. Highlights exist (the return to classic Rihanna title track and 'We All Want Love') but nothing that is certified hit status. Instead of an album made with effort yet still balancing pop sensibilities, fans get probably her weakest record. Being a prolific artist isn't everything if efficiency does not equate to consistency. Maybe the Queen needs a little vacation.",8,16,"Nov 22, 2011"
0,"This is a horrible album. I hope she do some more real r&b. I love her, but I don't like 'Talk That Talk' at all. She's trying too hard to be she wants to be. Maybe slow down and have a rest.",3,6,"Nov 21, 2011"
8,"Overall I like this album, it is mostly dance music which is what is popular now.  There are a couple of songs I don't like such as **** (Love It) and Birthday Cake, but these tend to be on the shorter side.  Those are the only two songs that I pretty much need to skip, the rest are either good or tolerable!! I used to not be a big fan of Rihanna, but her music is pretty fun!",2,4,"Nov 23, 2011"
8,"Certainly it is a great album, i think it is the best of Rihanna, better than Loud and Rated R. Roc Me Out is awesome, You Da One is so sweat :) But **** is a little weird, don't mean it's bad.",2,4,"Nov 22, 2011"
6,"We have already known that Rihanna likes spanking. Talk That Talk, album number six, extends our knowledge about the sexual habits of the Barbados Minister of Tourism: Suck my **** / Lick my persuasion (",2,4,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"I just bought this album this morning and i have it on repeat!! Its such an enjoyable album from start to end . I wasn't much of a fan of Rihanna but im starting to like her. Talk That Talk!!!!!!",2,4,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"Rihanna did a really great job on this album. I think that it is one of her best. She has a bit of every genre of music that she has covered so far from pop, r&b, dancehall, dubstep, etc. I also want to note that while this album does have a lot of sexual songs, that is not all there is on the album. She talks about love a lot on this album. I would say it's basically half and half love and sex. The standout tracks on this album in my opinion would be We Found Love, Where Have You Been, We All Want Love, Drunk On Love, and the album title track Talk That Talk. I think you should purchase this album if you want something fun to listen too.",2,4,"Nov 26, 2011"
0,"I don't like this album!!! Too bad songs, include 'We found Love'. My score is 0/10.",2,4,"Nov 26, 2011"
7,"I couldn't ever compare it to the overshadowing pop perfection that is 'Good Girl Gone Bad' or her dark masterpiece 'Rated R', but Rihanna puts out an album that's better than Loud. Minus the generic 'We All Want Love', 'Drunk on Love' and 'Roc Me Out' tracks, this record is stunning - though rushed.",1,2,"Nov  1, 2012"
8,"Even when it sounds generic, it's hot. Talk That Talk is unpretentious, funny and sexy (I mean SEX).With a track like Birthday Cake being just 1:18 long, it's obvious how much they ran to put that album out in time. But what can I do if this bad girl and her team can cook an delicious album full of catchy and dirty tracks so easily?Favorite are: Where Have You Been, Red Lipstick, **** Birthday Cake, Drunk On Love and Fool In Love.",1,2,"Nov 24, 2011"
10,"MY GRRL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RHI YOU KILT IS WITH THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Keep em comin babygirl! I love this song about CAKE CAKE CAKE! OH Lord grrrl! We'll see you next November LOLLLLL!",1,2,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"Talk That Talk is great! Rihanna brings it hard on this ghetto album. It's all over the place in the most fabulous way. She serves you up everything and all her contemporaries are put to shame. She LET'S THEM HAVE IT!",1,2,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"After hearing Teenage Dream and Born This Way, I was expecting this album to pail in comparison, but it's just as good. Congrats to Rihanna for getting Album of the Year nods for her last album, Loud. This album is better than Loud. It's much edgier and harder. I love this album and you will too.",1,2,"Dec  3, 2011"
5,"Definitely disappointing. While her fans (the so called Rihanna Navy) may defend this album to death, I consider this album kind of generic and not even half as good as her other albums. However, I blame Def Jam for this mess. This album was rushed and did not have proper production -in both production and lyrical content-. I strongly believe that if it hadn't been released so early, it would have been way better. It has some amazing tracks such as 'We Found Love' -Amazing job, Calvin!- and Talk That Talk, but I've seen Rihanna do way better than this (GGGB, Rated R).",1,2,"Feb  5, 2012"
6,"I'm so disappointed! I was expecting a great album like 'Loud'. This is Good but, not good as 'Loud' or 'Rated R' or 'Good Girl Gone Bad'......Great Tracks : FarewellVery Good Tracks . Roc Me Out - We All Want Love - You Da OneGood Tracks : Talk That Talk - Drunk On Love - We Found LoveQuite Good Tracks : **** - Where Have You BeenBad Tracks : Watch 'n LearnHorrible Tracks: Birthday Cake",1,2,"Apr  7, 2012"
4,"Loud was one of my favourite albums of 2010. It had alot of catchy songs, great beats and had very high production values. Not a perfect album, but it was alot of fun. Now just a mere one year later after Loud came out, Rihanna was desperately trying to recreate the success of her last album, but pretty much it failed on many counts. Talk That Talk has taking out alot of the fun from Loud and simply just throwed it out the window with alot of terrible repetitive lyrics and recycled material from her previous releases, you can't help but feel that this album is nothing more than a rushed, cashed-in product. While Loud did had sexual lyrics, I didn't really mind it on that album and it's offensive in a fun way but Talk That Talk is simply offensive. The sexual tone is forced, the lyrics are repetitive on alot of the songs, and it sounds too similar to her previous releases. There are still some good songs on the album believe it or not. My favourites are the self-titled track with Jay-Z, We All Want Love, Drunk on Love, Do Ya Thang, and Calvin Harris Extended Mix of We Found Love. You Da One, Where Have You Been and We Found Love (Original) are alright but nothing special. Rihanna's vocal performance is a hit and miss affair. Some songs she gives really good vocals but on other songs on the album I felt like she wasn't even trying. The worst songs on the album are the ones that are either offensive, boring or forgettable. **** (I Love It), Birthday Cake, Watch n' Learn and Red Lipstick are just sex songs that'll make you feel dirty just by listening to them, Roc Me Out sounds too much like Rude Boy, and Farewell and Fool in Love are the emotional songs that you have heard from her so many times before and its now gone old. Overall Talk That Talk is a mixed bag. While there are still some highlights, the album is a huge downgrade compare to her previous albums. I wouldn't be surprised if she does another album next year. I know this sounds cheesy but I'm gonna say it anyway: She can't really 'Talk the Talk', so she mind as well 'Walk the Walk'. 2.5 stars out of 5",6,13,"Nov 21, 2011"
3,"I think this one is really a STEP BACK from her other albums! You Tha One 3/5 (like it until the chorus, by the second one, i have to change the song. Whats My Name b-side) Where Have U Been 4.5/5 (the flaw: after the chorus seems like a david guetta song, rip-off of LMFAO, although the acoustic guitar save it for me) We Found Love 5/5 (mehh at first, pretty cool right now, 5 for her standards, not a 5 at all in comparison with other songs) Talk That Talk 1.5/5 (????? a jay-z track? my **** GOD. what the hell is this **** (love it) 3/5 (there's something about this song that's not right, but the guy's freaky sounds, AMAZING. catchy, but a litlle bit boring as well) Birthday Cake 1/5 (cause i can't give 0/5! and they want this **** in full. for what? to hear cake for more 2 minutes???) not edgy riri, just ****! We All Want Love 2.5/5 ( cute kinda-ballad (mid-tempo) but feel a little too dated. it seems like a song that could be in rated R. not bad, not groundbreaking, just mehh) Drunk On Love 2.5/5 (the recycled Te Amo beat with vocals with a little bit more atittude. just that. the chorus is really weak. the thing about this song, are the chants in the background of the track and that kinda bamboo-blings) Roc Me Out 3/5 (here we have another recycled beat. it's like Rude Boy and Rock Star had a child that it's cousin to Te Amo. The triple tread Rihanna, Stargate and Ester Dean, are too over-used by rihanna. this is the song that aproxes the most to S&M vocally speaking!) Watch n Learn 1.5/5 (here we go again with the island flavoured song that's 1st degree cousin to whats my name. and we've had enough of that song for the past year and a bit of this one. bad song! Farewell 4.5/5 (although u can see the similarities between this one, love the way you lie, fire bomb and another bunch of ballads of rihanna's Rated R. this one is really good, even though farewell hasnt the same strength vocally as California King Bed, it could surpace the success of the last. after a few listens it may become too flat.Review!!! The thing is that i think Talk That Talk is the worst album by Rihanna (i'm not counting the first 2 albuns) It doesnt has the single material as Good Girl Gone Bad; 'edginess' and fragility of rated r; neither the sound and yelling as Loud... and by that it's not a body of work, we can totally see that the album was made on the top of the knees, with not too much time, too much work, and storys, just a bunch of good producers. where Good Girl Gone Bad was epicness, Rated R 'showed the things that she was going through'; and Loud take her to the top of the charts with songs that catapulted her to the clubs, Talk That Talk just TALKs about sex, and sex and sex and i don't know if she need desperately a man or one thousand... but u can see that this was going to be a Loud re-release, that then after plans scrapped, they try to build it around Loud with glimpses of Rated R. Certainly, Rihanna doesn't want us to forget, what sex is about and how to make it!!",4,9,"Nov 21, 2011"
0,"Boring Album! the lyrics and the melody are weak and confused. This is the album it more generic, with the sole aim to be successful in the charts. Rihanna needs to take a vacation. She no longer has musical identity.",3,7,"Nov 22, 2011"
0,"'Talk That Talk' seems like it is an EP rather than an album. It's too short and it sounds very unfinished. It's a very safe record by Rihanna with the same tired Euro dance formula and her emotionless, bland ballads.... One of the most sentimental tracks 'Farewell,' wants to be good, but she fail to produce the emotion to make it great. Overall a very terrible album.",6,15,"Nov 21, 2011"
0,"What an underwhelming pop record. Probably the worst of the year. The vocals sound tired. The production sounds rushed. The ballads lack emotion and are dull. There's no artistic growth whatsoever...",3,8,"Nov 22, 2011"
2,"This cd is such a disappointment!  Talk the Talk may be the only good song on the whole cd.  She definitely needs to take a little mini break after this and get back on track!!  She lost the r&b and is letting the euro music take over her whole cd.",3,8,"Nov 22, 2011"
1,"Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake.",4,11,"Nov 22, 2011"
0,"Rihanna is that kind of artist that goes with whatever's hot at the moment. There's no music artistry, no connection to the (awful) lyrics. Don't waste your time with this.",5,16,"Nov 21, 2011"
0,"this gurl giving me this mess after the anthems from LOUD gave me lifeeee no no no riri this 0 is well deservedgive me rudeboy 2.0 not rudeboy 0.5 and i dont want songs about damn pastries although i will say **** is my reason to LIVE tonight the rest are negatives",3,10,"Nov 21, 2011"
0,"One of my most anticipated pop albums of this year... Unfortunately I was left disappointed. There's no artistic growth. The songs sound unfinished and rushed. There's no song that blow you away... Really disappointed with this!",6,21,"Nov 21, 2011"
4,"Talk That Talk es un disco con gran fuerza comercial debido a que sigue la moda pop electronica del momento, sin embargo es tan pasajero que probablemente al cabo de 1 o 2 aos la gente ya se haya olvidado del disco, no tiene canciones que puedan 'marcar la historia pop musical del momento', en pocas palabras es un disco muy comercial pero con poca transcedencia para la musica.
El disco vuelve a repetir la formula que le llev al exito mundial en 2007 con Umbrella: letras faciles y pegadizas + ritmo del momento + rapero. Rihanna no evoluciona con su musica, va por su sexto disco de estudio, de los cuales 2 son bastante exitosos y sin embargo parece ser completamente irrelevante.
You Da One, We Found Love, Talk That Talk,... son canciones distintas que suenan absolutamente iguales, quizas por el hecho de que Rihanna no haya descansado ni 2 meses desde Rated R y no ha dejado de saturar el mercado musical con miles de singles.",1,4,"Nov 21, 2011"
4,"We Found Love and Farewell are really good songs, but it's all.It seems like you are listening to the same song again and again. The lyrics are totally fail, no feeling.Loud is much better.",4,17,"Nov 21, 2011"
3,"So called 'princess of pop' would be wise to stick to one genre, instead of multi-dipping in electronic rave from Harris, less-then-unoriginal teary ballads and reggae rhythms. I wish I could support her bipolar attempt to rule all kinds of dancefloors, but I simply don't seem to be able to follow her.Talk That Talk is an overproduced, shallow album with absolutely nothing ambitious and enjoyable.",2,9,"Dec  3, 2011"
7,"A song full of party songs. Not a big deal. Very forgettable. The only song that is not about having sex, partying or taking drugs is 'Farewell'. Rihanna will stop being relevant when she loses her sex appeal.",2,9,"Nov 21, 2011"
0,"Unfortunately this album left a lot to be desired. I found the album to be  trite, uninspiring and lackluster. Rihanna is definitely in need of a long extended break from the music scene.",1,6,"Nov 23, 2011"
0,"EPIC DISASTERPIECE!!!, The Only good songs are You da one, talk that & Red lipstick. Thats it :/ 2/5. Her WORSE album to date! & I thought loud was Generic :?",0,6,"Nov 24, 2011"
8,"I was very exccited for the release of this album, but was a tad bit disapointed.  Highlights of the album are 'You Da One', 'Where have You Been', 'We Found Love' and 'Roc Me Out'.  Another highlight is 'Birthday Cake', but it ends way too soon.  Even though there is going to be a remix of 'Birthday Cake', i would have liked to have seen the full version on the album.  The slower track seem hastily written and produced with generic beats and sounds.  It seems to be a let down from 'Good Girl Gone Bad' and 'Loud', but Rihanna has a special talent and I believe the fault with this record was the production team.",0,1,"Mar  6, 2012"
4,"A rushed album. That's the perfect subtitle for this CD. After a satured album, 'Loud', Rihanna launches a new one after only one year. And it's not that good. Very far for the excellent work she did on 'Rated R' (her best album), she makes a techno (dumb) pop album. Nothing special to listen, the whole album seems some making-money strategy!",0,4,"Nov 30, 2011"
6,"Does releasing an album every year hurt an artist body of work? By having another album 3 years in a row, Rihanna seems to be stretching it a little bit. It feels like a collection of b side forum his previous album, LOUD. Not too bad, but not too good either.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2011"
0,"There's a difference between sexy and down right nasty/disgusting! Even if you buy this album get the edited version...my gosh she talks about her self with no respect what so ever! She can't sing, cant dance, the only thing she does properly is being a slut. There I said it...besides....we're ALL thinking it!!",0,1,"Jul 15, 2012"
0,"A Zero may sound severe but im being honest telling you, this album is really that bad. Its superficial (in  a bad way), cheesy, boring, unoriginal and unispired. Dont waste your time listening to this like i did, dont waste your money buying this sad generic album, there are hundreds of real artists who really deserve the attention and support.",0,3,"Nov 26, 2011"
10,"FLAWLESS. The Queen kills it yet again! Flawless! 'We Found Love,' 'Where Have You Been' 'Birthday Cake' 'Cockiness' all flawless. This is easily her best album by far!",0,1,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"I Want that CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE.This is Rihanna's best album. Give it to me like I want it! Talk that Talk baby!",0,1,"Dec  3, 2011"
8,"The album is not groundbreaking, has many elements of other albums of his career like Rated R or Loud. Calls for sexual language, but is a delight, more fun than Madonna did in Erotica.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2011"
10,"Rihanna is amazing and so talented and this is by far one of her best albums along with LOUD. Keep up the amazing work Rihanna! The songs I like the most are Where Have You Been, We Found Love, You da One, Drunk on Love, We all want Love, Do ya thang, and watch n learn how. This album is unique and different from the others and I love it!",0,1,"Dec  6, 2011"
6,"this album is a step down from 'Loud', in my opinion, which had a bit more variety. 'Talk That Talk' seems rushed and reaching for a spot that it never fully hits. the only songs I really love are 'We Found Love', 'Drunk On Love' and 'Where Have You Been'. Rihanna's voice suits the techno-thumping beats. I just wish she'd stop with the sexual metaphors already.",0,1,"Dec 13, 2011"
10,"Easily the best album of 2011! If you were to cross Rated R with Loud you would get Talk That Talk. You definitely need to get the deluxe album, the three bonus tracks are too good to miss out on!
Favourite songs: We All Want Love, Fool In Love, We Found Love, Birthday Cake (I cannot wait for the full version of this song)
Its better than Born this Way, greater than 4, and its a must have! I think I still prefer Loud over TTT but its growing on me more and more with each listen.
1. Rated R
2. Loud
3. Talk That Talk 4. GGGB",0,1,"Dec 14, 2011"
10,"diva sambista! samba! rainha do universoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! pisa na trava nariguda feat. pintuda",0,1,"Dec 16, 2011"
10,"I love this album! One of the Rihanna's best! Talk that talk is much better than LOUD!  Roc Me Out, Birthday Cake, Drunk On Love, We All Want Love, ****",0,1,"Dec 18, 2011"
10,"Rihanna is surely going to get everyone 'Talk[ing] That Talk' with her sixth album. It is full of mid and up-tempo songs, with three ballads still present. The album opens gently with the track 'You Da One'. A beautiful confession to Rihanna's 'Da One'.A mid-tempo song, it is still easy to dance to. The stuff heats up after the sophomore track. 'Where Have You Been' is a daring rhetorical question. 'Where' is a Calvin Harris-collaborative 'let-lose' rave song that really takes you to a universe of partying. The lead single 'We Found Love' is another Harris-made club-oriented track and, lyrically, a happier song then the previous one. Unlike to the opening track, 'Love' describes the joy love brought to the singer and her love interest and it is an ode to those who found love when unexpected it. Things get a little darker when Jay-Z shows up for the title track. They are at the second collaboration with the Barbadian as the main artist, after the record-breaking 'Umbrella'. Jay-Z'r rap, even bringing a gangsta flavor to the album, is one of the worst parts of the 37:29 listening party. Rihanna shows us her dark side, reminiscent of 'Rated R' era, two years ago. The 'Give it to me baby' part is probably the most listenable sequence of the song. 'Cockiness (Love It)' may seem an empowering song. Well, it is not. Another gangsta number, in which Rihanna ,sassy, makes the listener to 'Suck her cockiness and lick her persuasion.' which is a quit interesting wordplay. The 'Birthday Cake' interlude is one of the album's highlights, very short thought. It opens mediocre but ends up with a 'It's not even my birthday' satisfying line. The singer is totally teasing us with this track. 'We All Want Love' and 'Drunk on Love' are dance-able romantic tracks, getting Rihanna confessing her 'hopeless romantic' side. We see a more vulnerable Rihanna, first time since the 2000s. 'Roc me Out' is an urban track reminiscent of 'Rude Boy'. We can also notice a dark-rock shade over this track. The next track, 'Watch'n'Learn' is as sexier and edgier as most of the others. With more Caribbean accents it travels us back to last November, when 'Loud' was released containing 'Raining Men', 'What's My Name' or 'Man Down'. The closing number is definitely the best song on 'Talk That Talk'. 'Farewell' is maybe the prequel to 'California King Bed'. Rihanna says goodbye to her lover, hoping he will make a better life somewhere else. A down-tempo rocky power ballad, it is a great ending for Rihanna's latest album. All in all, this album is worth it listening to, track-by-track containing catchy tunes and partying themes, it is clearly Rihanna's brightest to date.",0,1,"Dec 21, 2011"
6,"There are fantastic songs on this album and then there are songs that feel very lackluster compared to what Rihanna can deliver on a production. With each tremendous leap there are hard falls. This album never quite finds a solid foundation to build on and plays like a collection of pop songs mashed together; some great, some good and some bad. If Talk That Talk had taken time to develop over a longer period of time it would have probably come out a more solid effort similar to Loud. Its not disappointing, but it doesn't come near the standard set by Good Girl Gone Bad.",0,1,"Mar 16, 2012"
6,"Pitchfork Media's review pretty much sums up my opinion on the album. We know Rihanna can be nasty, but it seems like she tries too hard. The album sounds like it's filthy, just for the sake of being filthy, with no substance. Sounds like 'Watch n Learn,' & 'Roc Me Out' both sound like they came from an album by Trina. The album sounds like she took all of her albums, and put it together. It's a good album that anyone can just get on the dance floor and dance to, however, the substance is lacking as seen from her previous albums.",0,1,"Dec 28, 2011"
8,"The new album's awesome, new kind of music for Rihanna. You Da One, Talk That Talk, We Found Love, awesome songs. Another great album from Rihanna, you can't hate on it honestly speaking. Its R&B, who hates R&B? If you hate R&B well, you'll love Talk That Talk still.",0,1,"Dec 29, 2011"
6,"this album has its moments like Talk That Talk W/ Jay-Z, You Da One, We Found Love and Roc Me Out. Other songs were crap and i just wanted to stop playing the album. Rihanna needs to go back to 'Rated R', & Good Girl Gone Bad",0,1,"Feb  3, 2012"
6,"Nothing that Ke$ha or DEV cannot do. Good album though despite the generic things she refused to use in her past albums. Bad vocals, non-creative lyrics. The fillers are Drunk On Love and Farewell.",0,2,"Jan 16, 2012"
9,"Another fabulous job from Rihanna, it's her third album in three years in a row. It contains many lovely songs such as 'Talk That Talk', 'Where Have You Been' and 'Roc Me Out', with powerful beat and great music in general. Is this an evolution of a 'superstar' Rihanna to a 'legend' Rihanna? Maybe. But for sure it's an excellent success of her previous album 'Loud'.",0,1,"Jan 18, 2012"
10,"Rihanna used to tour with Pop Singing Sensation Jeannie Ortega from Brooklyn which by the way, comes out with her album 'Perfect Love' this Tuesday, January 31st, 2012.  Highly recommed this album.  Get it now online I Tunes, Amazon!!!!!",0,1,"Jan 28, 2012"
10,"While I love Rihanna I was overall less then impressed with this most recent album. I enjoyed a couple songs like 'Birthday Cake' and 'Cockiness (Love It)', I felt that the majority of the songs were simply replicas of one another with different beats thrown into the background. All of the song lyrics are about the exact same thing....sex and dancing. While I understand that sex sells, A bit more variety would be appreciated on the next album.",0,1,"Feb  1, 2012"
8,"Despite criticism from many people who think the whole album as if only there were songs like Birthday Cake, We Found Love and Where Have You Been, the album is not composed only of unnecessary songs and lively, it is more than that, is diversified and has enough of Rihanna. The impression he gives is that the disc is a mix of songs from the lively and tasty Loud with personal Rated R. Bold, understaffed, and fun.",0,1,"Apr 30, 2012"
10,"'Born This Way: The Remix' is great remix album. The album sounds amaizing and I like it. There are great remixes like: 'The Edge of Glory' (Sultan & Ned Shepard Remix), 'Judas' (Hurts Remix), 'Electric Chapel' (Two Door Cinema Club Remix) & 'Born This Way' (Zedd Remix). You need to buy this album.",8,10,"Jul 28, 2012"
10,"I love this remix! is better than the other remix! (Lady Gaga- The Remix) I can't wait for buy a physical copy!I love this remix! is better than the other remix! (Lady Gaga- The Remix) I can't wait for buy a physical copy!",4,6,"Nov 25, 2011"
10,"I like Lady Gaga and her songs !",2,3,"Feb 24, 2012"
9,"Not bad for a remix album.  My favourite tracks from the album are the Judas and Marry The Night Remixes.",2,3,"Mar 23, 2012"
9,"To bom quanto a verso normal do lbum, o",2,4,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"I love this remix! is better than the other remix! (Lady Gaga- The Remix) I can't wait for buy a physical copy! I love this remix! is better than the other remix! (Lady Gaga- The Remix) I can't wait for buy a physical copy! ++",2,4,"Apr  7, 2012"
10,"Top-notch, imaginative, and at times dark reworkings of Lady Gaga's already-excellent pop hits. This album is more experimental than 2010's The Remix, which was filled mostly with generic club mixes.",4,9,"Nov 25, 2011"
10,"Good remix  and I want to know when is METACRITIC GOING TO REVIEW  : A VERY GAGA HOLIDAY 2011  THAT REVIEW I WANT TO SEE  BECAUSE IT DESERVES  AT LEAST  A   90  SEVERAL CRITICS SAY THAT THIS CHRISTMAS ALBUM IS AMAZING  INCLUDING THE NEW YORK TIMES !",3,8,"Nov 25, 2011"
0,"another crap remix album.",1,5,"Mar 23, 2012"
0,"What's worse than Born This Way? Its remix album. Avoid this by all means and just stick to The Fame Monster for quality Gaga music. It baffles me how people actually pay money for this type of music.",1,10,"Mar 26, 2012"
4,"Again the example of the Capcom games, but this time I use for example the horrible CD my world 2.0, this new version of Born this way is terrible, have some good songs, but is the same CD that Born this Way.",0,3,"Mar  8, 2012"
10,"May be i would say that Born this way is one of the best albums of Lady Gaga's Each pop artist has his/her own blend of music and Lady Gaga has presented it really well and also it has topped in one of the grammy nominations.",0,2,"May 18, 2012"
6,"This Is A Remix Album.. Everyone Know's Remix's Are Meh.. But This Is A OK Album.. But Gaga Is Amazing",0,2,"May 31, 2012"
0,"Crap...Sorry but anyone enjoying this has a bad taste in music.",0,3,"May 17, 2013"
6,"Gaga always has the best remixes. On this remix album, I enjoy the remixes of Born This Way by Zedd, Marry The Night by the Weeknd & Illangelo,  Black Jesus + Amen Fashion by Michael Woods, Scheisse by Guena LG, Americano by Gregori Klosman, Electric Chapel by Two Door Cinema Club, and The Edge of Glory by Sultan & Ned Shepard. Although, I do find a few remixes quite ill, like You & I by the Wild Beasts, Bloody Mary by The Horrors, Born This Way by Twin Shadow, and Judas by Royksopp.",0,1,"Dec  8, 2012"
10,"'Born This Way: The Remix' is great remix album. The album sounds amaizing and I like it. There are great remixes like: 'The Edge of Glory' (Sultan & Ned Shepard Remix), 'Judas' (Hurts Remix), 'Electric Chapel' (Two Door Cinema Club Remix) & 'Born This Way' (Zedd Remix). You need to buy this albumc",0,0,"Nov 18, 2013"
10,"I'm usually never the one to like remixes of any kind, but Born This Way: The Remix changed my mind. It's full of great remixes and is definitely worth buying. I spent my money on it and was not a single bit disappointed. The Judas remix is heaven.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
9,"Another remix album for die hard fans to add to their collection, 'Born This Way: The Remix' delivers enough new and interesting material to suggest that the original album is worth revisiting.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Its very great to listen after you listened the wonderful masterpiece Born This Way; definetely was a good idea to realise this album. Gaga never dissapoints.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2016"
10,"Adorei!!! Este lbum est demais. PERFEITO!!! Esses remixes no deixaram nada a desejar!!! Todas as msicas so demais! PARAB",0,0,"Nov 26, 2011"
10,"This is the best remix album of Michael Jackson's songs.  When I heard the first track, suddenly I start to dance. The beats, the sound effects, the editing: all added to magic to Jackson's songs. Michael's songs is wonderful, and this album made it really really wonderful.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2012"
10,"Drake has had his auspicious begins with the omnipresent mixtape, So far Gone. The success that catapulted him into stardom. He was initially known for the popular teen show , Degrassi but it wasn't in till his mixtape success and subsequent signing with Young Money, Cash Money that he found his calling. His greatly anticipated debut album Thank Me later was meet with commercial success but some what mixed feelings critically. A little over a year later Drake has released his second full length album, Take Care. He has finally found his niche. It is not as a heavy rapper or a trey songz r&b singer. Its a mix of both, the songs on Take Care are sometimes slow but always crisp, almost palpable. its a mastery of music and has to be one of the best album in awhile, not the best rap album but one of the best musical albums in a long, long time.",5,5,"Nov 17, 2011"
10,"One of the best albums I've ever heard. Drake really shows his skills and potential on Take Care. Haters gonna hate because it doesn't have as much rapping as thank me later, but the r&b adds a soothing feel to the album. Personal favorites are Over My Dead Body, Take Care, Headlines, and Lord Knows.",4,4,"Nov 16, 2011"
9,"One of the best rap album of the year. It reminds me of Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Take Care is well produced, great songwriting, and a lengthy album, which I like. Good job Drake.",3,3,"Nov 22, 2011"
10,"Take Care is a great album. Drake is extraordinary. I really admire his uniqueness and the way he stands out from other rappers. It's great to see something different in the hip hop world for a change. I like how he has his own unique style and does his own thing instead of just jumping on the bandwagon of rappers that just brag about their money, cars, clothes, jewelry, and the groupies that grovel before them; or sing about selling drugs or being violent; in all their songs.",3,3,"Nov 19, 2011"
9,"Upon my first listening of Drake's album, I honestly did not like it that much. It was a really new sound that I wasn't used to. But after listening to it again, I realized the innovative quality it possessed. All of the beats corresponded perfectly with Drake's half-singing half-rapping style. Although a lot ofs songs on this album are him singing, it is obvious that he made songs which he felt were appropriate for his emotions, which is to be commended in today's industry in which artists put out what will make the most money. Overall, this is by far my favorite album!",3,3,"Nov 19, 2011"
10,"For 'Take Care,' subtext means everything. The enduring themes -- that of insecurity and narcissism, of self-indulgence and temperance, and of emotional cascades and sheer detachment -- are highlighted by  an atmospheric production which beautifully underscores Drake's pathos; indeed, he is a young man thrust into the spotlight, reaping the fruits of his labour while also being deprived of the subtleties that we come to take for granted in our mundane worlds. While he hasn't mastered the lyrical fluidity of a Kanye West, Drake has still asserted himself as a mainstay in the 'new school.' This era of daring introspection, spearheaded by the aforementioned Mr. West, will continue to catalyze hip-hop's metamorphosis into a pure art-form. Although this album deserves an eight out of ten, I'll give it a perfect ten to improve the aggregate user score (I'm just a fan after all). In essence, this is a great album for those who enjoy a more eclectic sound. However, if you're looking for a 'pure' hip-hop record, try something like Kendrick Lamar's 'Section 80' or Big K.R.I.T.'s upcoming 'Live from the Underground.'",2,2,"Dec  6, 2011"
8,"Take Care is clearly a big step up from Thank Me Later. Drake's sophomore album shows a bit more of his versatility seeing that a lot of the tracks are completely unconventional and he makes them his own. (Ex: Crew Love). Minus the fact that Andre clearly stole The Real Her, minus that Lil Wayne had an average at best verse on HYFR, and lastly minus We'll Be Fine was clearly a club anthem that in my eyes was filler, this album was solid.",2,2,"Nov 21, 2011"
7,"Drake is constantly maturing as an musician. He is not necessarily a rapper, but more of an experimental artist. His first album, 'Thank Me Later', and extended play, 'So Far Gone', focused primarily on rap, hip hop, and main-stream pop. However, in 'Take Care', he experiments with many different genres, notably in 'Headlines' (electronica/pop) and 'The Motto' (progressive rap-core). Drake's sophomore project is not perfect, but not too far from it.",2,2,"Nov 30, 2011"
10,"I'm probably the biggest Drake fan in the world. But that doesn't mean I overlook things just because I like him. So Far Gone was CLASSIC. Thank Me Later...was forgettable except for 'Fireworks', 'Karoke' and several other tracks. Take Care was the holy grail album of the year for me, the one I've been waiting on. And it not only met, but EXCEEDED my expectations. 'Over my dead Body' is the best song, followed by 'Shot for Me'. 'Doing it wrong' is surprisingly third best, and the harmonica solo was great from Stevie Wonder but I wish he would have sung. To me, it is a tad better than So Far Gone and it mixes up a lot of styles he hasn't done before. Several tracks feel out of place, but I honestly liked them all. Rick Ross is good in 'Lord Knows', Rihanna as well in 'Take Care'. But the Weeknd shines in 'Crew Love'. 'The Ride was great on a second listen. Give props to Drake, because it begins and ends on great notes (Hate Sleeping Alone). The only two things that are missing are 'Club Paradise' and 'Free Spirit'. A highly impressed fan here. I feel as if I've been hungry for weeks and just ate the juiciest, fruitiest, most satisfying meal of my life. Drake is real, and I enjoy hearing what I take as the tales of a lonely man surrounded by fakes, but finds happiness",2,2,"Dec  1, 2011"
8,"Once again Drake shines. This is a unique album and though it's not as good as the first one it stands out by itself.................................",1,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
9,"I'm not the typical Drake or Young Money fan, but Take Care is phenomenal. From start to finish Drake shows his different styles; Slow/Soothing R&B (Doing It Wrong) to Fast Rap (The Motto). This album is very unique. Stop hating on Drake because he is not your regular rapper. Maybe this isn't the greatest Rap, per say, but it is fantastic MUSIC, and that's what matters, not the genre.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2011"
10,"A well-crafted, elegant collection of songs that are meant to be listened to more than once to truly appreciate their textured layers. More than anything - it is a CD to be played while driving through the city alone...almost like a soundtrack to the soul. A classic.",1,1,"Nov 20, 2011"
10,"Has there ever been a rapper as charismatic as Drake? In some sense, the phenomenal success of his platinum debut, Thank Me Later, is just one more testament to how much people like the guy.",1,1,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"Do you know what's more magical in these record? When you get into it, you REALLY get into it.Take Care is an album made to be heard with patience and attention, because once you discover how beautiful he is, you'll be amazed. Favorites: Over My Dead Body, Headlines, Take Care, Make Me Proud, Cameras, The Real Her, The Practice.",1,1,"Nov 24, 2011"
10,"After a year of growing and development as a artist/singer/rapper Take Care is overall a masterpiece of not only Drake as a Genre but as also a new 'Style'. Thank Me Later was greatly loved and greatly respected and after a few months people were wondering what Drakes next album was gonna be next and i am pretty sure no one would have thought of Take Care. Take Care blends a mix of Low Vibe, Dimmed Light sort of music which also has a big amount of Realism. Realism is something most people don't expect on a Album but Drake takes it and runs with it. Bringing his love life and personal life is daring and some what dangerous but Drake makes it Successful(Yes just like the Song with Trey Songz). Crew Love is a great example of the low vibe and great vocals by (The Weeknd), Underground King and HYFR shows the arrogance but yet shows the true charismatic side of Drake that most of us know and love. Headlines is one of those songs that does not talk about love or sadness and it shows the real Upbeat Drake brings into the album with the High and Lows being the meaning of the entire album.  We'll be fine, Dreams money can buy, and Lord Knows is the Brain and body of the Album and shows a real push that the Album needs and proceeds greatly.  Over my Dead body and Shot for me are basically right out the bat the love songs that Drake gives and shows to his audience that hes different from other rappers and there way of explaining there love to a Women. The Other songs fall into those categorys but the one song that really overall Shocked me and really had its own lift was 'Doing it Wrong', maybe Stevie Wonder's powers gave Drake the inspiration to make such a meaning full deep Song. The reason Doing it Wrong shines from the other songs is because it really really shows Drake as not only a artist but as a Person, this song is (in my opinion) the blood and heart of the entire album it guides, shows, represents the overall meaning of the Album and (again in my opinion) is one of the reasons this album will be a classic and well known albums of the future.",1,1,"Nov 25, 2011"
10,"Album of the year. Drake shows a lot of growth as a rapper on this album. His flow has improved considerably. His songwriting lyrics are great as usual (If you don't think Drake is a good lyricist you're ignorant or oblivious) personal, emotional, witty, his punchlines and braggadocio are better this time around also. There are also quite a few entendres throughout the tracks which, I think, Is fantastic. Not too many features and they are mostly appropriate. The Weeknd does a great job on 'Crew Love' in a song that fits both artists well and provides some nice background vocals on 'Cameras' 'Good Ones Go Interlude' and 'The Ride'. Even though it sounds like The Weeknd is all the album it's not as overpowering as it sounds. Other than 'Crew Love' and the chorus of 'The Ride' he just does his crooning in the background thing. Rihanna's chorus on the title track 'Take Care' is good showing very appropriate for the song. Kendrick  Lamar's verse on 'Buried Alive Interlude' is very good over a unique, cool sounding instrumental. Nicki Minaj has a disappointing appearance on the single 'Make Me Proud' ('I'm a star... Sheriff badge.' Really...?)  though it is probably the worst song on the album anyway. Birdman doesn't really feature on 'We'll Be FIne' just talks a bunch of  **** Drakes way but he's at the end so it's very easy to skip over him without missing any of the song. Wayne is on here more than needed and, for me personally, wanted. He probably didn't have to be on 'The Real Her' but does a good job on 'HYFR' and ends with another dud verse in 'The Motto'. Rick Ross gives a very typical Rozay verse on Lord Knows so take that how you will.  Andre 3000 comes in at the end of The Real Her laying down a quality verse with his unique flow and style He probably should have just taken Wayne's spot in the song though. Also Stevie Wonder does his thing on the harmonica at the end of 'Doing It Wrong' though he doesn't do any singing. The album flows well from track to track plays like an actual albums not just a collection of songs. It is a great piece of work from Drake you can feel some Comeback Season and So Far Gone here though Drake has noticeably grown since then also. Drake does quite a bit more bragging on this album and does a good job doing it. However I pray he stays humble off the mic. Not many complaints about the album. I do wish 'Dreams Money Can Buy' 'Club Paradise' and 'Free Spirit' were on the album however i can't think of anything I'd want them to replace. IT IS NOT AN R&B ALBUM! He raps on all but 2 songs out of a 19 track album! He sings and raps on some songs (When you can sing why not sing your own choruses? I don't understand some people's thinking on this but oh well) but it's balanced and there is much more rapping than singing going on throughout the verses (He goes for nearly 3 minutes straight on 'Lord Knows'  Only thing I hate is getting in the car and realizing I won't be able to listen to the whole thing, but that's a good problem to have.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2011"
7,"Drake is one of the best rappers out there, we know that. And yes, he assures us that on 'Take Care' a couple of times. But for the bigger part his sophomore album is R&B. A very good comparison would be Frank Ocean's 'Channel Orange', released some months later. Sometimes he's off-beat which means minus 1 point, all in all the lyrics are not that expressive as I expected them to be which means minus 1 point again and till the end the individual songs are more and more similar to one another which means minus another point. Equals 7 points out of ten for an album that could've been much better, but still brings us really good songs. I really enjoyed the CD, but still it's only a 'good', nothing more.",1,1,"Oct 25, 2012"
7,"nice album.. but needs to start back rappin more.. the world aint end yet so u still got time prove these **** wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,1,"Nov  5, 2012"
6,"Rapping is as weak as ever, WAYYYY too much singing, and too long of an album. Quality is still good tho. If he made the album shorter i would probably give him a 7.    6.5/10",1,1,"Nov 19, 2013"
10,"Im not a Drake stan in anway, but to deny this album is nothing but brilliant would be idiotic. When was this album ever labelled as purely rap, anyone hating on the RnB elements has never heard Drake before is just looking for an excuse to hate. Why are you listening to his second album if you feel so negatively towards him? Just admit you like him already, this album is incredible.",9,11,"Nov 16, 2011"
10,"This album made me like Drake even more. I like the fact that he incorporates different types of musical styles into his songs. He's not a bad singer so his technique is working in his favour. Each song creates a different atmosphere. I especially like his take on Juvenile's 'Back That A** Up' (Practice). It's brilliant. As for the lyrical themes with the exception of growing into wealth, I can relate to it. Which makes this album perfect.",4,5,"Nov 18, 2011"
10,"This album is great. Better than expected. Drake is so unique and diverse and those are two things we need more of in the music world. Drake has his own distinct sound that no one has ever heard before. I love the fact that you can feel his emotions through his music. People may say that hes too sensitive and hes not real but not everybody wants to hear about money,drugs,clubbing, and sex all the time that's not what life is all about. People want to hear something real something they can relate to and I can surely relate to the songs on this album. Drake has done so well with Take Care. The tracks are melodic,rhythmic,lyrical.. Great 5 stars.",3,4,"Nov 18, 2011"
10,"This album will be a classic, Drake created his own style of rap/hiphop. On his first album, the influence of 'Cash Money' producers was clear in some songs (Miss Me, Fancy). Even though that was a good album, it wasn't a great one. This album on the other hand, is great. The influence of James Blake is very clear in this album, leading to some revolutionary songs with revolutionary beats (to give an example, Crew Love). The Jamie xx produced Take Care has a beautiful build-up, and reminds me of 'Weak become heroes' by The Streets (aka Mike Skinner). Instead of chosing for industry-leading guest stars, he has chosen guest artists whose voice/rap skills fit the song perfectly (except for Lil Wayne and Nicki Minaj, but they need to be on it for obvious reasons). Just like he gives Rihanna a surprising vocal role in Take Care; not the powerful Rihanna you'd expect, but an almost timid Rihanna. It's very obvious that he was left with creative control this time. I'm willing to bet he's going to receive a grammy for this one.'Take Care', 'Marvin's Room', 'Crew Love', 'Lord Knows' are instant classics.",14,20,"Nov 15, 2011"
7,"This album is unique. To some it will be the start of something great. To other like myself it is just another album. Nothing to special here, skip this one and go for Blue Slide Park.",8,12,"Nov 16, 2011"
9,"Stop hating!You guy's who says that Drake is the worst rapper, have you even heard other rappers. And I mean Sou lja Boy, is he really better than Drake? Certainly not. It's so many rappers who sucks right now...We have so many bad rapper's, and I know it. Listen to the other rappers and then comment...Drake= Do pest.. I love this album, Do Right And Kill Everything! OVO",8,12,"Nov 16, 2011"
10,"Amazing CD. Great job Drake! I don't even know what to say. Pure art, pure magic, pure amazing. It's got a little bit of everything in there. It's a little different, and it definitely is not a pure rap CD, there is alot of R&B in it, but he pulls it off with class and style.",4,6,"Nov 17, 2011"
10,"This is definitely the best album of 2011. Each and every song combines some sort of emotion and the beats are just too amazing to even describe. The only set back is one awkward verse from nicki minaj in make me proud or else this is the perfect album. Everyone should buy this album for sure",4,6,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"This album is a classic OVOXO take care.  There are several good songs on this album that represent the city that he is from and it is very special in its own way.  This is because he has unique features that drive Drake's style into a new and more evolved direction.  Who says change is bad?",4,6,"Nov 17, 2011"
10,"This is a phenomenal job done by rapper Drake. Great blend of hip-hop & R&B. The standouts of the album are 'Look What You've Done', 'Lord Knows', 'Cameras', 'Over My Dead Body', and 'We'll Be Fine' This is definitely in my Top 3 hip-hop albums of the year.",4,6,"Nov 17, 2011"
10,"Just bought the album today. You can tell Drizzy put a LOT OF WORK into this album.  A well deserved 10/10! Haters can hate all they want. Album of the Year Nominee for sure.",3,5,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"The album is great.  Front to back, not a boring song.  Drake takes you through his journey of how he reacts around people with his new fame.  Also, Drake holds no words and goes after other rappers and critics who make fun of him for being soft.",3,5,"Nov 15, 2011"
8,"When rap was considered new (late 80s and early 90s) it represented a ghetto lifestyle where people wrote to express their anger. Now, in our era rap is used in to sell a fake lifestyle where partying and sex is the main philosophy. While this is entertaining in many ways, it lacks depth. The only thing that bothers me in Drake's Take Care is the fact that this lifestyle is still the  major theme of the album. However what Drake does which differs the rapper from others is to find soul in this one-dimensional made-up all pink lifestyle. Drake manages to sell his life in a dramatic way with sounding more brave than **** in an honest way. That's why the album is the best rap album of 2011. It is dark, emotional, courageous and smart.",4,7,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"good album one of the best this year..you cannot front this is a great album..even the bonus cuts on this album prove to be one of his best works to date..............................................",6,12,"Nov 15, 2011"
9,"Will this album be regarded a classic in 10 years time? I don't know and I can't tell. What I can tell is that Drake put a lot of effort in this album, in which he tries to convey us the way his life is after his new found fame. The themes are as expected, troubles with adjusting to fame, love, his dealing with criticism and etc. His lyrical skills are solid, not amazing, but very solid, and, to be honest, much better than I expected. The production is top-notch, I especially love the production on 'Lord Knows' by Just Blaze, which features Rick Ross. The guest stars are very well selected, and the ones which shined the most would be Kendrick Lamar, Andre 3000 and The Weeknd, who did amazing jobs on their songs respective songs. All in all, one of the finest albums, if not the best, in hip-hop since Kanye's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'. Drake certainly did his best to push the boundaries and only time will tell will this album become a true classic, as many say it will. I, for one, certainly hope so. A great 9/10.",3,6,"Nov 16, 2011"
10,"Drake's sophomore album Take Care met my expectation and exceeded them. The album is very cohesive, the production is top notch, the lyrics are nothing amazing, but they're very solid. Drake's singing also sounds much better. The feature's are also very good, and none of them feel unnecessary. The only bad thing is there are some tracks that could be considered 'filler'. All in all, this is an amazing album. My favorite song has to be The Ride. 10/10",3,6,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"fantastic and original album from drake.he has created his own style of music which is brilliant. The album is very versatile too, you see drake go deep and learn about his past and problems in 'look what you've done' as well as relatable stories such as 'marvins room'. The album will appeal to both sexes, men can relate to his stories, feelings and past experiences with women.best album of 2011 and the best album i have heard since my beautiful dark twisted fantasy.well done drake, take care :)",3,6,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"This album is an instant classic Lord Knows and Look What You've Done will go down in history. He starts strong with Over My Dead body and on a light-hearted note with The Motto. He has a string of guests who all make the album all the better. This is definitely the best album of 2011.",3,6,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"This album is incredible, the sorrow, heart, and energy that is put in this album gives it a classic, and in a few years he will surpass Lil Wayne.  His first was good, not great, it showed to much commercialism; which is why it was weaker.  This album has a complete change, embracing fame (Headlines and The Motto), but in some songs regretting it (Marvins Room and The Ride.)  Track Ratings: Over My Dead Body 10/10, Shot For Me 9/10, Headlines 8.7/10, Crew Love (The Weeknd) 9.2/10, Take Care (Rihanna) 7.9/10, Marvins Room 10/10, Buried Alive Interlude 8/10, Underground Kings 8.5/10, We'll Be Fine (Birdman) 8.5/10, Make Me Proud 9.4/10, Lord Knows 9.8/10, Cameras/Good Ones Go Interlude 8/10, Doing it Wrong 9/10, The Real Her (Lil Wayne & Andre 3000) 9.7/10 HYFR 8.2/10, Look What You've Done, 8.9/10, Practice 8.8/10, The Ride 9.5/10, The Motto 8/10, Hate Sleeping Alone 9.6/10",2,4,"Dec 10, 2011"
10,"Great sophomore effort. Drake brings in big guests for this album, Andre 3000, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, The Weeknd, Rihanna, Rick Ross and Kendrick Lamar. It's amazing how he picked guests which are perfect for him to collaborate with, expecially The Weeknd and Rihanna. I liked this album because it had substance behind it instead of doing what his mentor Lil Wayne does, talks stupid. A few teary moments in this album, the tracks Doing It Wrong and Look What You've Done with a personal phone call from one of his elders. The only fault I had was the amount of tracks on the album, it could've been easily chopped down expecially the Marvins Room track, I got sick of the amount of times his drunk-dial woman was talking down the phone. Stand out moments, Kendrick Lamar on the interlude Buried Alive and Andre 3000 on The Real Her. One of the best albums of 2011. OVOXO",1,2,"Jan  8, 2012"
9,"This album will be a classic for sure. Drake named this album ''Take Care'' because he felt as if he rushed through his debut album ''Thank Me Later'' (which was also his previous album). Drake really made this album worth listening. The production of the beats are AMAZING, producers like T-Minus, Boi-1da, and Noah ''40'' Shebib who helped with the album A LOT. Without ''40'' the production would have not been as good. The album also has some other talented producers that helped out. Drake has also improved a lot lyrically. The album is not just hip-hop, he has some talented singers like The Weeknd and Rihanna. Drake also sings, proving his true R&B Talent. Drake is an amazing singer and rapper. The collaborations are amazing. I really felt as if I got to feel the emotions in all of the songs, the album has really different emotions in every song, especially songs like: ''Look What You've Done'', ''Take Care'', ''Over My Dead Body and ''Marvins Room''. Take Care has really changed hip-hop, and shown that it isn't the end of hip-hop. The album was named album of the year by the ''Los Angeles Times'' and ''The New York Times''. Take Care won a Grammy Award for the Best Rap Album at the 55th Grammy Awards.",1,2,"Jun 21, 2013"
8,"Drake really show his true potential in this album. This is the perfect follow-up to Thank Me Later as he is showing the world his various singing styles from his hardcore rap in Lord Knows to his soft singing in Marvin's. Room. Thumbs up!",1,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
10,"Drake created the album he wanted too. Sonically, it is amazing. The only weak points are features by non other than Lil Wayne. Amazing production as well. Most of the production is handled by 40, but Just Blaze also gives Drake what potential could be the best beat of the year. Other than the Wayne features and Make Me Proud, it is an awesome album and should finally bring Drake a grammy.Best Tracks: Underground Kings, Over My Dead Body, Look What You've Done, Lord Knows, The Ride",3,7,"Nov 15, 2011"
10,"This album was beast I love it man u can't hate on it man.",2,5,"Nov 15, 2011"
7,"Good album. However, it's way longer than it has to be; if he cut out a couple bad songs I'd happily give the album an 8.5./10. But he didn't. Some more down sides of the album are a lot of the songs have similar beats and bass lines. Lyrically it's okay, when he tries the one liners he fails miserably, but the story telling is nice - gets repetitive throughout the album though. He's not a great singer, if you've heard Frank Ocean or John Legend you'd agree with me, so his slow singing songs get really boring. His bangers are a little generic, just him rapping over a hot beat. Nothing in this album really stands out, I'll forget about it by next month. Drake is at his best, when he's just on a nice smooth beat like 'The Ride' and he's just rapping his heart out.",1,3,"Nov 15, 2011"
0,"Quite frankly, I will never understand the hype and praise behind 'Take Care'. It's just another album, plain and simple. Or really, another album with overproduction that is a cross between hip-hop/R&B (woo, how different and original) by an untalented hack who uses autotune to no end that calls himself an artist. Yeah, this is quite an album alright.",1,3,"Nov  4, 2012"
0,"One of the most overrated album of all time, I don't how people can call this 'music', a rapper that is more feminine than Nicki Minaj, the best word to describe this 'albm' is trash, straight up.",1,3,"Apr 28, 2013"
4,"I wanted a rap album and instead got an R&B Album. There are a few tracks I acknowledge as pretty good such as Shot For Me, Over My Dead Body, Lord Knows, The Motto, and Headlines, but most of it is singing, and I wanted a rap album. It shouldn't be classified as rap. Album was average in my opinion.",7,23,"Nov 16, 2011"
0,"Rap has never sounded as generic. And trust me, it was pretty bad already. Lyrics on this record are honestly the **** to day, all he does is **** and the few attempts at being sensible fail completely and just sound bland. That people still listen to this crap horrifies me.",9,32,"Nov 16, 2011"
5,"It seems that Drake has done it again. I manage to like some of his songs, but there really isn't much praise for HIS talent. His producers know how to lay down good beats for his vocal aesthetic, but when you listen to what he's saying, how 'good' is it? There nothing special about what he's saying or how he's saying it. The lyrics are very often humdrum and unimaginative. Yes, he's able to involve emotion in his songs, but they're illustrated very blandly,plus he's already expressed these same emotions to us in his previous music. A lot of these guests don't really offer much, except The Weeknd & Andre 3000. Lil Wayne can be very distracting and has some lyrics even weaker than Drake's. Stevie Wonder's harmonica solo does little other than put his name on the album. This album could have easily been parred down from 80 minutes to create a much tighter, concentrated effort, but he just meanders around talking about nothing new. Maybe he wanted to top Kanye's MBDTF (which he does, timewise), but he doesn't even touch it in quality. Pharoahe Monch, Big K.R.I.T. (mixtape, whatever), Talib Kweli, & The Beastie Boys have released much better hip-hop albums this year. I have no idea why this is being called the best of the year. 5.5/10, rounded down since almost everyone else is hyping it up.",2,9,"Nov 16, 2011"
5,"From time to time we see new artist in this Hip Hop game that gets attention in regards to his or her style or  spoken lyrics and there's not a doubt that Drake is one of those artists. It wasn't until he signed to Cash Money Records that his spoken lyrics tone downed and went towards a monotonic or hypnotic style that will utterly most attract female listeners with its 'sex appeal' and quite frankly depressing love scenarios. Drake's 'Thank Me Later' was in fact filled with such monotonic or hypnotic depressing love songs but with 'Take Care', he balances it out but it all sounds like his ego is forever increasing. This is not a good thing for a creation of an album...",2,9,"Nov 18, 2011"
0,"Pathetic excuse for a record.  I gave it multiple chances.  The fact that THIS is what's at the apex of popularity tells us that society collectively has a terrible, unrefined taste in music.",2,9,"Dec  6, 2011"
0,"Artists like this is the reason for a near-dying genre. i can not take listenin to this guy, i gave him a chance w/o bein biased downloaded this album...and every song just made me say wtf is you talking bout...stop crying on every track...some rappers can get away with talking about relationships, pain, struggle, hardships...but this dude crying about girls in every song. smh. this ALBUM FOR THE LADIES!",3,14,"Nov 24, 2011"
4,"I wanted to like this one a lot more than I did.  The replay value is slim for me, as I have to be in a certain mood (depressed) to get into the bulk of these songs.Drake is starting to feel very one-note to me. He says the same things over and over, just refines the music and words a bit. But the subject matter never changes with this guy. Is it narcissism that causes him to not be able to venture onto other topics besides his immediate world?  I guess he really meant it when he said 'I only care about money & the city that I'm from'.  That's fine, but why should I care about his money and the city that he's from??? I wouldn't even call this CD a hip-hop CD. It's an R&B CD with hip-hop leanings, really.  And it's kinda lifeless.",1,5,"Nov 17, 2011"
0,"Most overrated album of all-time. It's not even rap, he makes pop and r&b music. Plus, all he does is cry and whine over his ex, he doesn't talk about anything interesting, his lyrics are very simple, he can't even tell a story.",1,6,"Apr 20, 2015"
1,"Are u Judging this as a Hiphop Album Or A R&B Album?Because as a Hiphop Album this is a disgrace to the genre 90 percent of the album is singing last time I checked Hiphop was rapping but even if You look at this as a R&B album its still trash No men should be able to listen to a album talking about saving strippers and hating on another men on top of that the features are horrible Nicki minji and the 3 songs with lil wayne are trash",4,34,"Nov 15, 2011"
0,"I wanted to write a great review about this album. I Purchased 'Thank Me Later' and was not impressed. That is because the album contained Drake's version of singing. I'm not going to say that a person that is not really a singer (ie- Lil' Wayne) can't necessarily make a catchy singing track; however, for people to allow Drake to say he is a legitimate singer and to give him high ratings like they don't know what a singer is really concerns me. I believe Drake is very talented as a rapper, but he should leave the singing to someone who can. All that said, even with the 'singing' on the album (which even makes Rihanna sound weak), the album has achieved a deep monotone. All of the songs SOUND EXACTLY THE SAME. There is no reason for this with all of the great producers and beat makers out there. I have no problem with music about relationships and heartbreak, but the monotone turns this into mood music. And the 82 positives that he has received on Metacritic so far have to be die hard fans. I think a person who has never heard Drake and listens to this album will surely be disappointed and I sincerely hope that no one paid over $5 for this album. If you did, take it as a life experience and download this kind of crap on a singles basis only.",1,10,"Dec 13, 2011"
5,"This album could go down in history as one of the most overrated ever. This album is not a classic the way everyone proclaims it to be. It has its memorable moments. It has some highlights ('the brilliant Just Blaze-produced 'Lord Knows' and 'Take Care'). A few are decent ('Doing It Wrong' and 'Headlines'). But overall, the rest of the album feels like one long boring song. Drake seems to find no other topic to discuss and the worst part is that he doesn't even do it as well as he should. His rhymes vary from good to generic. But when he sings, his bars can be straight-up pedestrian. I honestly got tired out midway through the album. But I kept trudging hoping the album might make a comeback for itself. But alas, even Andre 3000 could not deliver a good enough verse to save the mediocrity I endured. Matter of fact, only Rick Ross seemed to be the only charged-up rapper here. 3K delivered a slightly okay but not weird enough verse like he did for 'Party'. Lil Wayne has seemingly lost that bizarre quality that once made him a compelling rapper a mere three years ago. And Birdman wastes good space trying to hype up Drake as some gangsta rapper who is ready to take over. Who doesn't feel that Birdman is simply using Drake and praising him as a cover up? Anyway, I suggest you invest your money somewhere else. Though better than Thank Me Later, Take Care is still the same old same old.",0,2,"Nov 20, 2011"
5,"While this album does have some good songs, such as 'Headlines' and 'Practice,' it has too many songs that are either just too boring or go on for too long. Drake has definitely stepped it up here better than his previous album but he still has some work to do before he becomes one of the better rappers out today.",0,1,"Nov 20, 2011"
10,"Drake tops his blazing hot debut Thank Me Later with his sophomore project Take Care. Take Care simply put is amazing and pushes the boundaries of Hip-Hop and R&B to it's limits leaving all those who 'miss the mean lyrics' feeling a little bit left behind. But anybody willing to truly open their ears to Take Care will realize Drake found a way to craft what maybe the strongest all around and smoothest album of the year and many years past. The highlights of the album include the powerful Shot For Me, Headlines, Crew Love, The Real Her, Drake's crazy verse on HYFR, Underground Kings, and The Motto.  Even though tracks like Headlines and HYFR are a little bit awkwardly placed in the album it still doesn't mess up the amazing overall performance by Drake. All due respect to Weezy, Jay and Ye, and Cole but Take Care is undoubtedly the album of the year.",0,3,"Nov 15, 2011"
4,"To be honest the only songs I could really feel myself liking is Headlines and Look What You've Done.
This album was kind of slow and I didn't like it. I don't like music that bores me and this was pretty damn boring compared to all the great music that I am currently being surrounded with.
This may have been an okay album if it was 2005, but with all the juicy hip-hop and r & b that I am listening to, this seems a bit stale.",0,1,"Jun 13, 2013"
8,"I look at these reviews, and I do not understand where this hatred is coming from. How is it that on this website, obvious troll reviews where the user even says they didn't listen to the album still are counted? Anyways, on to the album. I really enjoyed the sound Drake has achieved and mastered with his producer '40.' The haunting intro 'Over My Dead Body,' is probably one of my favorite album intros of all time, the piano, the female vocals, Drake's casual flow, it all works fantastically. The next few tracks provide more excellence, Drake showcases his ability to lay down bars on 'Headlines,' 'Underground Kings,' and 'Lord Knows,' and make soft emotional tracks such as 'Shot For Me,' 'Crew Love,' and Marvin's Room.'
Lyrically Drake isn't the astounding, but he manages to still be entertaining in his own right. He certainly was not the strongest rapper on his album, both Kendrick Lamar and Andre 3000 make appearances that have them dropping some fantastic verses, especially Kendrick who's verse might be one of the best of his career. I think that the true standout is the sound that Drake and his producers have crafted together, the clear influence from Kanye's 808s is very evident, but the production certainly doesn't mimic that style. The muted bass, the transitions, the more bombastic tracks, it all works and flows together really well. This album is incredibly cohesive, especially for a mainstream rap album. In some ways it reminds me of Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III.
The album certainly has its weaknesses though. For starters, it is a bit too long, at 18 tracks. At 90 minutes long it is a bit too much for my taste, and I feel like there are filler tracks for sure that could have been cut. Interestingly, the title track, 'Take Care,' is probably my least favorite track on the whole album. The whole thing sounds like some cheesy teenager love story, and I feel like Drake is much smarter than he portrays himself on that track. I wonder then what he was thinking when he named this track after the album (because I certainly doubt he derived his album name from this track).  His track with Nicki Minaj, 'Make Me Proud,' is also a bit lacking. Nicki deliver's some cringe worthy bars, 'I'm a star...sheriff badge.' And although I don't dislike Drake's hook, I can see it getting old real fast.
One of the most underrated tracks on the album, I feel, is 'Cameras/Good Ones Go Interlude.' Its this sort of brooding dark track that builds up with this extremely noticeable bass. Drake croons sort of off-key, it is sort of like some sort of homage to the pain he goes through with fame and women. Then all of a sudden it switches to this interlude, with these sort of cloudy lighter synths and bass with Drake singing in a higher tone. It is basically an antithesis to the previous song that played, and might be my favorite part on the album.",0,1,"Aug  3, 2013"
10,"Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection  PerfectionPerfection  Perfection v Perfection vv  Perfection Perfection PerfectionPerfection Perfection PerfectionPerfectionPerfection  Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection",0,1,"Dec 29, 2015"
8,"I like it's very atmospheric and coherent sound - it really is an album, not a collection of tracks and with few exceptions, that seem a bit off, most of the tracks seem to flow from one to the next which is really great. I like Drake's singing more than his rapping, which doesn't seem to be that tight, not to mentions his... pretty generic lyrics. All in all, the production is just great - even for those who don't enjoy Drake all that much, the beats are really great!",0,0,"Dec 17, 2011"
8,"Despite the discussion about the original music style in this album, whether is Hip-Hop or R&B, no one can deny the result has its greatness. The lyrics have a story behind it, and it's very far personal and unique. His 'Headlines' and 'Take Care' tracks are really masterpieces, and it stands out of the others. Drake might be starting a shinny carrier, in which styles he chooses to continues on.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2012"
6,"Drake Hasn't Made A Classic, With This Album, But His Smooth RnB And Hip Hop Elemental Beats, Drake Created Like A New Genre. Like RnB And Rap Combined Is Acually Really Good In The Way He Does It. But His Rapping And Lyrical Ability Could Use More Work. He Needs To Focus More On His Flow And Delivery, Than The Beats. Thats The Problem With This Record. But Drake Made His Own Style, And A Couple Songs On The Album Are Very Enjoyable To Listen To, Like 'HYFL' 'The Motto' 'Marvins Room' 'The Real Her' Are Songs On The Album People Would Most Likely Enjoy.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2012"
9,"It's only been one year since 'Thank Me Later' which was already a good job, but 'Take Care' goes beyond any limit to the style of music offers. The album is almost entirely produced by Noah '40' Shebib and this is the strong point, because the production is fantastic and the whole album suffers. The album starts immediately in fourth with 'Over My Dead Body' is a clear example of egregious production and use of various musical effects, are after 'Shot For Me' in which you can clearly hear the influence of R & B that is throughout the album, the track number 3 is 'Headlines' produced by Boi-1-by and is an example of modern hip-hop track, after a sensational start to the track 'Take Care' is definitely among the best of this working with an unusual Rihanna (for the first time I hear it sing decently), but the same can be said of 'Marvin's Room' which in my opinion is the summary of the whole album in one track. The collaborations are far fewer than in 'Thank Me Later' but I've never been so well-aimed, among others: Birdman, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj and Andre 3000. This album is the perfect example of a mix of Hip-Hop of course, but also of R&B and Downtempo. Perhaps the best album of 2011.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2012"
10,"@Cazatuz How can you rate an album without listening to it? You are the definition of a hater. That is a pathetic excuse for a 0 rating, when you haven't even listened to the album. The project received an 81, 'universal acclaim' based on TWENTY EIGHT reviews. Obviously an average of 28 reviewers aren't going to 'overrate' an album such as this. And there is a rating from The Guardian from a complete idiot named Alex Macpherson who judged the album just like you did and gave it a 1/5. Without his review this album would have received a score of 84. So please shut your mouth next time you're trying to bring your meaningless hate to an amazing piece of work. Take care is great from start to finish! Buy it and support the artist!.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2011"
7,"Take Care is as solid a follow up to a debut album as any artist could hope for. The same Drake is there, the same lyrics are there, the music is unique and that is both a strength and a setback. There isn't much of an growth on this sophomore effort. Similar to the previous album all the songs are good, some feel like fillers and there isn't one song that shines off the album more than the others. Simply put, this is a good album and a solid product of work.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2012"
9,"Album was AWESOME Very Talented Artist it made me like Drake more when thank me later dropped i was impressed but not as impressed as i was with this project. BEST PROJECT YET.BEST 4 Tracks:Crew Love (ft The Weeknd)Shot For MeLord Knows (Ft Rick Ross)Hate Sleeping Alone",0,0,"Dec 29, 2011"
7,"If you can get past the egotism and the R&B choruses, Drake's new album is nothing short of cutting-edge and an honest memoir about the clashing lifestyles of fame.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2012"
10,"Drizzy, You the realest n***a in the f***ing game. (After me of course) Young Money Cash Money forever **** From, Weezy F. Baby and the F is for f**k you haters",0,0,"Feb 25, 2012"
9,"I feel this album was very brilliantly organized and written. You can tell that Drake was working his way through his talent with his albums and mixtapes. With Thank Me Later, he was all about gettin' to the top. But now with this album, i feel like it's more like his 'settling down' album. The thing i love about Drake, is his ability to express is sensitivity. With his lyrics, he expresses his personal problems in a very ear-pleasing way where the songs come in a variety. For example, Over My Dead Body was mostly about his last few years or so and how life changing it's been. Also, Marvin's Room is about how lady problems, and how his fame has affected the way the people he love, loves him. I guess we can never judge an album entirely, because he don't know what the lyrics mean to this artist. It's THEIR song, not ours. Overall, I LOVED what he did with this album and have it on replay forsure.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2012"
7,"This album shows Drake isnt lil wayne's lackey and he can hold his own. Still their are a few problems. The album is slow and long. i think if they had added some more fast paced tracks to keep me interesting. Also i didnt like alot of the guests like Birdman and a couple of others didnt seem to fit the somber tone of the album. i think if  R&B singers/rappers were featured it would fit much better. despite that its a good album and i am happy to say this has made me a drake fan",0,0,"Mar 26, 2012"
8,"In my opinion Drakes best album so far! The highlights of the album would definalty be The Motto, Take Care, Hate Sleeping Alone, Marvins Room and Crew Love!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2013"
9,"This Album From Hip Hop prince, Drake is Different. Different in a way where he experiences with euphoric beats and deep meaning in rapping lyrical style. He puts together airy songs of hip hop and R&B together so perfectly that i could listen to the album forever",0,0,"Jul 13, 2012"
7,"Yes I know Drake is a  wuss. And he's made some very soft songs. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't like Take Care. It's not my favorite release ever. But Drake has some very good songs on here. Even if not all the lines hit, I still liked the songs on here a lot more than Thank Me Later. First off, the singing is a hell of a lot better. He actually can emote on some of these songs. That plus songs like Lord Knows, Underground King, We'll Be Fine, Headline and HYFR are bangers. And songs like Take Care, Crew Love and The Real Her are very smooth. As far as guest features, none of them truly stand out. Kendrick and Andre 3K do their things. And Rihanna  The Weeknd did a pretty good job, but otherwise no one made that much of an impression. Drake lyrically has improved on this album, though again not all the time. My biggest issue with this album is that this thing is 80  MINUTES LONG!!!!!!!!! Cut this  down man. Marvin's Room was a  borefest, Cameras is Drake trying to imitate Lil Wayne. And Doing It Wrong is Drake at his fluffiest. But even then I still enjoyed this, the production may be a cause for that because in my opinion 40 is an extremely underrated producer. Still it's worth listening to even if it's only once.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2013"
10,"Metacritic will don't let 'The Guardian' can do any more reviews after this....They only express to be a Drake haters on their reviews!!! This album win the ghrammy awards, was well recivied by artists, producers and fans.
have tons oof good singles on it, radio friendly songs, good beats. I don't understand so much hate on Drake",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"This is Drake's finest work to date, and a milestone in the rap genre. An existential treatise, this album explores themes across the spectrum all while developing a unique blend of rap, R&B and electronic that I think has potential to be as much of a landmark work as Dr. Dre's The Chronic. I can listen to every song on this record and become immersed in Drake's story telling and mastery of his musical craft. This is my favorite rap album.",0,0,"May 10, 2013"
8,"One of the best rap albums I have bought. Drake only disappoints on a few songs. The best songs are 'Over My Dead Body',  'Headlines', and 'Take Care'.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2013"
9,"Take Care is Drake's best project in my opinion. He comes out strong with lyricism in his sophomore album. His delivery is strong and his singing in songs like 'Marvin's Room', 'Doing It Wrong' and 'Practice'  I don't think Drake can release a better project than Take Care, but he almost did with 'Nothing Was The Same'",0,0,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"Better than illmatic Better than the black album. Better than enter the 36. This album is a masterpiece and will never be topped. Long Live Drake.
KTT",0,0,"Feb 24, 2014"
9,"One of  the best hip hop cds, and I consider it so, the last 5 years. You can listen to this album over and over and the production just keeps sucking you back in, sounding fresh. Drake sounds very good in the setting he helps create.  It has a touch of soul, pop, r&b, hip hop that fuses together so well. Drake will most likely never make as good a record as Take Care. Classic",0,0,"May  8, 2014"
6,"This is my Favorite drake album the great thing about this album is the production the beats for in well with the songs as they flow through the album the down side to this album is when you get half way though it, it starts to feel dry the verses arnt as good, the lyrics are poor not much substance but all up not a bad album if your into Main Street rap you'll like it.. 6.9/10",0,0,"May 15, 2014"
6,"5.7/10................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Mar 26, 2015"
9,"Drake 'cries us a river' is putting it mildly. Drake wants us to sympathize with him at this stage in his career, something very hard to do when so many rappers are stuck gloating about their success. Drake does something risky and makes it an impactful experience. The title track 'Take Care' is so raw and feels exactly as it should be with a tired couple who are just working through a lot of ups and downs in their relationship. Many songs go through the trends of the casual rapper like 'HYFR' and 'The Motto', but what's wrong with that? As long as he does it with thought and creativity. Drake does this far more clever then it should it be. Take Care is the album that reaches level not many critics or audiences didn't exactly see coming. 'Marvin's Room' is might be the most emotionally vulnerable tracks as it obviously draws off a drunk phone call to an ex-lover as he pours his heart out. It's great to hear that the majority of these singles are all focused on Drake's success and the pressure it puts on him. This is an album that succeeds in being relatable and enjoyable in so many ways.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2015"
8,"My favorite Drake release to date, this is a huge improvement on his debut Thank Me Later (which was still a good album). His songs are more 'real' (more heartfelt and emotional), and the album as a whole is more cohesive than TML. Awesome album",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
8,"This album is hot! Slower tempo than most but it's very soothing! Drake is a lyrical genius and his true talent and emotions really show on this album. Each song depicts a telling story by incorporating insane beats, clever lyrical placement and impressive vocals.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2015"
8,"Drake's sophomore album is great. To get features such as Andre 3000 and Stevie Wonder to compliment Drake's lyricism and soulfulness is amazing. The voice of The Weeknd and various features from Wayne, Ross, Rihanna, and Nicki, place this album on another level. I highly encourage fans of hip hop, R&B, pop, and rap alike to purchase this album.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2015"
7,"An improvement over his debut, Thank Me Later. Drake has more hip hop tracks on here that show his talent lyrically and as a rapper over fantastic beats over the likes of 40 and Boi-1da, whereas Thank Me Later had more slow R&B songs that didn't show Drake's talent fully. This album still has some of those songs, but overall it is an improvement. This album earns a B. Highlights: 'Headlines', 'Crew Love', 'The Motto', 'HYFR'. Worst song: 'The Ride'",0,0,"Apr  5, 2015"
10,"The Grammy award winning album is worth every second. This album cemented that Drake has longevity in the game of Rap. By listening to this album you get a real look inside of Drake's live. This album still is very much relevant years after its release.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2015"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
0,"Merry Christmas...and f*ck Justin Bieber, he just ruined my Christmas 2 years ago, I believe.",4,4,"May 27, 2013"
1,"A kid who every girl knows, and every guy hates (mostly). He makes you try to like him, but I never will. He is a singer who's vocal cords are warped with auto-tune and ruined my holiday spirit. He does not deserve any attention, I will give him something though, he is very generous with his money and I do respect him for that. But I'd rather him be just that, an activist not a male idol in many girls eyes. His music is all about love, love and more love. He's obviously an attention freak, and I mean every word of it. He is a bad role model for children, where all these photos surface of his smoking pot, getting arrested etc. He is a person who never should of began singing, he has ruined what music should be. He is all auto tune and everyone should know that. Stop the Bieber fever, get your children vaccinated now and destroy any and all Justin Bieber books, CD's, etc.",3,3,"Jun 23, 2013"
0,"the thing I find so funny here is how I don't think anyone would actually like to get under that mistletoe with him.  It addition to this, all these love songs are probably just written to the ghost of Christmas past.",2,2,"Aug 10, 2014"
0,"Worst Christmas album ever with Mariah Carey's 'Merry Christmas II you'. I hate JB so much, why can't he just stop making music. The critics also overrate his crap. Shoot JB with a water gun that has pee in it and avoid this album at ALL COSTS!! What a pile of dog poop. IT EVEN HAS MC GUEST STAR!!!",2,2,"Mar 29, 2015"
0,"Beiber cares about the silly money and lesbian girls. No respect for our generation and he needs to respect constructive criticism on his style of music and respect the media! in this album it's gets dumb",1,1,"Apr 20, 2015"
0,"I hope he dies in a fire.    .",6,7,"Nov 12, 2012"
0,"Another awful album from Bieber............definitely one of the worst Christmas albums to date..............",5,6,"Oct  1, 2012"
0,"The worst CD EVER!!! This album have much mistakes, first the title is horrible, the voice of Bieber is horrible, the songs, any good song, all are awful, I believe that his last album be bad, but this is terrible.",5,6,"Mar  8, 2012"
3,"This album is nothing more the My World 3.0 The Christmas Edition with some of the worst vocal work I've ever heard. The only thing that saves this album at times are the featured artist like Boyz II Men. The one good song would have to be Fa La La, and it's only good if you take out Bieber's god awful vocals, and his white boy rapping on Drummer Boy is just unforgivable",10,13,"Nov 10, 2011"
0,"Great way to kill holiday songs I used to love. Not only does this butch prepubescent mess manage to overproduce every track, but the vocals are so wrong in every way.",3,4,"Jun 18, 2012"
0,"this is another really really annoying song of a little girl who just wants money and don't care about his fans, corny, i cant believe there's still people who likes him",2,3,"Jan 17, 2012"
0,"Justin is the worst product of the decayed music industry  How long we have to listen this horribles and stupid pseudo musician teen idols? Merry Christmas.",5,8,"Nov 13, 2011"
0,"What the hell is this album, every song is lame. And his vocals sound like they are getting worse. The songs are slow or just plain boring, its going to be obvious that this album will sell good cause all his fans will cry to there parents to get the album, but for someone who is the biggest thing in music, his albums are **** lol. The industry is becoming a joke to let some looser release another album when his last 2 albums were crap that had generic song.To be honest mistletoe is the only good song, the rest are just weird to listen to, especially with bieber singing them. Its a christmas album that has songs on it that combine that christmas sound the the electronic sound and it doesn't work at all. And his rapping made my hole family drop in laughter. and my little sister loves Justin, but even she couldn't stand this album at all. Except Mistletoe.",4,7,"Nov 10, 2011"
5,"This album felt mostly like a cash grab album. It wasn't a terrible album but it was certainly far from great. Silent Night is by far the best song here, with Bieber actually showing he has some singing range. Everything else is very hit or miss with the biggest miss coming in the form of Drummer Boy where Bieber sings fairly well and then spits a ridiculous rap out of nowhere that completely ruins the song. Bieber fans will enjoy this one but he won't be attracting any new fans here.",5,10,"Nov 17, 2011"
0,"just a fail christmas album with track after track a voice deep that it sounds like his voice is craking for 37:51 straight
waste of money and total nightmare",2,4,"Nov 20, 2011"
10,"Great Christmas album for the whole family to enjoy!  Even adults will like his #1 hit CD considering it contains holiday classics, but with a new vibe.",2,4,"Aug 19, 2012"
0,"Now that is what I wanna see, underrated Justin Bieber bullcrap. The songs are just a sack of bo*lo*ks with pee. Very horrendous,horrible,terrible,crappy album THAT YOU SHOULD AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! Please do not get this because it sucks. Buy Mario Party 10 instead.",2,4,"Mar 21, 2015"
0,"Innovation and art. Only listening the first song of this album you realize it's a masterpiece, an album destined to change music history defining the sound that will dominate in the next years and that a lot of artists will take as an influence... Yes, I was talking about Physical Graffiti of Led Zeppelin. The complete opposite of the album that I'm doing this review, Under The Mistletoe of Justin Bieber. Let's begin: This CD is the mix of seedy Christmas songs and Bieber's My World 2.0. The result, obviously, a complete fail. I have listened the entire album, and I can assure you that it deserves the lowest rating that can exist. When you listen to the first song, you begin to think: What the hell is this? No musical taste, all the time the same thing, no catchy, only saved because there is a 'guitar'. But it will disappear in the next songs. After listening to the main single and song number 2 (Mistletoe), it's clear that all the album is going to be the same, song after song. It is. Boring and boring, with no taste of rhythm,  with some 'interesting' openings (like Home This Christmas, song n 10), but when he starts to sing all falls down. And the worst are the Dance-Pop parts, with the 'electronic' awful drums bases that doesn't fit at all with this corny Christmas spirit omnipresent on the whole album. The best song is Silent Night, because is the less modified traditional song, without electronic appalling bases. And the worst song on the record, and surely the worst ever made, is Drummer Boy, where Justin does a WTF rap that would make Ice T, Tupac and Run DMC cry and despair, with the most absurd lyrics ever written (Ra pum pum pum Ra pum pum pum pum pum I",3,7,"Nov  8, 2011"
10,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",1,3,"May  4, 2015"
10,"A great album, well produced with a mix of classics which have been switched around and some originals such as the ever popular 'Mistletoe'. Justins newest album 'Believe' is a step up from this, i'd give that a 10/10 as well. Hes going no where but up.",4,14,"Jun 27, 2012"
8,"In his first Christmas album, Bieber opens with a mid-tempo ballad 'Only Thing I Ever Get For Christmas', which is followed by a Jason Mraz feel in 'Mistletoe'. However, Bieber's interpretation of 'The Christmas Song' resonates well with the vocals of Usher. A Jackson 5 feel in 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' helps show Bieber's interpretation of the piece, while still aiming to restore the classical feel. His collaboration with Boyz II Men in 'Fa La La' shows his vocal abilities, even though the lyrics can get a bit repetitive. In Mariah Carey's classic 'All I Want for Christmas is You', Bieber maintains to sing the song in its original octave, and it proves to be a chance to show his vocal ability. The album's worst track is definitely 'Drummer Boy', when Bieber tries to put his own twist of the song in the form of a rap. Despite this, Bieber manages to rebound on 'Christmas Eve' by showing his musicality on one of the album's best tracks with a slow R&B feel. 'All I Want Is You' demonstrates the maturity of Bieber's lyrics and its Christmas bells help set the holiday tone. His collaboration with The Band Perry in 'Home This Christmas' shows not only his vocal ability, but also his way of crossing over into the country genre. In the final track of 'Silent Night', Bieber shows a softer side that is peaceful and a good end to the album. All in all, Under the Mistletoe is worth listening to during the holiday season, and contains some original tracks that will never be forgotten.",2,17,"Nov 11, 2011"
2,"I have decided to give Under the Mistletoe a proper review after giving it a troll review and the review is much similar to his other works; poor vocals, poorly produced and only for fans.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2015"
0,"Ladies and Gentlemen time for your ears to bleed and your Christmas to be ruined and utterly atrocious album and something that you will not want to listen to.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
0,"Flat voice , annoying sound, we can consider that the only thing helpful in this album is some compositions , boring teen pop , childish, and immature , expected more from you Bieber , nothing new about the sun , always the bubblegum pop to fasten the little girls teenagers, we still have a Purpose , and a Believe to save the right discography",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
9,"Hinooooooooo natalino, ouo sempre perto do natal, inconformada com essa nota amarela, as crticas esto cada vez mais loucas,  um lbum pop natalino, no  igual aqueles lbuns que s tem musiquinha natalina, Drummer Boy dona do lbum.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2015"
10,"wasn't expecting nothing more than a boring album but when i listened the whole album (including the bonus tracks) i'm really shocked for the perfection of the album, one of the best efforts this year...so far...!!! i'm still thinking that Ms. Clarkson deserve more recognition!! this is a perfect pop album, vocally she is in her best moment...seriously a great production and amazing vocally!!! her best album since Breakaway!!!",3,3,"Nov  5, 2011"
9,"By far my favorite album from Kelly Clarkson. I completely disagree with that tin eared elitist, Pop music hater from The Independent, Andy Gill. From his description of the music contained on the album it's quite obvious that he didn't even listen to it. It's full of Pop/rock with a SLIGHT dash of R&B on 2 POP songs, not what he described as ' an overlong string of standard putdown R&B and bogus emotional turmoil, the songs blitzed with generic power-ballad overkill.'It is  NOT an R&B album AT ALL and there are no power-ballads on the album. He's an ass that brought this score down and should never be allowed to rate or review any other Pop albums ever again.",2,2,"Nov  5, 2011"
8,"The album is good, but it's also more of the same. 'I Forgive You' has the exact same percussion as 'Since U Been Gone,' while 'Standing in Front of You' is virtually identical to 'Already Gone.' That being said, Kelly's voice just keeps getting better, and if the formula ain't broke, don't fix it. Still -- I think she could get away with experimenting a little more. The album doesn't feel like an advancement in any respect.",1,1,"Oct 24, 2011"
10,"Kelly Clarkson's new album is by far her best album to date. it is mixed between Breakaway and My December. in this album, all her song is consider singles-worthy. I LOVE KELLY CLARKSON and I LOVE THIS ALBUM!!!",2,3,"Oct 24, 2011"
10,"Exactly what I expected and more, this is Clarkson's best to date. My personal favorite out of the gate is 'Let Me Down,' which seemed to fly under the radar with other fans.",2,4,"Oct 24, 2011"
6,"This album starts off great with the first two songs, Mr. Know It All and What Doesn't Kill You, but after that the album becomes very hit or miss. It's not a bad album by any means but Breakaway was a far better album than this. I'd recommend this is you are a Clarkson fan but otherwise just download the first two songs and don't bother with too many of the rest.",1,2,"Nov 17, 2011"
6,"This album really showcased her great voice. But some of the tracks are bland and boring. 'Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)' and 'Mr. Know It All' are the highlights of the album. A solid album of hers, overall, but its not her best.........",1,2,"May 26, 2012"
1,"What a boring collection of bland, generic, and sleepy pop music. There's no diversity whatsoever and the entire album sounds like one long, dragging song. Everything sounds the same. Only song that is probably tolerable is 'Mr. Know It All,' which also is kind of bland and typical Kelly Clarkson. Overall very disappointed. Seems like she'll never top 'Breakaway'",0,8,"Oct 24, 2011"
5,"Kelly clarkson has a great voice, but the album is a bit boring and repetitive.It has some great hooks, but the songs just aren't there!In almost every song there's the same tonicity and it lacks the musical variety of her previous album.I was expecting a more fun and loud album, the way Breakaway was, before listening to Mr.know it all, but what's with all these ballads (seems the Adele success affected her too).My favourite-What doesn't kill you(stronger),You can't win and Don't you wanna stay(Deluxe).",0,3,"Oct 25, 2011"
1,"Unoriginal and unflavoured pop music. Sure, she is a good singer, but is her music good, does it inspire people? No. There's no charisma or personality.",0,6,"Feb  8, 2012"
3,"Continuing her progression from individual to manufactured pop artist, Clarkson sheds almost all emotion and control in her second consecutive album to eliminate her personality. Marketed best as the pop-friendly stepsister of P!nk, Stronger has elements of her previous self, sacrificed and diced into fragments of could-have-beens. Tracks such as Dark Side attempt to imitate her Breakaway/My December hybridization. While Einstein and What Doesn't Kill You follows said formula with the aforementioned, married to her debut sound on Thankful. Once again we're suffered to be alienated from Clarkson's powerful vocals, and forced to bear through shrills and shrieks that pollute the album.  If this album is an allusion to Clarkson becoming Stronger, than I suspect her next album will allow zero creative control from Clarkson, and consist of more chart fodder, with lyrics akin to a Katy Perry reject.",0,2,"Aug 30, 2013"
10,"Potent pop throughout, Stronger delivers variety, emotion, slick production and most of, stands as yet another testament of Kelly Clarkson's vocal chops being the best in the business.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
10,"Kelly solidifies her place as the power anthem queen with her 5th studio Album. She really shows off her powerhouse voice on tracks like 'Honestly' and 'War Is Over'. It's very radio friendly without falling into the dance pop trend but the rock elements from her first 3 albums are less apparent here. This may well be her last album with RCA and it's clear she hasn't poured as much of herself into it than 'My December' it will possibly be the last 'POP' album she does.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2012"
10,"Kelly Clarkson shows in this album what she has been lacking in previous albums and that is a grown-up additional. All her past albums have been to lead on the more pop side of music and this album is where she is trying to set herself apart from the other garbage we hear today.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
10,"Honestly one of the best she has come out with in awhile, much better then her previous album. Congrats Kelly I hope you can get a good 80 score on here.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2011"
9,"Kelly Clarkson is back and with a very entertaining album. When songs start to stick in my head and I hum and sing along, I think it is a very good album. Strong lyrics, and well written, Kelly, with her  very strong voice, produces hit after hit, with her witty 'in your face' lyrics, like Einstein and You Can't Win. My favorite track is Honestly, deep and strong lyrics, with her awesome voice, it is going to be a big hit! Awesome album, one of my favorites!",0,0,"Oct 26, 2011"
10,"A solid fifth release from Clarkson sees her jamming to some pretty hot electro-pop-rock hybrids which hit the nail on the head. A few tunes took a while to grow on me, but that is the same with most albums. Some highlights include Dark Side, Hello and the bonus track Don't Be A Girl About It. Clarkson's voice is second to none, and her balladry is as powerful as ever. I can only recommend this release to everyone and anyone.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2011"
10,"This album has a more balanced feel than her previous albums. It has more rnb tracks than a usual Kelly Clarkson album would have but Kelly nails them because of her soulful voice. My favorites are I forgive you and you can't win make no mistake this is an album that is worth it",0,0,"Nov  5, 2011"
9,"Kelly has outdone herself in this album. A strong comeback into the music industry. 'What Doesn't Kill You (stronger)' is definitely the highlight of the album. Strongly recommended for Kelly fans or just someone trying to kill time in general.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2012"
9,"What a great album, Kelly delivers vocally when she needs and i see a lot of hits in here but without losing the quality. I can't even give any highlight because all of album (including the bonus tracks) are great.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"what doesn't kill u ---- best track from this album! She's getting to be more better, and she hit #1 with this awesome song AGAIN!!!!! she really rocks with the singing and i think you guys will really enjoy it if you still haven't heard it!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2012"
10,"Kelly returns with a mature-sounding album whilst still maintaining her fun anthemic element. The album has aspects of 'classic pop rock Kelly' such as Let Me Down, mixed with amazing dance-anthems such as Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You). Highlights include the haunting and explosive Dark Side and the sassy Mr Know It All. Fans will not be disappointed! Grammy worthy and one of the best albums released in 2011. A MUST LISTEN for all.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2012"
10,"WOW! I was NOT expecting this album to be so OUTSTANDING! I really am moved with the songs that are in here and I hope there is going to be more albums out that are going to be AMAZING like this one!!!",0,0,"Mar 30, 2012"
7,"Her Smarter Album..
Still Lacks Any Unique Sound Whatsoever
The Singles Off The Album Are Great Though
Her Best Album But Not Great...",0,0,"Jun  1, 2012"
6,"After listening the album I prefer to add to my play list: 1.Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You) 2.You Love Me 3.Einstein 4.Hello 5.Let Me Down
Favorite track: You Love Me
Score: Fair 6/10",0,0,"Jan 26, 2013"
0,"Kelly Clarkson's Stronger leds to a album to help children who suffering from bullying. Great Job Kelly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"May 20, 2014"
10,"this is a perfect work, congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!! Kelly Clarkson is amazing, i love she and i love your work too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! your voice is perfect...",0,0,"Mar  2, 2015"
10,"Similar to Fall Out Boy",1,1,"Oct 30, 2012"
10,"impressionante como apenas uma pessoa tocou e cantou tudo sozinha. No tenho a certeza se ele tambm produziu tudo sozinho. De qualquer forma, ele  uma pessoa talentosa, e este album  daqueles que toda a gente tem de ouvir antes de morrer.",1,1,"Sep  4, 2015"
10,"You would be hard pressed to find a more talented and individualistic musician than Mr. Patrick Stump. Since the first time I heard 'Dead On Arrival' years ago, I knew this man would end up changing the music industry. But this album, this incredible masterpiece, is so astoundingly original and incredible that it left me astonished. I had never listened to techno-pop-influenced music like this but I decided to give a try since I had been a lifelong fan of fall out boy, I was pleasantly surprised. The way he can control his voice, its breathtaking. He doesn't look to please the public with this album but instead goes out on a limb and creates something anchored by his voice, which by itself, is so striking that it can be addictive to listeners, like me. While my favorite part of any song ever by fall out boy or stump is stump's voice, his lyrics impressed me like none other. These are not sappy, love story, alcoholic-induced junk that we hear from John Mayer or Adele. Instead, Stump brings you on a journey of unimaginable heights. He makes you think, cry, laugh, jump, clap, and freeze silently. Yet, most of all, his music forces you to get up, dance, and sing along. You may think ignorantly think Patrick stump is nothing without his band members, but you would be terribly wrong. If there is one voice that I would have to only listen to for the rest of my life it would be easily be Patrick Stump.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
10,"Perfection. He wrote everything. He produced everything. This guy should receive more acknowledgement. This guy is the next king of pop. It's a shame he probably won't reign, because he's not that famous by himself. All the tracks here are worth your time and money. Guaranteed: There will be no regrets. Also, make sure to check out the Deluxe Edition bonus tracks. They're awesome as well.
The first thing to do before listening to this album is: Forget about Fall Out Boy. This is not Fall Out Boy. That's why it's a parallel project. It's parallel. It's outside Fall Out Boy. It's not supposed to sound like Fall Out Boy. Fall Out Boy is a rock band. If Fall Out Boy is a rock band, this is not supposed to sound like rock. It's not rock. It's R&B  Pop. If you like Fall Out Boy's rock 'n' roll but doesn't like R&B nor Pop... This is not for you. Because of that you shouldn't say this is bad work if you don't have experience on this area. On this genre. But if you are open-minded or are trying to open your mind to different types of music... Give it a try! The best thing for somebody who's willing to explore a new world is to start by its best city. Here's what you get:
There are funky grooves ('Dance Miserable'), electronic/futuristic elements ('Coast'), fast-paced ('Explode') and slow-paced jams ('The 'I' In Lie'). Violins ('Allie'), saxophones and surprising low notes ('Everybody Wants Somebody') also find their place here, among some pop tracks ('This City' and 'Spotlight'). R&B perfection for you, ladies and gentlemen!
So... I could go on and on about how this album is awesome and that you should buy it. But let me give you some enlightenment on 'Soul Punk', the precious treasure of 2011: 'Explode' proves that he's up to Michael Jackson's level (Yes, I said it!). 'This City' proves that he can make radio-friendly pop songs. 'Dance Miserable' proves that R&B is still alive. 'Spotlight (New Regrets)' proves that he can make fantastic synth-pop songs. 'The 'I' In Lie' proves that this man can do ANYTHING. He will BLOW your mind.
And the album goes on as the magic continues to happen. 'Run Dry' is one fun groovy song. 'Greed' is lyrically powerful and one strong track. 'Everybody Wants Somebody' is a HUGE highlight, such as the beautiful 'Allie'. And 'Coast' is the perfect ending for a perfect album.
PERFECT.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"Patrick Stump delivers one of the most original pop albums of the decade. Performing, producing and singing everything on Soul Punk, Patrick does an amazing job, especially when it comes to his voice. With an amazing vocal range, Stump hit stunning high notes (Allie, Dance Miserable, The I`` In Lie) and some unexpected low notes (People Never Done a God Thing).Even though, with some heavy synths, you can have fun with some awesome guitar solos, arena drums and even saxophones ( Everybody Wants Somebody). The lyrics might sound cheesy and to poppy``, but can also surprise you with political criticism (This City, Dance Miserable, Greed).There are also somenowhere to find`` songs, like the opening whoa`` Explode and the funk rock The Bad side of 25.Many dont understand the Punk`` on the tittle, as it apears much more on the lyrics and attitude: a pop-punk vocalist making (ALL BY HIMSELF) a funk / R&B record.Forget everything that you heard of his band, you will find a completely different cup of tea. And it will only be as good as it sounds if you do that, because Soul Punk is everything that Patrick Stump wanted to put outside his talented mind.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2011"
10,"This album is seriously catchy, I don't have a hope of not dancing when I listen to it. The lyrics revolve around both extremely current issues like corporate Greed and economic recession, to age old themes of love and gettin' drunk. It's hard to pick stand-out tracks when I love every last one, but I'd narrow it down to Run Dry, The 'I' in Lie, and Everybody Wants Somebody. The bonus tracks are every bit as worthy as the standard tracks, The Bad Side of 25 being a standout.Every single track is a winner for me, and that every tune, lyric, instrument, and production value is the result of one person only serves to make this album infinitely more impressive. All this coupled with Stump's stellar vocal talent produces an outstanding album. Definitely a favorite of 2011.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2011"
10,"Spectacular album. The fact that Stump performed all instruments himself is enough to give it a listen. Absolutley reccommended. The album has a very 80's style feel that has lots of soul. Been a fan of Stump ever since fall out boy and will deffinatly check out any other releases he makes.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2012"
9,"Unique, only Stump could come up with that mixture of pop-style music and lyrics, and to add on that he plays all the instruments himself. Soul Punk is a fully self produced album. It being self produced there are some songs and parts of songs that I believe could have been made a bit more 'catchy', but overall a very good and unique album.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2012"
9,"Excellent album, you just need to give it a chance before it opens up for you. At points it does sound like Stump is doing his best Michael Jackson impression, but his voice becomes his own after a few listens",0,0,"Apr 29, 2014"
8,"This album is an amazing show of talent by Patrick sump.  Having made almost all of it himself, it shows that he has a great ear for great music.  While the more electronic sound may not be for everyone, it still sounds fantastic and Stump's vocals are undeniably great throughout all tracks.  There is a sense of Michael Jackson meets Justin Timberlake with hints of Jameroquai for good measure, all with Stump's unique energy.  The songs vary somewhat which is where those extra two points went as not every track here is a hit as such but almost all have an amazing energy and are extremely catchy.  A well-made album by an extremely talented artist.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2015"
8,"Soul Punk  um lbum grandioso, com suas timas qualidades. Aqui, todo o talento e versatilidade de Patrick Stump  mostrado, seja na composio das letras, seja no instrumentalismo, seja na produo, seja na voz impecvel. No  melhor que qualquer lbum de Fall Out Boy, mas  timo.
Pontos Altos: Explode, Allie, Spotlight (New Regrets)
Pontos Baixos: Mad At Nothing, When I Made You Cry, Everybody Wants Somebody",0,0,"Jan 10, 2016"
10,"Mature, well written, well-composed are just 3 of the top terms that come to mind when listening to this album.  Some artists, as they grow with their music, alter their style and lose their identity.  Amy Lee and company has proved that their style is positively authentic, powerful, and unwavering.  This album has great flavor and really moves the body and soul.  The writing is amazing, as usual.  If it were possible for Amy Lee to sing any better, she just topped herself with this album.  The vocals will blow you away like the didn't in the last 2 albums ...it's that good.  God knows how she managed to improve her already amazing voice, but she did it.  This album is a critical show of top notch musicianship and every artist who's 'remaking' themselves would do well to take a page from this book.  Beautiful album, beautiful music, welcome back Evanescence!",8,8,"Oct 16, 2011"
10,"This must be their best album yet!!!Every song is different and each one of them is worth listening to!My very favourite: The change, my heart is broken, the other side, erase this, lost in paradise, sick, never go back, swimming home, new way to bleed,disappear, secret door.I think I've said enough!!!Go BUY this album!!!",4,4,"Oct 17, 2011"
10,"Evanescence's most rocking album, 'Evanescence' brings up more artistry rather than drama, really hard work and angelic voice of Amy. One cannot be satisfied by listening to this record a few times, it automatically requires repeat mode. Beat, synth, riffs, and the amazing voice of Amy is out of question. So exciting to see them rocking again.",4,4,"Oct 12, 2011"
9,"Okay, I admit, it sounds a little different from the Evanescence we knew from Fallen and The Open Door. But do I mind? The answer is no. Amy Lee still sounds great as ever, totally finishing the songs. The new bands member do a great job at giving off the old Evanescence feeling. All in all, it's great! One thing though, I am missing a softer, sadder song, like My Immortal or Hello. So, yes, it sounds a little different, but it made me fall in love with Evanescence again!",4,4,"Oct 13, 2011"
10,"I would say this album is about on par with Open Door but not quite to the classic level of Fallen.  That being said, I love this album more and more with every listen.  At 1st it seemed to feel about the same but the more I've listened to it the more I can hear the subtle nuances.  Also, I didn't feel as if there were a lot of 'standout' songs however each time I listen they are almost all standing out to me now.  For those fans of theirs who have listened to it 1 or 2 times and aren't feeling it as much as they thought, just give it another couple listens and it will absolutely grow on you.Congrats on the #1 status on Billboard too!  Let's see if enough people will buy it this week to make it 2 in a row!",3,3,"Oct 19, 2011"
10,"This album is not that different from their previous two albums. It's definitely more alive-trippin', but it still sounds like Evanescence, as we know them. Their 'new direction' is a use of harder drums, keyboard, harp and Amy's hard-knocking voice. This must be their best voice-album. Amy really challenges herself in this self-titled album. Try listening to the songs: 'My Heart Is Broken', Lost In Paradise', 'Oceans', 'Never Go back & 'Erase This'. You can hear the angelic-ballading-upstreaming-rocking voice. Amy should sometimes in the future definitely bring up a solo-album. A downtempo one. Her voice fits perfect when she's doing the downtempo songs. 'Swimming Home' & 'Secret Door' proves that, indeed. Anyway I gave the album 10/10, even though I miss the electronic part..But let's hope they'll bring that after this album. You will love this album. Then don't judge it like after one-time listening to it, but play the songs like many times & then you'll see the mature ongoing direction to it. Life is short. Then wake up, & do what you want. This albums is about freedom, life & a little bit drama too. This is the their best album to date. Buy this album. It's really worth it!",3,3,"Oct 12, 2011"
9,"I'm a big fan of Evanescence and have been for a little while now. When I first listened to their new album - simply titled 'Evanescence' - I thought it didn't compare to their older work. However, the more I listened to it, the more it grew on me and now I think it's some of their best work yet!
The album carries the same hybrid of rock and classical instruments that the band have always had (despite the several line-up changes). Amy Lee is just as good as she always has been as the band's lead singer, and the rest of the group all prove their worth through some fantastic drum and guitar solos. But it's not all good. As per usual with Evanescence there are a few dud tracks. Most notable are 'Swimming Home' which seems to lack the entire band's presence (with the exception of Amy). While this has proved to be a winning formula before with songs such as 'My Immortal' this time it really doesn't work, and makes 'Swimming Home' just very boring to listen to.
The only other track I had a problem with was 'Secret Door' - one of the four bonus tracks you get with the deluxe edition. It suffers a similar problem to 'Swimming Home' in that both the lyrics and rhythm fail to grab your attention.
Those two tracks aside though, Evanescence really is a great album. With the exception of the aforementioned two, all the songs are fantastic to listen to, and feature some great lyrics - and also some quite meaningful ones.
Highlights of the album are 'Made of Stone', 'Lost In Paradise', 'Oceans', and 'Say You Will,' and 'My Heart Is Broken.'
The fact that they wrote these songs themselves is great too, as that feature is becoming increasingly difficult to find in music acts.
The deluxe edition also comes with a behind-the-scenes DVD featuring the video to 'What You Want,' the first single of the new album as well as many interviews with the band. While this is a nice touch, it's not a reason to splash out for the deluxe edition. Although the 3 bonus tracks (not including Secret Door) are of high quality - but still the deluxe edition may be a fan-only thing.
So all in all, apart from a couple of poor songs, this album is definitely one worth adding to your collection. If you liked any of Evanescence's previous work, or want to start listening to them, there's no better entry point than here. With some meaningful and catchy songs this album is unmissable.
9/10",2,2,"Jan 12, 2012"
10,"Amy Lee is finally creating her own sound, similar to the original, but definitely hers. Her voice is the highlight here (as it should be!). Welcome back you were certainly missed!",2,2,"Oct 15, 2011"
10,"The vibes to the songs on this album are a little bit different from what we are use to hearing from this band but in the end the songs are still kick ass and it's a must own album",2,2,"Jul  8, 2013"
8,"Its Beautiful but it is a bit heavy. I think it needed a few more gentle tunes that Amy Lee is In. Maybe the deluxe edition will have that!I still love you though Amy:-]",1,1,"Oct 21, 2011"
10,"Sometimes you just have to go back to go forward. This is the album I was expecting Evanescence to make after Fallen became a worldwide hit. Although The Open Door wasn't a complete failure, it derailed Evanescence's sound a little. Amy Lee's stepping back here to somewhere that seems to be between Fallen and the Open Door which is no bad thing. There are occasional glimpses of Origin in the album and they experiment with new sounds without straying too far from their trademark 'Evanescence' soul. Its a really great album! Its big, dramatic, epic and carries Evanescence to new heights. It did take a while for the album to 'grow' on me. Originally, I thought it was bland and uninteresting but the more I listened to it, the more I started to appreciate the music. Vocally, Lee takes it to a new level here. How she plans to replicate the vocals on the album in a live show is anyones guess but her voice is beautiful, powerful and emotive all at once. Its understandable how some would find 'Evanescence' to be a bland album as it does seem to be an album sat firmly in between Fallen and The Open Door but largely the experimentation and Origin influences stop it from being a complete deadweight. The only thing it misses is a deeply emotional song like My Immortal or Good Enough. Lost In Paradise is too chaotic to be considered in the same slow, enchanting form as the aforementioned two songs. However cynical this will make me sound, 'Swimming Home' is just too... happy. All in all, the album is the greatest material ever produced by the band. Creatively, its stepping in the right direction and I do hope that is outdoes Fallen commercially also. I can say with absolute confidence that the 'Evanescence' album is DEFINITELY WORTH BUYING.",1,1,"Oct 24, 2011"
9,"From start to final song Swimming Home, this album doesn't stop moving, and it's absolutely fantastic!  From the roaring rage of 'Made of Stone', to the groovy head-banger 'Erase This', to the vulnerability of 'Lost in Paradise'' to stage anthem 'Sick', there's nothing to be disappointed in with this eponymous release by Evanescence.  It's matured over the past two albums, but its variety doesn't beat previous release 'The Open Door'.  This album is one of the must haves of the year!",1,1,"Nov  7, 2011"
9,"Definitely their best album yet. They finally sound more like a band rather than Amy Lee's backing band. Their songwriting skills come to show here, despite being occasionally a bit on the melodramatic side, that doesn't detract too much from the overall package.",1,1,"Oct 27, 2011"
10,"Absolutely great album. I can listen to the whole thing through without skipping any song. I highly recommend buying it. Standout songs are made of stone, the change, lost in paradise, and never go back. Weakest song is swimming home. BUY IT!!!",1,1,"May 25, 2013"
10,"I feel that the music is so strong, still dark as always, and more gothic than ever also rocking!!
My favorite is My heart is broken!! Love it!!!
The darker for the music, the better for  the sound..",1,1,"Aug 29, 2013"
10,"This album is my 3rd favorite one cause it has meaningful songs and they have a perfect chorus. This album is great and perfect just that. I love evanescence.",1,1,"Jul 20, 2016"
9,"Its been a long time coming, but the album is finally here! It was a truly refreshing experience, I loved the depth of the album...and I believe it stands out from today's music because most of it is just so monotonous and shallow. The best way to describe this album is with four words. Beautiful, dark, elegant, and heavy. The songs that stood out the most for me were 'The Change', 'My Heart is Broken', 'A New way to Bleed (bonus track)', and 'End of the Dream'. The stylistc dirty bass and heavy guitars blend in seamlessly with Lee's voice...it really does create an elegant mixture. Its not a huge difference from their previous work, but its a bit more lively. Highly recommended.",4,5,"Oct 12, 2011"
6,"I think this album is a little weird, it lacks something that I can't really define. When I listened to Evanescence felt like my fuel tank was charging, now it feels just like simple music, as everyone else could do that, and I think there's the flaw, It's very simple. Unlike most of the critics I've heard the album doesn't sound very hard, on the contrary... softer and more like teenager music in the end, specially with 'Sleeping Home', board as hell... anyway, it's not crap, but it's halfway the rock it used to be.",3,6,"Oct 11, 2011"
8,"Hey, this album is a full-on assault. I can see the audience bobbing heads at the live shows. There are three beautiful softer 'ballads' and that is welcome. This is a whole new band, save for Amy Lee, of course, and guitarist Terry Balsamo. What Evanescence does here is to exhale five years worth of living in New York City. Amy is married now, and she felt the time was right when she felt inspired to create new material. This album will satisfy anyone who is a fan of both previous Ev records - it rocks and slows down in the right places. But, really, mostly it rocks! I see at least three singles here. Get the deluxe copy with the added DVD material. Amy does a lot of talking about the process of making the album and talks about the different songs. There is also footage of two days of making a video for the first single 'What You Want.' My two other fave songs on the album, besides the first single are 'The Change', and 'Lost in Paradise' which sounds very intimate. Deluxe copy song 'Secret Door' is dreamy and beautiful.",2,4,"Oct 11, 2011"
9,"After a long wait, the much anticipated album is here and well worth the wait. Much of every song is powerful and emotionally charged. Not a single song felt weak. Unfortunately, this means that, with the exception of three songs, every track felt similar. The album itself starts of powerful with What You Want. The next few tracks are equally impressive. Unfortunately, I felt Lost In Paradise and Sick weren't up to tier with the rest of the album. Fortunately, the album picks back up with End of The Dream and Oceans and ends on a high note with Swimming Home. While this album is close in sound to The Open Door, 2006, overall it is much heavier with the instrumentals and a louder vocal.",1,2,"Oct 24, 2011"
5,"As a long-time fan of Evanescence, I expected more. Instead, most of the songs sound pretty alike, with only a few exceptions. The album lacks movement and feels more of a step backwards than forwards - like somewhere between 'Fallen' and 'The Open Door'. Lee's vocals are gorgeous as ever, however, and the good songs on the album are solid, though there are none that particularly stand head and shoulders above the rest as with their previous offerings; when the bonus tracks could be considered, in my opinion, to be better than many of the album tracks, there's a big problem. It feels a little like the band have stepped back from the melodic drama they're so good at, and it doesn't pay off.",2,7,"Oct 14, 2011"
7,"With The Open Door, Evanescence leaped into experimenting with electronic trip-hop styled songs as well as even spookier atmospheres and classical influence. With this new album it seems to take a step back and settle on the sound before The Open Door. Its actually a back step. The music is heavier and louder that's for sure but I believe that's caused more by the fact that this is the first time most of the musicians are playing on an album (except Amy and Terry.) This makes it seem somewhat like a debut. Amy's vocals are on point and she definitely does some interesting things she hasn't done before. Overall the album is very mediocre. It lacks musical growth and doesn't really have anything interesting. I felt myself longing for a ballad to soothe my ears from Amy's constant shouting. The saviors of the album is the electronic other-worldly Swimming Home and the peacefully dreary Secret Door. both of which sound like solo songs. At this point it seems Amy Lee is being held back by Evanescence. She's stuck making rock music with no artistic merit. Fans of the more harder side of the band will definitely love this album.",1,4,"Oct 11, 2011"
3,"I personally think that this is their worst album so far. The guitar riffs blend into one another and the songs, in all honesty, sound pretty much the same to me. Amy's voice is good as usual, though I even don't think her vocals are as strong as they were on Fallen or The Open Door. Overall quite disappointing, even though I'm going to see them on Monday. I hope they play some older songs.",0,9,"Nov  3, 2011"
3,"Generic, half hearted, and dull are the words that I think of when I hear the tracks off of this album. If one of the themes for this album is falling in love, then just who is this person so admired. From the look and sound of the album and media associated with it, the person is Amy Lee herself. After several line up changes, it seems like Amy Lee has begun to focus more on her own image than maintaining a strong musical backing. Her vocals are there, but the guitar stylings are a dime a dozen in comparison to albums such as the first two released by Wind-Up-- Fallen and The Open Door. The repetitive nature of the album's first single is reminiscent of generic pop singers from the early '00s such as the one hit wonder Jojo and fallen starlet Lindsay Lohan. Drab with no real substance. Just the same stuff repeated over and over again.",0,5,"Nov  7, 2011"
6,"After a five-year hiatus, Evanescence have finally returned with their long awaited third-studio effort produced by English five-time Grammy award winning record producer Steve Lillywhite (U2, Morrisey, The Rolling Stones, etc.). And while Evanescence certainly deliver an album full of fan pleasers, it also fails reach outside that fan base by refusing to reach outside the band's founding sound and in stead chooses to play it safe. Its opening track, 'What You Want', begins with a danceable drumbeat that quickly transforms into an arena-rocking anthem about a failing relationship, ultimately becoming one of the album's most favorable tracks. The most radio-friendly song on the album, 'My Heart Is Broken', however, is the most familiar song when it comes to sound, but that's not a cons in this case, thanks to Lee's soaring vocals and dramatic lyrical content. Its 'My Immortal'-esque ballad, 'Lost In Paradise', will be favored by fans, as well as new listeners, thanks to, again, Lee's vocals and dramatic writing skills. However, the album ultimately fails to appeal through generic alt-metal/nu-metal tracks like 'The Other Side', 'Sick', and 'Never Go Back'. Lee has stated that originally, the band wanted to take a more experimental route by exploring more electronic genres, which could maybe saved this album from being forgettable.",0,1,"Oct 18, 2012"
10,"This album is sadly underestimated where I live, so I didn't even know Evanescence had released a new album until several months later! It's a shame because this is packed-full of energy, complex music with an awesome sound and of course Amy Lee's brilliant voice. My personal favorites (from the Deluxe version) are: Made of Stone, The Change, My Heart is Broken, Erase This (Got this on my running track music), Lost In Paradise (gives me goosebumps!), Sick (we live in a sick, twisted World when we think about it), Never Go Back (awesome energy!), New Way to Bleed (love the drums, big sound!), Secret Door (A typical Amy Lee Ballad).
Give it a listen, you won't regret it. //LlemonFlame",0,1,"Nov 12, 2014"
6,"While Evanescence's sophomore effort Open Door felt more like Amy Lee's experimental solo project accompanied by 'chugga-chugga' guitars, Evanescence (claims) to be a heavier record that relies more on organic rock music rather than the electronic rock album Lee intended to make before meeting producer Nick Raskulinecz. The lead single, 'What You Want', begins with stadium-shaking drums and Lee's powerful vocals, shouting: 'Do what you, what you want!' And while it is certainly catchier than recent rock songs, it lacks the spunk of previous single 'Call Me When You're Sober'. More tracks that represent the album's rock intentions are 'Made of Stone', an alternative metal song that includes Lee's etheral vocals, chunky, churning guitars throughout the verses, and a surprisingly well-thought out guitar solo towards the finale; 'The Other Side', a song that relies on heavy metal influences whilst singing about dying and the afterlife. The standout tracks from the album are 'The Change', that relies on an electronic feel, beginning with a gentle vibes that transform into typical Evanescence; 'My Heart is Broken', the most faithful and seemingly familiar song from the album that contains the strings, piano, guitar riffs and catchy chorus fans adored from the previous albums; 'Lost in Paradise', a tear-jerking ballad that begins with Lee's enchanting vocals accompanied by a beautiful piano before transforming quickly into traditional rock-ballad formula that's still beautiful. Overall, Evanescence probably would have been better if it were more explorative and experimental like the band's previous album. Nothing against traditional rock albums, but Evanescence just refuses to reinvent the genre, the band or Lee herself, making it more of a 'check this out' than a recommendation.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2011"
10,"I'll be honest. The changes in the group components that Evanescence has suffered throughout its existence has clearly marked the style of its music. Some may like them more, some less, but something we cannot deny is  the fact that they sound really good anyway. However, I must confess I'm such a fan of Evanescence that I am barely able to give an objective opinion without falling into flattery... Evanescence still rocking, and Amy is a goddess and a great artist!",0,0,"Nov  1, 2011"
10,"One of the most under-rated Albums of 2011.  Very heavy stuff for Evanescence and in the pop radio landscape it got very little promotion.
The part of the album is some rocking out head banging fun. Some amazingly beautiful ballads intermixed throughout the middle and end make this a must buy!!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2013"
6,"Even in 2014, Evanescence's return in 2011which came out half of a decade after 2006's The Open Doordisappoints me. To admittedly be one of their most enthusiastic fans for years and years and to love literally everything they've done to datefrom their unreleased late-'90s material to their B-sides, Amy Lee and her fellow interchangeable band members made me feel let down. The experimental and electronic music influenced album hyped during their work with producer Steve Lillywhite (U2, The Rolling Stones) was cancelled in favor of completely tossing out any refreshing ideas and recording songs that could've been B-sides from their Fallen days. It's the '10s, why do bands continue to try and resurrect nu-metal?
That's not saying there aren't any redeeming records on here: 'My Heart Is Broken' has that signature everything-I-touch-dies sort of melodrama within the musicianship + Lee's knock-out vocals belting out the album's catchiest chorus ('My heart is broken/Sweet sleep, my dark angel'); 'Lost in Paradise' is musically My Immortal, Pt. 2, a completely dramatic and chill-inducing rock ballad where Lee apologizes to her fans for being human and wanting more than fame and fortune; 'Swimming Home' is gloomy gothtronica at its finest and bonus track 'Secret Door' has to be one of Lee's most breathtaking vocal performances in her career of many, many, well, breathtaking vocal performances.
But all-in-all, nothing's very new. The influences of Bjork, Depeche Mode, and MGMT aren't visible in plain sight due to the forgettable and formulaic 'rock' moments, which sound more like re-written Disturbed or Korn songs rejected from the final cuts of the albums. Amy Lee is the heart and soul of Evanescence. Though her band members try their very best to make a really, really rad rock record, they hold Lee back from exploring her inner ambition she flirted with on her cover of The Nightmare Before Christmas' 'Sally's Song' and her recent solo album for the 2014 film War Story. It's not terrible and I'd even recommend it to longtime Evanescence fans, however, it's just not what it could have been.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2014"
8,"I was quite surprised with this album as it had a lot more hits than I thought. Kelly's moved to more of a dance direction and it really works for her, but her R&B are also spot-on and overall it makes for a nice diverse album!",1,1,"Jan 19, 2013"
6,"I completely disagree with the other user's review about this being her weakest effort.First and foremost Kelly will NEVER be Beyonc. I think it's very unfortunate and unfair that people will always pit them against one another. I'm not even going to entertain any comparisons to Keri Hilson, Ashanti or Ciara.What I will do is compare 'Here I Am' to Ms. Rowland's previous efforts.'Here I Am' takes certain themes from Kelly's previous album 'Ms. Kelly' and kicks them up a notch. It is definitely a better album than her debut 'Simply Deep' which tried but failed at being 'deep', and was obviously rush-released to capitalize off the success of 'Dilemma'. I'm not sure if 'Here I Am' is a better album overall than her sophomore effort 'Ms. Kelly' but it is a very good album.In order to really enjoy the album you have to be open to many genres of music. This is an album that isn't meant to be taken too seriously. The front-half of the album is laced-with urban radio hits: an Urban-pop club banger, 2 breezy mid-tempos, and the steamy lead single. The album continues with a sing-a-long mid-tempo about self-love and a club banger with stuttering militant production. The album then slows down with a sizzling mid-tempo number about making love and a ethereal ballad. The final 2 tracks : the #1 Dance/Club hit Commander  and Down for Whatever will definitely catch the attention of Pop radio listeners and club-goers. The main issues I have with 'Here I Am' is the fact that the songs blatantly cater to radio, and the excess guest features.The essential tracks on the album are: Motivation, Lay it On Me, Work it Man, Keep it Between Us, and Feeling Me Right Now. The other 5 tracks on the standard album are great songs, but they aren't up to par quality-wise as the 5 listed.Despite the drawbacks this is still solid effort and an enjoyable listen.",1,4,"Jul 27, 2011"
3,"Sorry, I highly disagree with this rating of a 68, this is her WEAKEST record to date.  It doesnt get anymore lackluster than this. This album is extremely immature & shows no growth whatsoever. Motivation is the only good song on the whole thing. The rest are Filler & okay at the very best. If her sister Beyonce's Epic masterpiece album 4 gets a 74 from the critics then surely this doesnt deserve more than a 50. Most of it sounds like Kellys trying too hard to be the next ashanti, ciara or keri hilson & her sole goal is the next basic urban radio hit that sound like something every other basic chick can do only better. it just doesnt work for her.",0,6,"Jul 26, 2011"
7,"Kelly's 3rd album 'Here I Am' aptly titled to declare her 'arrival' on the music scene. Yes, she' has been solo for quite some years, but she has always been in the iconic Beyonce's shadow. Kelly has been riding a high with her hit single 'Motivation' spending 7 weeks at #1 on the R&B charts, as well as her exceptional BET Awards performance earlier. I think 'Here I Am' represents her true introduction and her growth as an artist vying to stand on her own and prove herself. With 'Here I Am' she has a lot to prove. 'Here I Am' is quite enjoyable from start to finish. While it is her best album to date, it is not the album that will solidify her as the superstar that she can be. Top 5 tracks: All of the Night, Lay It On Me, Motivation, Heaven and Earth and Commander. Overall, a solid effort, but not the one that makes Kelly, the solo artist, a household name.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2011"
9,"After several singles released to precede the album, 'Here I Am' deserves the wait. It sounds grown-up and so confident that we don't even bother to recognize the material's not original. We love the sexy sound blend with some up-tempo potential dance hits. It might be Kelly's time to be recognize her talent and as a solo artist.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2011"
10,"Esse album pode se considerar o melhor de toda a carreira de Kelly Rowland. Aqui encontramos vrias faces de uma mesma Kelly. Que pode se direcionar para qual direo lhe  mais conveniente. Deve-se destacar Turn It Up, I'm Dat Chick, e Down for Whatever, msicas muito bem produzidas onde toda a potncia de Kelly  mostrada a tona.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2011"
8,"Really nice album put out by Kelly Rowland and one of my favorites. The standouts were 'Lay It On Me', 'All of the Night', 'Keep It Between Us' and 'Turn It Up'.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
10,"This album is just flawless. Every track is amazing. Kelly's vocals are perfect and  the production of the songs is very good.  One of the best albums released in 2011.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"This Album Is great I would recommend it to anyone it is absolutely fantastic Kelly Rowland Rules and this album has to be one of my favourites i think this albums rating should be fairly high and it is worthy of a high ranking to",0,0,"Mar  5, 2013"
10,"By far the best album of any post Destiny's Child record. Kelly Rowland is a true diva and deserves every credit because this album is flawless. I would recommend it to anybody who is into R&B or dance music, it is the perfect fusion of the two genres. Her smooth vocals are a true delight.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2013"
9,"An extremely enjoyable album from Kelly Rowland. The mix of slow jams, dance tracks, and mid-tempo ballads surprisingly sit well and compliment each other. Seems Kelly Rowland needs more credit.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2014"
0,"Never have I heard an album as bad as this. Generic triplety backbeats processed more than pet food, sludge-like electronic noises, and awful, unnecessarily dirty lyrics. The title of the album is actually very fitting. Apology not accepted though. Pathetic.",6,7,"Nov 16, 2011"
3,"The album is simply bad - very bad, full of forgettable, low quality 'party rock'. Even if you want soulless party music, buy something else.Listen: Best Night.",10,12,"Jun 23, 2011"
0,"What the **** is this ****
Common lyrics: (autotune slo-mo) I'm seeexy, seeexy, I old nuff to drink beer so I best, we named after colors. Seeexinessssss.
That vs. a RAPPER such as Nas or Rakim Allah or KRS-One, you better know those three or **** YOU too, they are real legends.
LMFAO formerly Sexe Boys, even though I think a hairless dog looks better, suck **** their 'interchangable odes' according to some reviewer somewhere, suck **** ATTENTION: interchangeable means same. Same ain't GOOD in music. **** LMFAO",3,4,"Aug  1, 2012"
0,"Why would somebody like this horrible and disgusting album? Besides, this is the opposite of party rocking. This is the kind of album that must be forgotten and never be listened.",2,3,"Feb 23, 2012"
0,"This is nails on a chalkboard for 40 minutes -- two arrogant people with little to no musical talent and no songwriting abilities rapping about how they're the best. 'Party Rock Anthem' is generally harmless in its demeanor, but 'Champagne Showers' and 'Sexy and I Know' are incredibly disgusting songs with no meaning and do not separate themselves from the rest of the electro-crunk world, and the rest of the CD is just filler.",2,3,"Jan  2, 2012"
5,"Overall the album isn't the best I've ever heard , but 4 songs are worth listening : Champagne Showers , Party Rock Anthem , Sorry For Party Rocking and Sexy and I know It the rest is crap :(",3,6,"Aug  8, 2011"
2,"This album is a complete let down. Its first single 'Party Rock Anthem' is worth listening to but the rest of the album isn't. I had high hopes for this record but it was just not living up to its expectations.",1,2,"Jun 29, 2011"
0,"Complete and utter crap. Couldn't even get through the first song without wanting to break something. That's all I have to say, but this has to be one hundred and fifty characters long.",1,3,"Jul  5, 2011"
3,"With 'Sorry For Party Rocking' LMFAO maybe will have a lot of hits, but this album hasn't got substance. It's the kind of album with 5 or 6 hits that you listen a lot of times in a month.... But then you'll forget this for listen new hits by new groups",1,3,"Mar 25, 2012"
1,"'Party Rock Anthem'  'Sexy and I Know It' are two funny songs for the dance floor and have a fun lyric. But then release an album i think it's too much, we cannot support 40 minutes of this band that use cliche electronic beats.",1,4,"Nov 21, 2011"
8,"Better... Realy Better that Party Rock with Gold o Platinum Certtification, but there are two Songs disgusting (Take It In The Hole & Hot Dog)... Blah,  Blah,  Blah,  Blah,  Blah,  Blah,  Blah,  Blah.",2,9,"Jun 23, 2011"
10,"very good album all my fav song. my 2 fav lmfao songs are party rock anthem and sexy and i know it . it kept me shuffling all day long.fav album everrrrrr",3,15,"Oct 21, 2011"
9,"This is a party album and a good one at that. The thing I like about LMFAO is that they create unique songs and do their best to make sure none of their songs sound alike and this album is a perfect example. There's a few songs on the album that require you to listen to a few times until you can grow on it but overall the album is impressive. I've found myself enjoying every track on it and I see no reason why anyone wouldn't like this album...especially if you partyyyy.",1,6,"Jul 13, 2011"
4,"Disapointing compared to Party Rock. Yes, the production level is top-notch on this one, but they seem to lose concentrate their funny **** into few songs. But their **** level is too high for me to take them seriously with love songs. Get back to Party Rock NOW!",1,7,"Apr  1, 2012"
9,"Hey, you know what... they actually added more catchy party songs...PARTY ROCK!!!",1,14,"Nov 11, 2011"
5,"This album was okay. It wasn't nothing special about the album. THis album does have more dance tracks. This album is just average. There isn't really any song that separates this album firm the last album or other albums. LMFAO is a very talented group with really good dance songs. I wouldn't suggest this album to anyone but however I would suggest some songs from this album. One of my favorite song from the bum is party rock anthem. PRA is the best song on the album. another song i would recommend is the track sorry for party rocking. Theres another track that is really nice on the album called champagne showers. The song has Natalia Kills on it. Natalia Kills is a very talented artist. This song has some really good dance tracks but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.",0,1,"Jun 27, 2011"
0,"Oh my goodness, this album is much worse than the Party Rock album. This album is just a complete breakdown and a    complete disaster.........",0,1,"May 24, 2012"
9,"This album is a great production and has a more pop feeling than LMFAO's debut album, Party Rock. The album contains a couple of great collaborations: Eva Simons, Natalia Kills, Will.I.Am and Calvin Harris, but you have to love dance and electro music to like this album",0,6,"Jul  1, 2011"
3,"They're arrogant, they're irritating, they're tallentless, say hello to LMFAO's down right terrible album where the vocals are mercilessly drowned in auto tune. The only decent sounding track was 'Party Rock Anthem,' which was saved by its catchy instrumental.",0,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
2,"This is so horrible. I would rather listen to screaming kindergardeners than listen to this. If you like 'Party Rock Anthem' and 'Sexy And I Know It' there is a reason why those songs were released over all th other ones.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2013"
2,"Funny and enjoyable, but with no focus, highlights, context or even good sounds, if you wanna really party rock, this isn't the best way to achieve what you want.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2013"
5,"This is a really neat duo. Their songs are dancable but mostly suitable at the same time. The beats are strong with the easy layers of a song. Toons are really catchy such as Party Rock Anthem. The vocals are rich with some cool hooks. But somerimes they use autotune a little to much. The basslines are heavily layered which is good. But some songs you knew they are trying just to get a few $ and they don't put that much effort into it.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2014"
8,"She couldn't get over her best musically work 'Brave' or her vocally best work 'Como Ama Una Mujer' but it isa great pop music album. It has some of everything, it has some dance-pop tracks, latin influences, hip-hip and r&b influences which are so common on J.Lo's work. I have never liked the idea of her working with RedOne but I think he is an ok producer now. The only filler on the album is Run The World for the rest is amazing.",2,2,"Jan 18, 2012"
9,"Wow, I am very shocked to see the ratings of this album. I have to say that it is much better than the Brave album, but it has lower scores. It is clearly one of her best albums, if not the best.",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Definitely her best album ever, songs more rythmic and radio friendly, much better than her three previous ones, thank God she left the stupid hip hop sound.",1,1,"May 28, 2011"
9,"'Love?' has been the only album I've really been hanging out for this year, and let me tell you, it was worth it. I've been loving every song since the album came out. A must have.",1,1,"Jun 19, 2011"
10,"I thoroughly enjoyed the album!  I'm not understanding why fans/critics aren't enjoying it.  The album shows a new side of Jennifer that includes elements of dance/dubstep and techno.  Standout tracks on the record are 'What Is Love?', 'Until It Beats No More', 'Papi', 'One Love', and 'Hypnotico', especially 'Hypnotice'..Such a fun, dancy album :)",1,1,"Apr 19, 2012"
10,"The best J Lo album yet! Keep em coming J Lo! I love ya! The highlights are: On The Floor, Papi, Good Hit, I'm into You, What is Love, and Run The World. I recommend this album to any fan of her and haters can go back to their holes!",1,1,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"This album 'Love?',  marked a major comeback in the music career of Jennifer Lopez. The selection of songs was a definite play on her strengths and popularity  of Lopez in the dance and Latin genres. Lead single 'On the Floor', which topped the national charts in 18 countries, was a real standout from the album and a great club banger, with a touch of Latin flavor. The replacement of the more generic pop song 'Loubotons' with 'On the Floor' as a lead single was certainly a smart move from Lopez and her team. Other standouts from the album include Latin anthem Papi, the summery pop track 'I'm into you', the self reflective pop tune 'One love'  and the sweet ballad 'Until it Beats no More'. 'Until it beats no More' is a unique track, which showcases the range of Lopez's voice and is a refreshing new sound for Lopez, which I hope she explores further in the future. This album was certainly another step in the right direction for this multi-talented  star, emphasising that as an artist in both music and acting she is never to be written off. Personally, I enjoyed the album immensely and hope for more of this sort of work from Lopez in the future.",1,1,"Jan 12, 2016"
10,"This album is just AWESOME, Jennifer Lopez definetly did a great job and Love? has a lot of fantastic musics and great vocals. On the Floor is one of the best dance musics of the year, Until It Beats no More is beautiful. I loved it.",2,3,"Nov 14, 2011"
5,"This album is mediocre she should be able to make a descent album by now. It has some highlights like 'On The Floor' but other than that this album is just another pop record with no substance.",3,5,"Jun 30, 2011"
9,"Don't listen to what the critics are saying about this album. This album is probably one of JLo's best works and it offers something for everyone: ballads, high energy techno songs, hip hop influenced tracks and more. It's updated for today's generation and shows that this chick has still got the mojo after all these years. The album even features songs produced by Lady Gaga and Rihanna (in the deluxe edition) which are really good as well. If you're still hesitating, give this album a try, you will not regret it.",4,7,"May  5, 2011"
9,"This album surprised me, do not think Jennifer Lopez would make an album so cool. All her previous albums I did not like and not like it even more this has improved greatly. I do not know what gives the head of these people give a mixed note for this CD if Jennifer has evolved considerably. 9.0",6,11,"May  5, 2011"
7,"The album is good, some of the stand out tracks are 'I'm into You' 'Papi' and 'Hypnotico' Get these songs and maybe not the whole album.",1,2,"May 13, 2011"
10,"Best comeback album EVER! With a SMASH hit like On the foor and some of the best production i've heard in a while! I'm into you, Good Hit and Invading my mind are pure masterpieces! But great vocals and lyrics in songs like Starting over and What is love really make this album stand out!",1,2,"May  2, 2014"
0,"this whole album sucks especially 'on the floor' . they keep over playing that stupid song on the radio. what ever happened to creative lyrics? if not for Pitt Bull this song would be pure garbage, but i guess if you have the money to throw away anyone could make crappy songs with stupid lyrics, here we go if you are from Havana get on the floor, if you like green banana get on the floor, if you are from New Jersey got on the floor, if you speak in Italian get the floor, if you paid for this album get on the floor, drop this crappy CD on the floor, now stomp on the floor, stomp on the floor  stomp on the floor, on the floor on the floor, on the floor!!!!",2,9,"May 21, 2011"
0,"Sure, it's okay for pop to copy paste a good song from the 50s and mix it with a **** generic dance beat. Great music. So deep. Especially the part where she writes her own musi - OH WAIT. Please don't buy this. Instead, look up Koama- Lambada and show more respect of original good music than J-Lo apparently does.",1,5,"Nov 16, 2011"
5,"I don't like this album a lot,  I think that she made better CDs in the past. We can found good hits in this album like 'On the Floor' or 'Papi' but i don't like the biggest part of the songs. I hope that in future she'll make good album like her first CDs, not like this. ( sorry for my English )",1,5,"Mar 25, 2012"
4,"To me, Love? is like Boring! On the Floor although managed to peak #3 on the Hot 100, I'm Into You didn't have enough power to make this album go nuts about, i give it a 4 out 10 because i find some tracks boring and unoriginal.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2011"
4,"Almost every track on this record was produced by RedOne, Danja, or Tricky. You would figure with the titans of dance and hip-hop production behind her, this would make it one of the greatest records in years. Fortunately, its not the production. The lyrics, on the other hand, fail hard enough to convince listeners that any Disney channel star should be in line ahead of Lopez for the Hall of Fame.Songs like 'Until It Beats No More' and 'Starting Over' border Emo, with lyrics like 'I was fading but you pulled me through. I was hurt, thought I died [...]' [Until It Beats No More] and 'I can feel it getting colder, I'm afraid of starting over' [Starting Over]. The only aspect of these songs that's listenable is the production by Radio and Danja, respectively.The upbeat tracks like 'Papi' also fail miserably. It would be wonderful to say that 'Papi' always makes you dance but half-way through the second verse it may dawn on you that you're singing along to what sounds like a page out of pre-Women's Rights era America, a time when women were considered not only less intelligent but useless outside of the home. 'Hypnotico' and 'Invading My Mind' were contributions co-written by Lady Gaga; songs that clearly could not have made a Gaga record, but apparently inspired Lopez to see if she could get some attention by mimicking the sound. Few, if any, of the dance tracks are worth dancing too, but may make wonderful features to an aerobics DVD.Not every song feels like a bullet was taken to the concept of good music though. Lopez recounts her prior relationships on the track, 'One Love'; this one song is the closest thing to a sincere song about love on the whole record. [This may be why there's a question mark appended to the word in the album's title? Was Lopez, herself, unsure that the album discussed the concept of love in any realistic way?]What was cited as the biggest comeback for Mrs. Lopez ultimately falls flat on its face. Of the 16 songs that make up this record, only five received a score from me of 6 or higher. The standout track remains the album's first single, 'On the Floor', which gave Lopez her first Top 5 hit in nearly 8 years. Follow-up single, 'I'm Into You', has peaked at #72 on the Hot 100 and quickly fell before the video for it premiered. Although the production is some of the best money can buy, it seems that 90 cents of every dollar was spent there while only 10 cents went to the actual writers.Overall, noteworthy songs include first single 'On the Floor', '(What Is) Love?', 'One Love', and",0,1,"Jul 11, 2011"
5,"There are only a few great tracks, the other are fillers. One of the things that save this album from flopping hard is RedOne's magnificent job... I think she should just focus on American Idol for now, and when she has some free time work on another record.",0,1,"Feb 11, 2012"
6,"'Papi' and 'On the Floor' are the clear standouts in the album. But overall, the whole album is inconsistent, there are good tracks and there are mediocre tracks. The two standout songs really lifted the whole album. But I'm still looking for the consistency of the whole album, that's why I only gave a 6............",0,1,"Jul 22, 2012"
5,"lbum bom, porem deixa desejar em varias caracteres, ele fica chato quando se escuta de mais por isto da critica mista,mas os picos do lbum fazem voc danar muito!",0,1,"Mar 26, 2013"
2,"This album is trash. She tried to be like Britney Spears and she failed. It's basically the same beat even on the ballads. Jennifer Lopez ahold really stick to movies.",0,1,"Aug  6, 2013"
2,"Lopez's promise with catchy lyrics and #1 songs tries to masquerade the fact that the album has nothing either relevant or intelligent to celebrate. All we can really notice, after a dancefloor-stuck brouhaha, is that she and her unnecessarily canonized guests did party a whole awful lot.",0,1,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Jennifer Lopez comeback could have been much better crafted, some catchy tunes, some mid tempo ballads, dancey tracks. But as i listened i didnt feel much work was put into this, even though it took her 2 years to create it. 'On the Floor' 'Papi' 'Starting Over' are the albums highlights, the deluxe edition bonus track 'Charge Me Up' is a track that should have been in the standard version, because of its unique techno sound. Overall, a good album but could have been better",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
7,"This album was good, not to shabby. Some of the songs I personally like like 'On the floor' and 'Hypnotico'. It also had a great party vibe in the album and might be the best album from Jennifer Lopez.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
10,"Jennifer Lopez is back finally to the dancefloor! Jennifer delivers great simple tunes that are just to dance, while offering other more personal love tracks, variety is here present. Some call it, typical pop, while I call it how true pop dance should be. Jennifer doesn",0,0,"Dec 15, 2011"
9,"A Really Big Step Up For JLO!
I 100% Hate All Her Other Albums But This Album Is So Catchy And Fun And Really Show's JLO Is Really A True Singer!
One Of The Best Albums Of 2011!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2012"
10,"A great album and the best comeback. OTF was a massive hit and i'm still jamming this song. I'm Into You, What Is love, One Love, Hypnotico are masterpieces.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
9,"Love is a great album full of Pop records. It's not R&B friendly like her previous albums, but delivers a few memorable tracks like the anthem 'On The Floor'  and the Lady Gaga written track 'Hypnotico'.
Other highlights are 'I'm Into You' and 'Starting Over'.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is very fun and probably one of her best! I enjoyed all of the songs, and highlights are definitely 'Papi', 'Invading My Mind', 'Hypnotico' and 'Charge Me Up'. I love the consistency of this album overall and it definitely surprised me since I didn't expect it to be this good!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2016"
9,"This is pop music. Jennifer conseguiu fazer seu retorno na msica pop em grande estilo e com muita dana. Um dos melhores regressos j visto por ns.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2016"
10,"I love this album. 'Do it like a Dude' is one of the best songs of the year! Congratulations Jessie J, you have a piece of my heart. If you  (Jessie J) continue on this path will be the next to pop artists like Lady Gaga",3,3,"Jun 11, 2011"
8,"um lbum muito bom, demostra uma grande capacidade vocal de uma grande cantora  com letras que demostram uma vulnerabilidade adorvel, o destaque do lbum  a letra de Mamma Knows Best e Who You Are.",2,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
9,"The best album of Jessie J, never thought a debut album would be as good as this, great music, well-chosen singles and the vocals are impressive, I need a second version of it.
Highlights: Big White Room and Domino
Lows: Casualty Of Love and I Need This",2,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"minha xota q tem q fica com amarelo so tem hino hino amo de superao ante bulen amo arraso jessie melhor album to fazendo isso pela giovanna mas adoro vc adeus xo",2,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"I love this album so much. Jessie J do it very well. I love track like Who You Are, Domino, Laserlight, Do It Like A Dude and Mamma Knows Best. Her vocal is amazing.",1,1,"Oct 12, 2013"
0,"As part of a special interrogation in Guantanamo Bay, this album would be sure to extract all information in its first rotation. No need to put it on repeat to break the prisoner, he is already begging for mercy after the first couple of songs:'Please make it stop!' J.J's voice becomes grating and the amusical mannerisms in the delivery unbearable somewhere half way through each song. The songs themselves seems to be pastiches of every currently in vogue style; there is even song where she does a bad imitation of some kind of Jamaican dialect. It just can't get anymore insincere than this.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2015"
3,"Sadly, the result here is a rushed album that sounds cheap throughout. 'Do It Like a Dude', 'Price Tag' and the Brit Award for 'Critics Choice' led many people to expect something great, but what they got was something rather different. Vocal showboating and pointless 'quirky' lyrics do not make for a great album.",3,4,"May  8, 2012"
2,"POSITIVE - Not many at all. She does have one hell of powerful voice, that is without doubt. 'Price Tag' and 'Do It Like A Dude' are simply brilliant tracks, produced to perfection and deserve the success they had. But sadly that's it. the nice comments are over. NEGATIVE. 'One of the biggest disappointment i've ever bought' - this was my first comment on this album. I was so excited for this album, i genuinly convinced myself it was going to be fantasitc. Winning 'Critics Choice' at the Brit Awards we all expected a polished, clean yet dirty album....but really ? Did the 'Critics' that gave her that award listen to her work before hand, or was sombody paid to give her the award ? This album is terrible. I've never heard such awful vocal showboating and over the top, tyring to hard, silly lyrics in all my life. The entire album sounds rushed, unfinished and all in all boring. And at what point do artists and record labels think that it's ok to release tracks after the album and totally remix them, 'Nobody's Perfect' - dull and lifeless on the album with vocals that make you want to slap her and tell her just shut up and stop wailing (we know you can sing...so why are you still trying to proove you can?) - But amazingly after this album got such mixed to negative reviews 'Nobody's Perfect' was re-recorded with new vocals and a heavier beat...all in all releasing a good song....THIS IS NOT OK ! Your setting fans up to think the album will be as good as the single, which is not the case. And for those of us who already own the album, know this is what you've done...it's an insult. I could go on but i'm not going to.
OVERALL - A lifeless, boring, meaningless album. Vocals that are good, but turn sour after the 150th time of hearing her overuse them. It won't go down in history for any good reasons, it will drift into backgrounds of clothing shops and supermarket radios. Simply a flip off to fans who waitied so patiently for her. Dreadfull album.",1,2,"May 24, 2011"
7,"This album covers, slow to up beat and rapping music. All the while you are left with the feeling that this young British artist has spent a long time thinking these songs through and has come up with some very touching and thought-provoking songs. I loved Jessie J from the moment i heard 'Do it like a dude' and straight away went out and bought her album to be thrilled, yet again, with the contents of her songs.Anyone who enjoys young British artists, will definitely enjoy this album.",1,2,"May 30, 2011"
10,"I love this album. Jessie J has a amazing voice. Surely did prove on this album that she can sing. Love  the catchy beats and tunes. She sounds better than a lot of american R&B/pop singer.",1,2,"Sep 16, 2011"
4,"Jessie J has been one of the UK pop revelations during 2011. However 'Who You Are' is not an album that justifies all the hype she has been getting. Jessie J has a great voice, but she misuses her talent sounding almost hysterical in some of the tracks. In addition, she relies on gimmicks in most of her songs ('Who You Are', 'Who's Laughing Now') and she falls flat to give them her own twist. Like most of her pop contemporaries, she relies on Dr. Luke's productions to get obvious hits ('Price Tag', 'Domino') and at least she achieves some notable pop songs with those works. There are some hidden gems in the album ('Do It Like a Dude') but it is not a strong debut. Hopefully she can step up her game. Highlights: Do It Like a Dude, Price Tag, Mamma Knows Best",1,2,"Mar 25, 2012"
9,"A dazzling, charming, colourful album, ornated with Jessie J's unusual but steady vocals. The topics this newbie sings off are not very original, but still, the album works surprisingly well, giving off that joyous vibe that combines Katy Perry and Nicki Minaj into a whole new star.",1,3,"Apr 14, 2011"
10,"To be a new artist, that hasn't received the promotions due to her, I Think She's AWESOME!",1,3,"May  4, 2011"
0,"Just awful. This girl, who seems nice and fairly talented, should be ashamed of selling herself so cheaply to every whim and demand of pop culture and record labels. It's a sad thing to see. It would not have been a groundbreaking record but could have been a nice guilty pleasure. Now it's just watered down p*iss.",0,3,"May 13, 2011"
0,"Definitely one of the worst albums I've ever heard. Music boring, tedious, who can not be attractive. Except perhaps not even a song on this CD. Perhaps 'Domino' which is blatant plagiarism 'Last Friday Night.'",0,1,"Jul 14, 2012"
10,"This album is all about the music & This is one of the best albums I've ever heard. I was going through a very very tough time when this was released, and this album got me back on my feet. Jessie J is amazing! I will always be a True Heartbeat",0,1,"Apr 30, 2013"
8,"'Who You Are' is one of the best Pop album from 2011! Jessie J voice is so great and her lyrics are amazing!! I cannot explain how I felt while I was listening this one... This album is biggest than her others albums, that's all!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2014"
8,"Un buen lbum, la mayora de canciones son bastante pegadizas, no se a que se deben esas notas tan mediocres de algunos. Algunas de estas canciones se oyen un montn de veces en la radio.",0,1,"Oct 16, 2014"
10,"A rainha do UK, mais conhecida como Jessie J marcou o mundo musical com seu lbum de estreia Who You Are, que hitou e vendeu horrores no seu pas materno e nos outros quatro cantos do mundo. Mesmo com debut #2 UK e #11 Billboard 200, nada prejudicou as vendas. nica cantora que colocou 6 singles no top 10 do chart britnico com o 1 lbum. Conseguiu dois hits mundiais, Price Tag e Domino. Dona de uma voz imensa e poderosa, tem para doar, vender e emprestar. Compositora de mos cheias e j participou de algumas produes musicais.  O talento dela  nitdo e com o passar do tempo foi crescendo mais! Um dos melhores lbuns da minha vida e um presente para o pop/r&b/urban/dance/hit/conceitual. Who You Are  um lbum que Katy Perry sempre pediu a Deus e ela s recebeu o Katy Hudson, um fracasso em todos os quesitos.",0,3,"Aug 26, 2014"
8,"Who You Are  um CD que marcou a carreira de Jessie.  seu melhor lbum at agora, com msicas divertidas e muito gostosas de ouvir. As melhores so Price Tag, Rainbow e Abracadabra.",0,1,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"vdd miguel ne melhor album vo da na cara dessa gente affffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff oi heartbeats",0,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"After seeing Jessie J on SNL I went out and picked up her CD. I was pleasantly surprised with the rest of the CD.  Not your ran in the ground Kesha sound or overly produced Katy Perry sound either. This chick has a set of pipes!! She has a large voice. Reading through the reviews Jessie J is love her or hate her. From her first CD, I love her!! There are a lot of songs on this cd that are brilliant.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2011"
1,"The biggest disappointment by an overated artist. Do It Like A Dude, Price Tag and the Critics Choice Brit Award set fans sights, including my own, far to high. She can sing, we understand that, but is there any need to show that off through the entire album ? And what's with the silly voices ? Oh, and yet another thing...i find it utterly offence when 'fans' like myself buy and album and then the artist releases singles and totally remixes them, thanks for the huge slap in face and ripping me off with the **** version. Do It Like A Dude and Price Tag save this album from being nothing but a pile of unfinished, patchy, cheesy and cheap songs mashed together by over the top - proove yourself vocals that do nothing but annoy the fans that sadly, she won't have left if she carries on releasing garbage like this.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2011"
5,"Jessie J falls into the same category as Christina Aguilera. Both singers actually have nice voices, but decides to purposely fall into the same 'Pop Diva' category.  Her single Money is pretty good, but there is a lot of unnecessary vocalizing in her other tracks.  That's the crappy side of Pop Music. You have singers with limited range whose 'average' voice blend with its deliberately produced beats (case in point, Kylie Minogue).  Yet there are singers who can actually sing who are disadvantaged and over powers songs that are 'electronically processed'.  In the end, she felt like a second rate 'Lady Gaga'.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2013"
6,"Jessie's voice is amazingly strong and delivers very well in every song. However, I feel her talent is sort of ruined thanks to Dr Luke and his incredible ability to produce generic songs and turn the artists he works with into mainstream pop stars. Jessie J has A LOT of potential and if she had another producer that really used that potential, Jessie would be one of the most respected artists in the business. Why would anyone use autotune with a voice like Jessie's? I have mad respect for her because I know she's a true, hard-working artist, I just think she could do WAY better. I know she can.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2012"
9,"The album is very experimental, which most people really won't like, so that explains the negative reviews most people have givven. But I appreciate the experimental sound on the album, and personally think it's a fantastic album.The album opens with 'Price Tag', one of the only popular songs on the album. Surprisingly, I've never been a huge fan of it. It's refreshing, yes. But it's a little bit repretative. We get it, it's not about the money. But the album quickly goes into a more R&B turn with the next two tracks 'Nobody's Perfect' and 'Abracadabra'. Both are fantastic songs, Nobody's Perfect being the superior. The feel slows down for the songs 'Big White Room' and 'Casualty of Love'. Big White Room gets the award for most feeling on the album. Her emotion in it is flawless. Casualty of Love is one of the  most unique things I've heard. I like it's out there feeling.For the next three songs, the CD takes an R&B/Urban twist, starting with 'Rainbow'. Rainbow is really cool & catchy. It's certaianly not the best song on the album, but it's still pretty good. The next song, 'Who's Laughing Now' is argueably one of the best songs on the album, carrying not only the catchiest beat on the album, but some really empowering lyrics! 'Do It Like A Dude' has good intentions, trying to be a woman-empowerent song, but fails to achieve a positive message because of the language in it (Some certain 4 letter words...). It's a great urban track, but it failed to reach it's goal.'Mamma Knows Best' is the most unique song on the album, taking an obvious inspiration from Christina Aguilera's 'Back to Basics'. I respect that, for B2B is one of my favorite albums of all time. Mamma Knows Best sounds like it could have literally been written for that album. The jazz-tune is so cool & unique! I love it!'L.O.V.E' is a pop-R&B tune about none other than love. I like it, but it's certainly forgettable compared to other songs on the album. ''Stand Up' is like Price Tag done right. A regae-pop track with a positive message. I'm not sure what it's about, but Stand Up is certainly a positive song! It's really cool!The album nears the end of the standard edition with 'I Need This', and I personally think the album should have ended with I Need This. The pop-rock ballad's tune has such a great feel! Even if it is unpopular, I love it!The standard edition ends with the heartfelt ballad 'Who You Are'. It's a flawless song. The lyrics are deep and her vocals shine on it. The deluxe edition contininues though, taking on a more electric feel with 'Domino' and 'Laserlight'. Domino is the first deluxe song. It has been critisized for being 'exactly like a Katy Perry song'. While I see the resemblence, Katy wishes she could do something like Domino. Laserlight is the second deluxe track, sporting a very electric feel, and continues the trend off beautiful lyrics.The deluxe edition comes to a close with 'My Shadow', the best new song on Who You Are. It has a more R&B feel rather than electric, and it's simply marvelous.Despite negative/mixed reviews from critics and listeners, I think 'Who You Are' is a fantastic album by a very talented singer. Jessie is going places, and I'm interested to hear her second album, which is due out later this year or early next year. The key tracks on Who You Are are as follows: Nobody's Perfect, Big White Room, Who's Laughing Now, Do It Like A Dude, Mamma Knows Best, Stand Up, I Need This, Who You Are, Domino, and My Shadow. In the end, I reccomend this to anyone who appreciates music. You really have to appreciate music to enjoy it. Those who listen to whatever is big simply won't get the throwbacks to jazz and real urban music. Radio friendly? Err, no? Good? Yes. Who You Are is a collection of great R&B songs, heartfelt ballads, and lots of experimental things. I think it's a risk well done. I won't tell you to buy it, because most people don't appreciate music like I do, but give it a listen. Great album!",0,0,"Apr 28, 2012"
10,"A Amazing Album!
Very Unique Voice! One Of The Most Underated Album's Of 2011!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
6,"Individual track reviews: Price Tag is kinda catchy but its just too familiar and mediocre to get anything out of.  Not to mention that the message is questionable.  I dont like that this is her biggest hit. 5/10. Nobodys Perfect is more personal & while the lyrics can be a little too straightforward at times, in this case its a sign of sincerity, and the big instrumentation matches it perfectly.  8/10.  Abracadabra shows a bit more label influence and Im surprised it wasnt a single.  The overproduction is a bit distracting & the magic metaphors feel forced & recycled but I guess its decent enough. 6/10.  Big White Room is refreshingly stripped down & genuine, with just her & an acoustic guitar while she delivers some very passionate vocals & lyrics.  Definitely a highlight of the album.  However I dont think it shouldve been a live version, and the stuttering on the going crazy part take away from the mood.  I wouldve preferred a studio version, since the applause can get distracting.  Still its impressive. 7/10.  Casualty of Love is the first taste we get of Jessie as a R&B singer and it works well for her.  The instrumentation is smooth & her powerful delivery & love-centric lyrics fit it very well.  R&B/soul isnt my style but for what it is I can appreciate it. 7/10.  Rainbows overly electronic & noisy beat is a bit annoying & Jessies random squeaks take away from the good lyrics about unity & growing up in hard times.  However, this is only a problem in the verses and the chorus is the best part of the song. 7/10.  Whos Laughing Now is probably the closest shes done to a screw-you-to-haters song, and Im glad she actually managed to tackle that concept well, which is more than what I can say about a lot of modern pop &/or rap artists.  Rather than being about h8rz being jealous of her fame & money, she talks about all the people in her past that doubted her musical dreams & ambitions, and as a result its very believable and easy to go with lyrically.  Again, the music couldve used less electronics but it still works as a whole.  Might be my favorite song on the album.  8/10.  Do It Like a Dude represents everything thats wrong with this album.  Overproduced, trying way too hard to copy other pop stars, mainly Nicki Minaj, & the vocals, lyrics & beat (notice I didnt say instrumentation this time) are annoying.  I just know that Jessies gonna regret this song later in her career. 2/10.  Mamma Knows Best is the most straightforward soul track on this album, and by far the most bluesy. Also Im pretty sure its the only track here to feature a full horn section.  The whole track is just so overwhelmingly confident in the best way possible. 8/10.  L.O.V.E. is a nice change of pace into something more familiar after spending so many tracks in such a strong area one way or the other.  Its just an earnest uplifting singer-songwriter pop love song that gets the job done. My one gripe is that the brief spoken part in the middle is really unnecessary and comes off as obnoxious. 7/10.  Stand Up is a good song in the vocal & lyric departments but the instrumentation is a little too empty to fit the big multi-tracked vocals & slightly clumsy inspirational message, and as a result it doesnt really get any emotion out of me like its trying to do.  It has potential but I dont think this was given the right treatment.  The strings are a nice touch but with not much else in there it just doesnt work very well. 6/10.  I Need This is a pop-rock power ballad about self-reflection that can sound a little bloated in the production area but sounds sincere nonetheless.  But despite the well-done rock instrumentation and emotional vocals, the vocal melodies be a bit awkward & forced.  Decent but not a highlight. 6/10.  The last track on the standard edition, the title track Who You Are, is a fantastic closer about being yourself.  Normally this would be a cookie-cutter theme youd roll your eyes at but Jessie uses real life experiences & insight, as well as some very passionate vocals, to make this a very believable, emotional and original take on a topic that lately pop stars have been laughably driving into the ground. 8/10.  The first bonus track Domino is probably my favorite out of the straightforward pop songs here, the others being Price Tag, Do It & Abracadabra.  While this track doesnt really amaze me and the lyrics arent exactly the deepest here, its easy to see that its just meant to be a fun harmless dance-pop song, and the lyrics dont usually sound cliche.  6/10.  My Shadow is a well-made love song about the dependency of someone youre in a relationship with, and I cant say much about it that I havent already said with the other songs here. 7/10.  And finally, LaserLight feat. David Guetta literally sounds like every other David Guetta song ever.  Its just a blatant throwaway club-pop song. 4/10.  In conclusion this album shows a lot of potential/talent but I really hope the next album is better.  Album rating: 64/100.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2012"
6,"Jessie J's vocal ability blows all modern artists out of the water. I am disappointed by her song choices for her album. Her attractive, bubbly and talented personality primarily brought me to her music, and when I heard her vocal ability I was left wanting more, but the album does fall short. There are moments of amazement like Big White Room, which is so simple, yes less is more and the listeners (and followers of her) envision young Jessie in hospital with a her world seemingly black and white. However, you have moments of 'what were you thinking Jessie?' when you hear 'I gotta have ya' rhymed with 'like abracadabra' and you wonder how long it took her to write such lyrics. To be very frank, her album is slightly disappointing but I can't help but listen and admire her vocal gymnastics and tricks. Being biased here, I do understand her aim with this album, it does pain me that some of the songs were recorded 4 years ago prior to its inclusion on her debut album because the growth of her vocal ability from then is incredible. I do urge you to listen to 'Who You Are' sang live because that song particularly shows her vocal growth and when I heard it in the album, it was slightly too sharp for the ear. I recommend you do give it a listen but not for the lyrics and the instrumentation but for her personality and vocal ability. I do hope that with her next album it is not too commercially pop, although it has worked in her favour with hits like Price Tag, Dominoes and Lazerlight (all three which I despise). Favourite Song: Mamma Knows Best Most Played: Big White Room Best instrumentation: Mamma Knows Best Most endearing: Who you are",0,0,"Nov 29, 2012"
8,"Nice debut album from UK's Jessie J with a great selection of Pop tracks. The lead single wasn't the best perhaps but what followed were some great songs like Price Tag. The album tracks are also pretty impressive.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2013"
10,"Brilliant album, Jessie J has a fantastic voice, i loved it. The songs were amazing to very good, Who you are and Nobody's perfect are great songs and i really enjoyed all the other songs.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2013"
6,"Incredible, versatile voice, but isn't used to her full potential here. Most of the songs have weak lyrics disguised with far too many riffs, and the entire album is over-produced. I heard 'Nobody's Perfect' and 'Who You Are' first in her live performance videos on YouTube, and they were 10x better than on the album. These tracks are good for mindlessly belting out alone in your room or the car but they're too over-the-top to get any real emotion from them. Hopefully she will find some new collaborators to work with on her next album and keep things vocally simpler, but most intelligently constructed.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2013"
10,"This album is unique. 'Who You Are' is an excellent debut album due to the mixing of emotions in the songs and the connection between itself. Jessie's voice is incredible and some instrumentals sounds raw, like Nobody's Perfect, a thing that's great in my opinion because it makes the album sound different from any pop record released that time.",0,0,"May 16, 2016"
10,"This was her most ICONIC album, the singles were perfection, and a great debut for her. Who knows if she can ever top this? Her voice really speaks on this album, and it had six top 10s in the UK. It's a shame it didn't have much attention in the US.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
10,"The best album ever! I love Jessie J! She is the best! All the songs on the album make me well, who you are is a hymn, domino and price tag are the best! Do it like a dude was a blast! Jessie deserves much recognition, not only for voice but also as a person!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2014"
2,"Just... wow. This album is really bad. I'm honestly surprised it's only in the yellow. The songs are all over the place, hopping genres left and right with no flow whatsoever. The music and lyrics are so trite it's actually sometimes painful to listen to (especially L.O.V.E., Nobody's Perfect, Stand Up). I'll admit that Jessie J is an EXTREMELY talented vocalist, but it seems like she's so focused on showing off her impressive chops that she sacrifices writing compelling pop music. There's way too much vocal noodling and not enough memorable hooks or creativity. She has so much potential, but this album is a huge disappointment.
Standout tracks: Who's Laughing Now, Abracadabra",0,0,"Jun 30, 2016"
7,"Jessie J has that unique and powerful tone in her voice which made this album all the more interesting worth spending money on however, her lyrics often are unrelatable and has no significance in the current global crisises.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2015"
4,"I don't know. The album has great bops such as Price Tag, Do It Like A Dude, Who's Laughing Now, Domino, and Who You Are. She tried too hard on this, trying to give off the 'next Lady Gaga' debut album, but fails.",0,0,"May 22, 2015"
10,"Who You are  o lbum dbut da britnica Jessica Ellen Conish, mais conhecida como Jessie J. O lbum  uma zona moderada entre o Pop,R&B,Rock e soul onde ambos os ritmos se encontram sem perder o sentido no disco. Canes como Nobody's Perfect,Who you are e Big White Room conseguem emitir emoes nos ouvintes,enquanto Price Tag,Abracadabra, Do it Like a Dude e Who's Laughing now do um show de reverncia e descontrao,elevando o CD  um lado mais alegre da fora. A cada cano voc obter a sensao de estar encarando uma nova sensao, uma nova sonoridade, uma nova Jessie J, e isso tudo junto s nos demonstra o que realmente Jessica vem tentando nos mostrar: Who you are.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
7,"To me, Femme Fatale is Britney's best album. Of course it could be that now that I listen to her older albums, they sound a bit stale and out of date, whereas Femme Fatale has a more current vibe (obviously, being her latest). The single choice of Criminal threw me a little, though, as I think there are far better songs on this album than that one.",1,1,"May 19, 2012"
9,"I love this. I love this. I love this. 'Femme Fatale' as a whole isn't perfect, I mean, I don't like 'How I Roll' or 'Criminal' as much as the rest of the other songs -  they're a little bland. However, the remaining tracks range from good to perfect.
I can understand why Britney released 'Hold It Against Me', 'Till The World Ends' and 'I Wanna Go' as singles - all 3 are perfect dance-pop tracks. I love the elements of dubstep that slither in songs like 'Seal It With A Kiss' and the album's lead single. And the deluxe tracks are well worth a listen as well.
The best pop album of 2011? I think so.",1,1,"Oct 30, 2012"
3,"This album it's a perfect ballad, but I miss that old Britney's style, she was cute and innovative, and now she just make repetitive dance musics, I'm gaping and disappointed.",1,1,"Mar  9, 2013"
8,"Femme Fatale is a great pop album. An that's much about it. We can't see in this album much input from the artist herself, which was exactly what built Britney's early career. In the past years, after her 'dark' period, Britney hasn't been able to produce or even write tracks, which has a direct result in what comes out as an artist product. There are a lot of 'masterminds' behind the production process and this reflects in non-reflexive and non-personal tracks. I'm not saying that I wish she wrote about war, ocidental thought or anything like that, but I hope for the next few years she and her team realise that what real fans are looking for is her, and not just success.
Throughout the album, 'Britney' delivers a clearer (not as edited as Blackout's) and upbeat sound. We can hear her voice (as far as we can call that) and 'Inside Out' contains a small resemblance of what Britney used to be as a child: a great and potent singer.
As far as it comes to lyrics, it follows the Circus' style of the nonexistence of patterns nor (much) sexual heat. The exception here is 'Big Fat Bass', which has metaphors to male erection.
The music style is more cohesive than her last album as well. Femme Fatale follows a motive (expressed in its title) and, even if is not as explored as in 'In The Zone' or 'Blackout', we cannot say that it doesn't exist.",1,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
0,"Disgusting!! Crude awful and gross. Britney and One More, were flirty and fun, this is just dead and off-putting
Not even any really nice melodies. Like some idiots playing with a computer program with a bunch cheap effects.
The best song is hold it against me, were a fine chorus barely survives an onslaught of special effects.
Dead, gross, dumb.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2013"
5,"Britney excuse me but this album is not good, you have the potential to make (at least compose) best songs, there are few that can be enjoyed this album.
Highlights: Drop Dead and Till The World Ends
Lows: Gasoline and Do not Keep Me Waiting",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Femme Fatale is Really a Great album she should worked harder on her vocals on this album she is really an amazing artist but she nailed it with this album the album highlights were Till The World Ends and Hold it against me.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
4,"In my opinion, Femme Fatale's strikes are innovative, Britney's voice is better and the record hasn't a bad song. The only thing I was kind of disappointed are the lyrics of songs that aren't that creative... for me the best lyrics are from 'Trip To Your Heart' and 'Criminal'.Femme Fatale can't be compared to the previous, because if we really consider it her best work: doesn't have annoying music or bad. The change in style for trance-pop may not please everyone, however it will please the majority. It will bring more fans to Miss. Spears, because we have one of the most mature records of her career. The album wasn't meant to be heard, but felt.Generally, I face Femme Fatale as a unique album. I can't compare this work with no other from Britney. I think everything Britney has done so far is unique. And she nailed it on this album. This is what Pop is. Britney knows how to pop, this is fact. The record didn't disappoint me in any aspect. As each and every album has its ups and downs. I really hope she doesn't ignore 'How I Roll', 'I Wanna Go' and especially 'Criminal' because in my opinion are the best of the album along with 'Trip To Your Heart'. And not being fanatic, but I think Femme Fatale has imperceptible lows. Now it's time to enjoy this record, wait for the bonus tracks and the performance on Good Morning America, the video of Till The World Ends, and something about the new tour.Britney proves once again that doesn't need to follow trend's music to be fashionable... she creates a different vision of pop music, which few or many, will be happy to savor every melody, production stage, choruses, bridges, etc...The album's name does justice to the content. More mature, provocative and daring to the ears of fans and listeners.It may not have sounded so good at first, but once I heard the album on the iPod, I was loving every song. In it we can see an evolution in relation to the last two albums because it presents a great diversity of sounds, lyrics a little more elaborated and somewhat with census, the most important thing is the fact that hasn't such a weakness noted in the recent musical works. The album in general can be very generic but it is this type of rhythm it is essential these days because the music is changing every time that passes. Overall I loved the album, however it won't be my favorite though. It has been noticed that she gave her heart for working through this fantastic album which I am very thankful and she deserves to be congratulated for this. Even though I really loved the record I feel a little disappointed for the fact that the album doesn't have any ballad.",5,6,"Jun 11, 2011"
9,"Femme Fatale, in my opinion, is possibly the best album Britney Spears has released. Now granted In the Zone gave us 'Toxic' and Circus, well it gave us 'Womanizer' and 'Circus'! But Femme Fatale is definitely up-to-date with the latest genres of music including, techno, electropop, synthpop, and even a touch of dubstep, which is new to the States (thankfully its Britney who is introducing dubstep to us!). Some of the hallmarks of the albums has to be:I Wanna Go: a very upbeat, catchy tune with lots of autotune and bounce! This song is definitely radio worthy and I feel it has potential to be the popular song of Summer 2011! When the song starts it just makes you want to get up and dance and sing along to it! It's a great song and is probably the best song on the album!Trip To Your Heart: Very dancy tune, with lots of catchy beats and an awesome chorus melody! Trip to Your Heart is probably one of the sweetest songs on 'Femme Fatale' and, in my opinion, sounds like something that Britney would've sung on '...Baby One More Time' or 'Oops I Did It Again' if both of the albums were released in 2011! How I Roll: When you first hear this, you'll immediately think that this song is sexy (heavy breathing at the beginning of the song)! Like most of the songs on 'Femme Fatale' it has a catchy chorus ('Because I got 9 lives like a kitty cat!') which makes it very sexy and alluring for Britney to sing! Gasoline: This song is shockingly perfect for the age in which we live in (ahem! gas prices). Gasoline is a very sexy song that fits perfectly for Spears and might I add, make gasoline sexy again!Criminal: This song is a more ballad like song which features Britney falling in love with a criminal. Definitely, puts you in the shoes of Britney's mama! And how she would feel if Britney really were in love with a criminal. Although slow, it's a great addition to 'Femme Fatale''s lineup of nightclub dance worthy tracksUp N Down (only available on the deluxe version): I love this song! The beats are perfect, vocals are perfect, melody is perfect, everything in this song is perfect! Definitely a song you would hum in your head! Some of the other songs with honors would include:Inside Out,Drop Dead (Beautiful),Seal It With A Kiss,Now I can say the whole album is great, but there is one song that I don't particularly like, and most people can agree with me on this one, Big Fat Bass! It sounds... OK... but too much autotune and heavy beats. Will.I.Am is not at his best in this song and doesn't do a great job as he did in 'The E.N.D.' but despite it all, Britney's vocal are outstanding and fills the void of the not-so-great beats and 'vocals' (if you would like to call them that) of Will.I.Am! Overall the album is fantastic, but leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to Big Fat Bass. Other than that, well worth every single penny. Great addition to any Britney fan's collection!I also suggest the Deluxe version, all of the bonus tracks are awesome, even though I didn't mention them, they're great!",8,10,"Apr  4, 2011"
6,"Where is the voice of Britney? This is the first question that comes to mind when listening to this album. In a full summary of the work, it seems that Britney forgot her good old pop and electronica trend adhered to today.",3,4,"Nov  6, 2011"
7,"Not as good as 'Circus', 'Blackout' and 'In The Zone' ( in my opinion ) but however this is a good album, with an interesting dub-step that now the biggest part of pop artists uses! The best songs for me are Criminal, Seal It With A Kiss, Gasoline, Inside Out and Hold It Against Me.",3,4,"Mar 26, 2012"
6,"The album is nice but nothing more than that. Although meaningless, 'Hold It Against Me', 'Inside Out', 'I Wanna Go', 'Gasoline' and 'Criminal' are catchy and fun. However, the other tracks are forgettable.",2,3,"May 26, 2011"
0,"This is a really bad album, full of autotune, and bad songs, all the album sounds old, the same sound as always, i just find this so boring. Thank god i dont have to hear this anymore.",2,3,"Nov 21, 2012"
7,"Pop princess, Britney Spears came back with energy and entertaining album 'Femme Fatale.' Instead of defending her throne as Pop princess, she is more determined to take K$'s Queen of Clubland throne. Her voice is processed and sounds similar or much robotic than K$ or her alter-ego Blackout (2007). It's fun, danceable but it lacks Spears real persona and it relies more on her producers. The musical structure and composition is almost the same. She tries to re-invent Blackout to make it more better but I still think Blackout sounds better.",5,8,"Mar 29, 2011"
10,"This is Pop Gold. Pop music in its finest forms. Britney Spears may not have got involved much in this album (being the first album, including the 'Chaotic' EP and even the compilations and remix album, since '...Baby One More Time' that she shared no writing credits at all, and not even being the producer this time, and that this obviously is going to a very distinct direction that 'In The Zone' and 'Blackout' took. But, the album 'Femme Fatale' combined catchy tunes and experienmental music under a candy-coated package. This is not pure bright like 'Circus', but this is a 'bright' album indeed.
My favorites: 'Till The World Ends', 'Hold It Against Me', 'inside Out', 'I Wanna Go', 'Seal It With A Kiss'. Out of the bonus tracks, I like 'Don't Keep Me Waiting' (although it doesn't musically fit very well with the rest of the album IMO) the most but 'He About To Lose Me' is also great.
BUY IT!!!",3,5,"Mar 29, 2011"
10,"Yes, Britney Spears. Maybe her voice wasn't her at all. But, dance upbeats is still full of elements that is a club banger. She is still at her style from 1998-present. TOO BAD! This album was so great. Hands up for Britney, the only musician that sticks to her music all the time. Britney was so believable at the album. No doubt! No one can replace her title: 'Queen of Pop'. It is so powerful and majestic, full of energy. Slip slack hits. GET READY! GAGA!!!",3,5,"Mar 29, 2011"
8,"If we look at any trending pop star right now, including Ke$ha, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, etc. all of their hit songs are geared towards club plays. It only makes sense that Britney would do the same thing right now. She's still building back up and I think trying to build her fan base with club-goers who wouldn't normally listen to her music. Overall, I think it's a good, dance-filled album. Is it her best and most creative - no. But it's still good to listen to, and I'm sure it will be even better blaring in the clubs.",3,5,"Mar 30, 2011"
9,"'Femme Fatale' is perfect! It's the new testament of POP music (The old testament is Blackout). Its melodys are amazing. This CD is full of vocal processing. And it is genious because Britney has the best processed voice in the world. Her voice mingles whit the perfect beat and it makes us want to hear more and more.",3,5,"Apr  7, 2011"
10,"THE LEGENDARY MS. BRITNEY SPEARS PROVES SHE'S STRONGER THAN EVER AND SHE'S THE NEW QUEEN OF POP!!!!!!! FAVORITE TRACKS ARE: HIAM, INSIDE OUT, HOW I ROLL, I WANNA GO, DROP DEAD BEAUTIFUL, CRIMINAL AND GASOLINE, i love them all but these are my favs",4,7,"Apr 15, 2011"
10,"Britney returns to the pop spectrum right where she left off with Blackout, continuing to be an advocate for Electro Pop's continual explosion. With hard hitting dubstep beats and an exploration of European dance music, we are treated with one excellent Dance album in Femme Fatale that is sure to leave listeners begging for more. Dare we say, the bar has been elevated? Bravo Ms. Spears, BRAVO!!!",8,15,"Mar 29, 2011"
3,"I used to love Britney so much, but she has honestly gone so downhill. She doesn't write her songs, make her music, and now she doesn't even sing her own songs. Her voice is so extremely edited, and the songs are so plain. The album is nothing special, and, in my opinion, has to be her worst to date. Song by song review: Till The World Ends: 4/10 The moment I heard it, I knew it was either written by Kesha, or a clear rip off of Kesha. As I believe Kesha has terrible songs, well, I'd obviously hate this.Hold It Against Me: 2/10 Sounds like a bad attempt at a dance song, and the lyrics are a bad attempt at sounding flirty.Inside Out: 4/10 Again, terrible lyrics. Got annoying after a few listens.I Wanna Go: 6.5/10 This song is REALLY close to being a decent song, but there's something about that just irks me. Clearly the next single.How I Roll: 6/10 Different, which is nice. The beginning turns you off, though. The first 5 seconds made me annoyed, but after I listened to the entire thing, I actually kinda liked it.(Drop Dead) Beautiful: 4/10 So, Till The World Ends sounded like a Kesha song, and in this song there's some chick who seems to be trying to pretend to be Kesha. If the featured girl wasn't in this, it would be an okay song, but she really turns me off.Seal It With a Kiss: 5/10 Once again, has potential but fails. Something about it just ... no.Big Fat Bass: 0/10 Dear God, what was she thinking.Trouble For Me: 5.5/10 First few listens, I liked it. Got boring really quickly.Trip To Your Heart: 6/10 One of the better songs on here. The music gets annoying after a bit, but still one of the more decent songs.Gasoline: 6.5/10 I hated it at first, but it's really catchy. Like other songs, it has potential to be good, but ... it just isn't.Criminal: 8.5/10 Hands down the best on the album. The melody is amazing, the flute is beautiful and ahh. This is the only song I keep going back to. The only song you should bother listening to.I seriously don't know why people are still in love with her. She has done nothing creative recently, hardly making her worthy of any 'Queen and/or Princess of Pop' titles. She needs to settle down and focus on her family life, because her heart's just not into her music anymore.",6,12,"Apr  3, 2011"
7,"Britney's contribution to this album is minimal. On most of the songs she does not sing at all but rather chants and recites the lyrics. It is interesting that you can actually hear her sing on the songs which were NOT produced by Dr. Luke and his team, one of which is the Darkchild-produced bonus track 'Don't Keep Me Waiting.' Why that song, as well as 'Selfish' (produced by Stargate) did not make the standard edition is beyond me. Nevertheless, the album is a non-stop dance party filled with many potential Britney classics, but the lack of her involvement should not go unnoticed. Should we blame Dr. Luke for making her sound like almost like Ke$ha, or Spears herself for not 'feeling it' or her management team for not letting her have her own say? This album is hardly her best but at the end of the day, it is good. Top track: Inside Out.",4,8,"Mar 29, 2011"
0,"Ewwwww one of the crappiest thing I have ever listened to. What is she doing? This is an auto-tune MESS! No Britney this is not the album you are supposed to make, sorry.",3,6,"Jun 29, 2011"
10,"The Queen of Pop is Back and better than ever! This album is her strangest yet the best album she's ever recorded. The production is amazing and the vocals are much better than circus. I wish though she wrote some of the songs but other than that the album is a masterpiece. The highlights of the album include 'Till The World Ends', 'Trouble Fore Me', 'Criminal' and 'Selfish' which is included on the deluxe edition.",3,6,"Jun 30, 2011"
2,"e um lixo, simplesmente. as musicas sao horriveis, muito mixadas e com pouca desenvoltura vocal. uma bela porcaria.eu nao sei nem como esse cd conseguiu vender um milhao de copias.",3,6,"Aug 10, 2011"
0,"Pure pop trash. Auto-tuned lazy songs with no substance. No wonder it flopped. No effort by Britney Spears. She has lost touch with her fan base and will continue to decline.",3,6,"Aug 19, 2011"
3,"So this is what people call as pop music this days. I don't think Madonna would approve this new phase of Britney, and she even could lost her 'Princess of Pop' rank. It's just pour electropop, with crappy lyrics, and strange beats, she just made pop for pop.",3,6,"Oct  8, 2011"
2,"One of the worst and most overrated album of 2.011. It's the most basic and generic thing we had during the whole year. It's such a shame the only really good song from the album, 'Criminal' flops so hard. Definitively, it is nothing that any other singer who makes generic music couldn't do. Britney is still an icon but this album passed almost unnoticed when it comes to production and musical creation.",3,6,"Jan 17, 2012"
0,"Hear all the tracks and still look the Femme Fatale of the album. Tracks repetitive, empty lyrics and a voice that seems more like a computer. Anyway, where was that Britney's Blackout?",3,6,"Mar 22, 2012"
10,"The pop princess is back with this wonderful job, one of her best albums, for sure, Femme Fatale doesn't has a 'filler song', each song has your charm, each song is great. Thank you Britney.",2,4,"Apr  2, 2011"
8,"This is not Britney's masterpiece (that is Blackout), but this is one of the greatest pop albums in a long time. I mean, at first, as a Britney Spears fan, I though that it was a mess with some good song and some annoying songs. But as I listened to the album 2154212354 times and it's a grower.. I only think 'why does they choose 'Till the World Ends' as a single? It's the worst song of the album (including the bonus songs). I mean, I really like the 'oh-oh-oh', but what the hell? The best one is 'Trip to Your Heart', a dreamy euro pop ballad, with full of emotion. 'How I Roll' is something I never though I'd heard from Britney. 'I Wanna Go' and 'Inside Out'' are cool songs, screaming for single, although I think that those songs is like the same pop thing that we are listening these days. There is some good dubstep featured in 'Seal With a Kiss' and at first I though that 'Big Fat Bass' was such a terrible song -but now I can't stop listening to it. 'Criminal' is Britney's best ballad since 'Everytime'. There is no songs written by her and her voice is not that good, but man! There is no voice like hers.",2,4,"Apr  2, 2011"
10,"I honestly think the bonus tracks do the whole album a favor.. It makes it better...  I'm happy with the whole album in general but I feel some of the bonus tracks should swap with one or two maybe even 3 songs.. But I guess even if you swapped the tracks Britney is the Queen of making awesome bonus tracks and pure pop dance genius.. Don't get me wrong I would LOVE her to get back to her in the zone era and get in the studio and get some personal songs from her heart on the album and write some of them too... But this album(despite what few critics say) is AWESOME!!  If the album didn't leak 3 weeks early this would sell even more..  In my opinion this album has atleast 8 or 9 single worthy tracks.. I also believed Blackout could have spawned 6 or more singles but her label wanted to focus on a circus'personal life' comeback instead.  This is a big improvement from previous album circus and on par with the genius album Blackout.. I Have bought the album and I suggest not as a fan but as someone who loves music and beats to songs to BUY this album.. My personal Faves: Seal it with a kiss, Gasoline, Trouble for me, Up n Down, He's about to lose me, Don't keep me waiting, Till the World ends, I wanna go.. The rest of the album is wonderful.. My least favorite(but still liked) Trip to your heart and selfish.. Big Fat Bass is good if you can get over the length of the song and repetetive lyrics and of course will i am.. I still love the album and give it an A...",2,4,"Apr  2, 2011"
10,"This album is very dancy and catchy at the same time. Britney Spears may have not contributed (writing at least) to this album and is very autotuned, but the music is very catchy and i enjoy every song! keep it up! (and please dance instead of standing like a robot during live performances!)",2,4,"Apr  6, 2011"
10,"This album is amazing. The beats are brilliant and Britney is so mature right now, she's playing around with her owns songs and showing us she can do this we never expected. How I Roll is amazing, so as the incredible Inside Out and also the catchy songs like I Wanna Go and Till The World Ends. Congrats, miss Spears, you did a wonderfull job!",2,4,"Apr  7, 2011"
10,"Finally, the most anticipated Britney album since Blackout has arrived.In Femme Fatale you'll find some masterpiece dance-pop gems along with some mid-tempo tracks.The fact that Spears' vocals may be a little ''over-autotuned'' cannot alter the album's amazing production.With producers like Dr.Luke, Martin, Smith & Stargate , no wonder it became Britney's 6th No. 1 album.''It's an album for the clubs'' said Spears, and i totally get what she meant.The album can be placed next to some classic Britney albums and is, for sure, a great way to thank her billions of fans..Standout tracks:Till the world ends, Inside Out, Scary",2,4,"Apr 10, 2011"
9,"Britney Spears came back with all the energy she has! She officially is the Queen of Hardcore Dance! Femme Fatale delivers in what it's meant to do: Get listeners to get up and dance and get loose! If there were any doubts if Britney could possibly continue her majesty of 'Pop Princess'... FORGET IT! She's here to stay....Best songs? 'I Wanna Go', 'He about to loose me', 'Big Fat Bass' feat. Will.i.am & 'How I Roll'Songs that are not so good? NoneFemme Fatale is the best album of Britney's career!Congats Britney!",2,4,"May 23, 2011"
6,"Femme Fatale is far from being Spears's best album. In fact, it is so overly produced and heavily auto tuned that it could've been the latest Ke$ha album, and no one would care at all. However, it is a ballad free-club ready album that'll make plenty of fans scream, 'Britney's back, **** The two latest singles, 'Hold It Against Me' and 'Till The World Ends', are its highlighted tracks.",1,2,"Apr 30, 2011"
4,"Dear Britney: I miss you in Toxic . This Album is repetitive, no creativity since the electro beast is the same... Put together her two latest singles 'Till The World Ends' and 'I Wanna Go' is the exact SAME background. Is energic yes... but is so repetitive and some lyrics make no sense. Britney's voice is auto-tuned that sounds like a remixed album. Is catchy but you can't be considered a 'Pop Princess' with just a 'catchy' album.",1,2,"May 25, 2011"
10,"This was absolutely the best album of 2011.  I didnt listened and liked Britney too much before this one, but this, totally changed my mind. Maybe her voice is not that good, but her music is totally worth listening a thousand times. She proved that She is one Queen of Pop Music!",1,2,"Jan  3, 2012"
10,"Britney's Best Album! Till The World Ends, I Wanna Go, Drop Dead (Beautiful), And How I Roll Are My Favorite Songs!",1,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"ALBUM OF THE YEAR!!! This is Britney Spears better than you've ever seen her. Every song is amazing. And mixing britney with more electronic dance/club beats is amazing",4,9,"Mar 29, 2011"
10,"Hands down Britney's best work since Blackout (which still remains her masterpiece and perfection in album form if ever there was one). Femme Fatale delivers in what it's meant to do: Get listeners to get up and dance and let loose. This is a great, fun record to listen to for various occasions. Driving in your car, getting ready for a nite out, lounging around the house. The list goes on and on. Haters can hate and say what they want, but they are only kidding themselves. Its Godney, ****",4,9,"Mar 29, 2011"
0,"This album gave my cat cancer. Why would this exist? Who thought it would be a good idea to make this? Seriously why? It's sooooo bad!! I don't have enough caharacters to submit this so yeah, extra sentence.",5,12,"Apr 11, 2011"
0,"Ewwwww one of the crappiest thing I have ever listened to. What is she doing? This is an auto-tune MESS! No Britney this is not the album you are supposed to make, sorry.",4,10,"Jun 29, 2011"
1,"Whoever said this album is good must be deaf. I've been a Spears fan for a while, but this is gross. Born This Way > Femme Fatale for sure, but what else can you expect from a hasbeen. It's very sad, I actually expected a lot more from Femme Fatale.",2,5,"May 24, 2011"
0,"This albuum is nothing. i can't believe that she is talentless now. She can't dance, her music in this album is awful and she can't sing live either. This album is a shame for pop.",2,5,"May 25, 2011"
0,"This album is horrible just like her, and her fans. She is too grown to be singing about little teenage girl things and she needs to grow up and make a brilliant album like Beyonces '4' if she wants my time and money.",2,5,"Jun 28, 2011"
0,"Femme Fatale represents no growth as an artist. But it is Britney Spears after all so what so we shouldn't expect much. From the auto-tune to the mediocre songs, Femme Fatale is a mess from start to finish.",2,5,"Jun 30, 2011"
3,"An album that prooves Britney for what she really is, and yes i feel rather bad saying this, but, a fake. Never have i heard such flat lyrical content, over production and auto tuning. Britney is almost totally void in this album, the computer/equipment took over and sadly Britney was left behind. This album is saved by just a very small few handfull of songs that, although not 100%, they do remind you of why you bought this album in the first place.",2,5,"Aug  7, 2011"
1,"Out of the blue, I found myself reading excellent critics applauding this album. And contrary to what most critics said, I found this absolutely ridiculous and over the top. I gave it some tries and listened to every song several times... My judgement is there's only a decent song on it - 'How I Roll', probably the most one-of-a-kind track Britney has ever sang...Wait... She doesn't sing at all in FF because they kept pressing the auto-tune button in every single track. We all know Britney's cup of tea is not exactly her voice but at least they could have been more restrained at overprocessing those tracks. Criminal is an ordinary gypsy tune. Big Fat Bass has got to be some kind of ears (and patience) crucifixion. Trip to your heart is almost good but the tedious repetitions and the cheap disco background make it come up short. Till the world ends still gets me thinking I'm listening to a Ke$ha's album... I Wanna Go looks like a demo and the lyrics probably written by some 16yo. . Trouble For Me truly defines what Britney is for herself. Any other person could have done this... but just because it's Britney, a reinvention of herself, bla bla bla, damn, it's so brilliant, fresh and etc. Please...!",2,5,"Sep 20, 2011"
3,"An 'okay' album for someone like Britney Spears. Her earlier work like '...Baby One More Time' and 'Oops!...I Did It Again' were amazing but Femme Fatale is a huge let down.",2,5,"Mar 23, 2012"
0,"I guess they don't even bother showcasing her voice anymore, do they? I wonder when will we get to hear the real Britney Spears telling us how she really feels, you can tell she's no longer living the dancer's life so why is asking me to keep on dancing till the world ends?
It's a pity cuz she looked like she had potential 10 years ago.",2,5,"Nov 14, 2012"
2,"There are about two good songs on here. The rest are some of Britney's worst songs to date. I feel that as a fan, we need to be honest when things aren't good. Big Fat Bass featuring Will.I.Am has to be THE worst song by Britney I've ever heard. TERRIBLE. 'I can be your treble baby, you can be my bass', Britney sings. Oh and by the way whoever produced this DESTROYED Britney's sweet voice. It's barely recognizable behind all the autotune. I can understand it's a technique, but by doing that it takes away the artist's personality on a record. Seeing that Britney neither wrote nor produced ANYTHING on the album (She wrote some songs, which didn't make the final tracklist unfortunately), the least they could do was let us hear HER voice; not some robotic, cold, slightly grating voice. There are two great songs on here, which I'm sure Britney had to fight to keep on the album. 'Inside Out' is the best Britney song I've heard since Blackout! The instrumental is RICH, DEEP, etc. Just breathtaking! Meanwhile Britney's vocal delivery is amazing from what I can tell. The 'Inside Out' lyrics are pretty clever and could be interpreted a number of ways so take your pick ;)The other highlight is 'How I Roll'. Probably because it's the song that's most unlike the others. I've never heard a song like this. It's so bubbly, but it's dancy...but it has a piano too. I can't get enough of this song and hope it's a single at some point. There's some intentional mispronunciation of words that's sure to cause controversy, but what is Britney without controversy?As a Britney fan I regret buying this because there is barely anything here that is distinctly 'Britney'. The producers tried their best to make her fit into this Ke$ha/Katy Perry pop world, but they failed to realize Britney doesn't need to follow these trends. Songs like 'Hold It Against Me' and 'Till The World Ends' are so below Britney's standards and don't really work as singles for me. Where is the 'Britney' spark that makes it stand out? Overall I'd say pass on this album and buy 'Inside Out' and 'I Wanna Go' on iTunes.**Sorry if this doesn't make sense. After listening to the album over 20 times (yes I listened to the leak), I just pretty much blurted out all my thoughts here and don't feel like going back to re-edit.",6,16,"Mar 29, 2011"
4,"So disappointed. There's barely anything in this album that remotely tells me that this is Britney's best album like she said it was. Now, I love Britney as much as anyone else could, but I love her for a totally different reason than most. I loved her for her innovation and originality that she brought to pop music; she seemed like the first person to bring in different elements of different genres into her music and that what drew me to her during her 'Britney' and 'In the Zone' era, but now it seems like she's settled on a sound and isn't giving it up.The writing seems lackluster; there's definitely a theme, but it's so transparent that it doesn't pop like before. I know 12-year-olds that could write better songs than Till the World Ends or Hold It Against Me, but there is no way they could've done the production. The composition on most of these songs are top-notch and that's what really sells the album, which, on its own merits, is an accomplishment but a vague one at the least. This album is definitely 'POP GOLD', but whose pop, because it's not Britney's? Actually, it sounds like the pop album of twelve different artists' rejects fused together.The only highlights I can find are 'Inside Out', the dubstep-influenced monster it is, and 'I Wanna Go', the disco/electro, Kylie Minogue-esque hit that was obviously skipped as a single choice. I'm not saying that this doesn't reek of Britney or pop fantasy, it's just disappointing.",5,14,"Mar 29, 2011"
10,"Its amazing.  I love all the crazy melodies and the beats. Even Big Fat Bass isnt THAT bad. My only problem is the lyrics.
'You're so bright, like a dream'
'Seen you out tonight smiling and talking'
'Steaming like a pot full of vegetables'
Also people need to stop talking about her not writing any of it. Rihanna didnt write ANY of loud. Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley didnt write and even Pavarotti lip sync's!",2,6,"Apr  2, 2011"
10,"This album is the perfect reflection on modern pop music. Britney provides dance music that is not only traditionally catchy, but at some points taking some risks. Her voice is playfully constructed throughout the album to fit each song, and she does it well. Her voice ranges from playful, to light, to serious, to seductive. Great balance of songs that are cohesive. Good job, Britney.",2,6,"May 24, 2011"
7,"This is a good album and i think it's one of the best in this year,definitely isn't a perfect album but has some very good songs,like 'Hold It Against Me' and 'Inside Out'.But unfortunately has some bad songs like 'Big Fat Bass' but generally is a good  album and I liked!!!!!!",1,3,"Apr  5, 2011"
5,"The whole album is not the best album of Britney. There are some good and catchy songs like Hold It Against Me, Till the World Ends and I Wanna Go. However, I think Britney Spears should start write some songs and produce her own material and not leave the songwriting to others (for example I Wanna Go a song about her life isn't written by her, neither). The lyrics are catchy but lack of Britney's involvement and something new. Her voice is so much robotic and has so much auto-tune and the listener doesn't enjoy the album. All in all, the album isn't interesting and lacks of new lyrics yet good choice for clubs only and nothing else.",1,3,"May 20, 2011"
8,"One of the best album of the year and Britney Spears best album . The songs on her are more dance and techno. Better . I love this Britney Spears. Every Britney Spears album was good she have not made an bad album yet. All the songs are good good party songs. She have songs you can play at parties and just songs you can play just because the song is good. Britney style is different from everybody else. She never change style. All her albums are pop rock and dance pop with some electro and techno mix. The album starts off with one of her best song she made in her career Til The World End. Great song. They lyrics are good and so is the beat. Then the next song on the album is Hold it against Me a hit song. The album basically starts off with two of her best two songs of her career. Great way to start off her brand new album.  Every album she make has a song you cant stop listening to.  The guess appearance on the album are amazing. Sabi is feat on the song (Drop Dead) Beautiful. This song is really good 5 star song. and Will.I.Am is feat on a song called Big Fat Bass. One of my favorite two songs on the album. Every song on the album is 5 stars or 4 stars song. Some might be 3 and a half stars , maybe two. If you wondering if you should get this album . You should . This is her best album this is worth getting. Britney spears album is one of the best of the year.  If you a Britney Spears . Get this album.  I think even the none Britney fans like this album from Britney Spears, Britney Spears is a hitmaker. I'm not a huge Britney Spears fan but i cant help it if her album are good. Britney Spears isn't the type of artist that I will be dying to get the album or listen to but when her songs play it put a smile on my face. Britney Spears is an amazing artist.",1,3,"May 21, 2011"
4,"Femme Fatale is exactly what I expected in an album from Britney Spears: a few standout tracks: HIAM, TTWE, and Up N Down; a few mediocre tracks: Inside Out, I Wanna Go; and filler. This is Britney's best album after Blackout and Baby One More Time respectively. This is a solid release for Miss Spears, fun to have drinks to while getting ready for a night out but not a serious contender for any best of lists and hopefully no one deludes themselves with the idea that it is.",1,3,"Jun 30, 2011"
10,"Britney's Best Album To Date! Honestly I Can See Why Some People Dont Like Britney's Older Work In Some Ways.. But Femme Fatale Is A Masterpece! Every Song Is Perfect!",1,3,"Oct 30, 2011"
10,"Each song on Femme Fatale brings something new to the table. It seems to lead to the urban influences of Blackout, but still having the dance-pop elements of Circus! 1. Till The World Ends : Very catchy and fun, yes. It was my jam back in early summer. It was the first Britney song I actually liked, and brought me into her music. It's one of the most fun songs of the year! 5/5
2. Hold It Against Me : Dance-pop perfection. It was a really unique choice as the lead single with songs like World Ends and I Wanna Go, but it was a hit. I love the chorus. It's so fun and... just amazing! I loved it in the fall. Fantastic song! 5/5
3. Inside Out : There are some artists who's slower songs just don't appeal to me. Britney is one of them. That being said, Inside Out is surprisingly great. It's a hugs fan favorite, but I think they overate it. What I like about it is the beat. It sounds great. 4/5
4. I Wanna Go : From the first listen, I Wanna Go screamed single. It is really fun, and the most catchy song on the album. It was my summer song. It will have you dancing in a moment. The music video isn't bad either... even if a little dirty. One of my favorites 5/5
5. How I Roll : Bubbly! Sizzling! Rolling Stone named it to be the song of the year! Is it the song of the year, no. But it's fantastic. It is very, very memorable. The bubbly nature and uniquness of the track will stay in your head. It's...real. She isn't trying to be anything on How I Roll. I'm conviced, though, that when she says 'Thug' she really said something else. 4.5/5
6. (Drop Dead) Beautiful : Probably the best song on Femme Fatale for dancing, which says a lot since it's a dance-pop album. Drop Dead Beautiful is top 40 material. It's catchy, fun. It's a little...repetitive though. You can only listen to it so much without getting bored of it. 4/5
7. Seal It With A Kiss : I can't decide what to think of it as. It definetly sounds like a filler, but not all fillers are bad. It's really fun, and the beat is simply amazing. It's not neccesarily danceable, but it's just a nice song to listen to. 4/5
8. Big Fat Bass : People seem to miss the point of this song. It's supposed to be a 'club song'. I don't think anyone would ever dare send it to top 40 radio. And it delivers what it tries to perfectly. I love Britney's verses (not the bass is getting better or you can be my bass). They're flawless. It's really fun and does what it was supposed to. 5/5 on delivery. 5/5 on the song, in fact.
9. Trouble For Me - Her best vocals on the standard album. This is one of the top-40-friendly songs. It's so catchy. The music is a turn off though. But the chorus will bring the song back to life. I love T4M. It could have easily been a hit! The song is so different from the rest... I remembered it. Great song 4.5/5
10. Trip To Your Heart - It reminds me of Heavan On Earth, in a good way. It feels so much different from the rest of the CD. Instead of having the dance-pop-club feel, it has more of a pop feel. Her vocals are visible in this song. It's a lot more innocent than some of these songs, and the music is legendary. 4/5
11. Gasoline - It's truely a unique song. It has a beachy feel, which I'm all here for. It doesn't have a radio or club feel, and is more risky than the other dance songs on the record. A risk worth taking, too. Because it's a flawless track. 4.5/5
12. Criminal - It's a crime. So good it's a crime. Easily my favorite from the CD. From the first listen, I loved it. It was like it was my pet or something... I was so excited to watch it be a single and have so much success in Brazil (It peaked at #1) It's slower than the rest of the album, and houses amazing flutes. It's one of her favorites, too. It would rank very high on my top 10 of 2011 list. 5/5
13. Up n Down - Top 40 material. Not sure how it didn't make the standard edition. It would just slay on the radio. The best deluxe song for dancing. It has a clubbish feel, and is danceable. 5/5
14. He About To Lose Me - Like Criminal, it left me speechless. Easily the 2nd best on the album. Her vocals are about as real as you'll get in a Britney track right here, and her vocals sound flawless as Christina's before the autotuned-chorus. Legendney. 5/5
15. Selfish - Mmkay... This was my song in late fall. It's just pure fun. I love the way she says selfish. It could have done decent on the radio, but it still boasts it's own quality, the undeniably catchy verses. Of all the dance songs of her career, her vocals shine on this. 5/5
16. Don't Keep Me Waiting - I don't like the song itself, but it has elements that I like. It's edgy. It holds it's place on the CD. It doesn't just blend in with all of the dance tracks. Even if the song itself is so... bleh, it's a fantastic way to end the CD. I have to give it a 4/5 for it's edginess and difference from the rest of the CD.",1,3,"Jan 30, 2012"
10,"This could possibly be Britney's most fresh and innovative album.  She tried different music elements that she hasn't tried before and made these songs chart toppers.  Although she has been bashed for her little input on the record, to be truthful hardly any pop artists write their songs these days.  I think her vocals sound fresh and up to date with what is happening these days.  Standout tracks on the album are 'Till the World Ends', 'I Wanna Go' 'Up n' Down'(On Deluxe Edition) and 'Criminal'.  A very underrated album in my opinion",1,3,"Apr 12, 2012"
10,"It is best!",1,4,"Feb 24, 2012"
2,"With 'Femme Fatale' Britney gives us her worst album filled with generic and repetitive songs. The only songs that are not that generic are Inside Out and the bonus track He About to Lose Me.",1,4,"Aug  3, 2012"
2,"She do not deserve to be the princess of pop. This album is full of uter crap. Most of the songs are fillers, if they are not, they were released as singles. The best song is clearly Don't Keep Me Waiting, but buying the deluxe edition is not worth it. I disapointed",1,6,"Apr  1, 2012"
0,"Terrible album, wonder when is she going to start singing or making music with actual lyrics not everything in life is about partying. The only solid track is Criminal. I wish she could stop trying to be Kesha.",1,8,"Nov 10, 2012"
7,"Britney Spears is definitely making a combat. This album is a lot better than her last album and has great collaborators from Will i Am and others. It's a great pop album and it's fun to listen to.",0,1,"Apr  6, 2011"
6,"An album with no lyrics, no production and no human voice - Femme Fatale This is the seventh album from Britney Spears! It is personal, the princess returned to playback everything. Britney Spears makes this time a trip to the insane electro-disco-pop. I must say that she was drunk all the way and driving a VW color pink. For patients Spears fans will be a recipe for long hair beats, voiceovers in front of the mirror and abuse at nightclubs.",0,2,"Apr  7, 2011"
10,"'Femme Fatale' is perfect! It makes me wanna whip my hair and dance 'till the world ends. Its melodys are amazing. This CD is full of vocal processing. And it is genious because Britney has the best processed voice in the world. Her voice mingles whit the perfect beat and it makes us want to hear more and more.",0,1,"Apr 21, 2011"
10,"Probably the best album Britney has released to date.  The album has a much more mature and darker sound than one is used to with Britney.  The songs featured are well produced, with heavy electropop beats, often on the verge of dubstep.",0,1,"Apr 21, 2011"
6,"Dana, sexo, amores caidos, auto-tunes! Tudo isso  possivel encontrar no novo album da Princesa do POP Britney Spears. A sonoridade  contagiante, com musicas chicletes e com capacidade de se tornarem grandes HITs.  O album lembra os grandes sucessos de Kesha, e construido na mesma base dos HITs da cantora: Letras banais, agitado, uma dana sem fim. Porm, com a cano Criminal, Britney foi alm, mesmo que no muito longe. 6,0!",0,1,"May 19, 2011"
10,"I didn't even expect it would be so fun! The sound is fantastic and there's this drive that makes you dance like crazy. 'Till the world ends' and 'I wanna go' will rock the clubs this summer. I think Britney is doing the right thing to try something new . Her fans in the 90-s were mostly teens. Now these people are grown-ups and need something more mature than sweet ballads about first love. Her art is evolving and is following the needs of the audience, but it remains true to her own particular style. Femme Fatale is the album of the year!!! Great job!",0,1,"May 22, 2011"
8,"While you can call her the Femme Fatale, album #7 is something better: improvement. And I mean lyrically and sonically. She's come a long way, jumping from the unusually usual Circus to a new and better territory. This new ground is a place she's gone to before. Remember that album she explained as 'embracing life fully'? Yes. That was her greatest album. And with her latest going along the motions of Blackout, it didn't come out as repetitive: it's infectious.",0,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"This is the best album of the year. It spawned two smash hits, Hold It Against me and Till the World Ends Britney Spears is back in the pop game where she belongs. None of these current pop tarts (especially Lady Gaga) have anything on the future Queen of Pop.",0,5,"May 24, 2011"
10,"This is the best Britney Spears' album that's for sure! I didn't even expect such outstanding result after her previous album! Almost every song has an easy, catchy melody and they're really fun to listen. Max Martin did an excellent job! This is the best pop release so far!",0,1,"May 31, 2011"
10,"Femme Fatale is destined to become a legendary album, for its techno vibe and timeless music, britney has wasted no time in the studio as she has made a masterpiece for the young generation. This left me speechless, and I congratulate her on this album!!",0,1,"May 25, 2011"
8,"The first two singles, 'Hold It Against Me' and 'Till the World Ends', are the highlights of the album; the lead single is the strongest song on the record. Her third single, 'I Wanna Go', is catchy but irritating. 'Big Fat Bass', featuring Will.i.am, is the weakest and most annoying song on the album. Other than these exceptions, the album is great.",0,1,"May 29, 2011"
10,"Great pop album, Best album of 2011? maybe not. I like most of the tracks but wish there were 2 or 3 ballads. Britney should experiment with her voice to prove her critics wrong.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2011"
9,"Superb recording, Britney! Great production techniques, excellent phrasing. Great all around hit record from Britney Spears. I highly regard this artist and the works and catalog of fine music. Value, quality and fun! It's in my blackberrry and cloud 9 music library cloud. Yay.Glenn Davis Doctor G",0,1,"Jul  5, 2011"
10,"Femme Fatale....one of Brit's best!! She does an amazing job at incorporating amazing dubstep and electro-pop sounds while still being the Britney we all love. She has done a really good job at reinventing herself slowly as to not cause to much shock or turn off, by transitioning from solid bubblegum pop to more urban sounds to Blackout's slight dubstep influences shown in songs such as 'Freakshow' to more of those stronger influences in this latest. Truly amazing. The only change i would want made to this album would be the addition of a slow, stripped down ballad that could still capture the feel of the entire album. But besides that, Perfect!",0,1,"Aug  6, 2011"
7,"By far this is Britney's weirdest and strangest album yet, but that is in a good way. Songs like 'How I Roll' show a different side to Britney. A weird, strange, and unique side. This could quite possibly be Britney's best album to date. However, some songs such as 'Trip to Your Heart', aren't as good as other songs off the album, and other songs that Britney has done in the past. Some of the songs seem to be plain and typical, like Britney may be playing it safe. But there are songs that show something different and likability, and that's what makes this album lovable.",0,1,"Aug 29, 2011"
8,"Not her best album but not her worst. All of the songs are good enough and most could serve as singles. Some tracks are refreshing while others seemed recycled. Overall a strong album. Her voice is the only real 'problem'. All the effects could and should go away. Criminal, Inside Out, and He's About To Lose Me are the best racks and most refreshing on the album.",0,1,"Aug 31, 2011"
9,"Britney's back with a new masterpiece. The only thing missing? Ballads. 'Femme Fatale' neerds a real ballad, and we can't consider 'Criminal' one. Max Martin, who is one of the best songwriters ever, wrote fantastic songs though, and Britney sang them amazingly. It's only sold 1.4 millions copies worldwide right now, but it's going to sell more throught the weeks.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
10,"Blackout is the best album but we're talking about Femme Fatale now! This album introduces dubstep in songs like Hold It Against Me (this genre became famous thanks to this song) and I Wanna Go. The ballad Inside Out is really sexy. Criminal (in my opinion) is the best song in the album. Catchy beat and sweet melody.",0,1,"Sep 12, 2011"
8,"Femme Fatale's heavy production and Spears' overly processed vocals will turn off true music lovers. But in the end, Spears' fans and even the youngsters will adore this ballad-free, club ready album that's simply made for the dancefloor.",0,1,"Oct 20, 2011"
10,"It is truly wonderful. 'Circus' was very good, but 'Femme Fatale' is exceptional. It's uptempo, seductive and the purest form of pop music you can find. I recommend it without hesitation.",0,1,"Oct 25, 2011"
10,"I loved this album, he's sexy, interesting and unlike anything Britney Spears has done. Bold in the footsteps of Madonna every album Britney she gets more and more audience.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
8,"She",0,1,"Dec  8, 2011"
9,"a great, catchy, fun pop album. Ms. Spears still has it. a few of the b-sides and latter portion of the album I could do without, but mostly from start to finish, this album will make you want to dance.",0,1,"Dec 13, 2011"
6,"A good album with catchy beats. No innovation at all. Gottwald has the ability to turn all the artists her works with into mainstream pop stars. Extremely auto-tuned and Ke$ha-like. It sure makes us all miss the days when Britney used to sing. Definitely, not her best album at all.",0,1,"Feb  5, 2012"
10,"Femme Fatale, in my opinion, is possibly the best album Britney Spears has released. Now granted In the Zone gave us 'Toxic' and Circus, well it gave us 'Womanizer' and 'Circus'! But Femme Fatale is definitely up-to-date with the latest genres of music including, techno, electropop, synthpop, and even a touch of dubstep, which is new to the States (thankfully its Britney who is introducing dubstep to us!). Some of the hallmarks of the albums has to be: I Wanna Go: a very upbeat, catchy tune with lots of autotune and bounce! This song is definitely radio worthy and I feel it has potential to be the popular song of Summer 2011! When the song starts it just makes you want to get up and dance and sing along to it! It's a great song and is probably the best song on the album! Trip To Your Heart: Very dancy tune, with lots of catchy beats and an awesome chorus melody! Trip to Your Heart is probably one of the sweetest songs on 'Femme Fatale' and, in my opinion, sounds like something that Britney would've sung on '...Baby One More Time' or 'Oops I Did It Again' if both of the albums were released in 2011! How I Roll: When you first hear this, you'll immediately think that this song is sexy (heavy breathing at the beginning of the song)! Like most of the songs on 'Femme Fatale' it has a catchy chorus ('Because I got 9 lives like a kitty cat!') which makes it very sexy and alluring for Britney to sing! Gasoline: This song is shockingly perfect for the age in which we live in (ahem! gas prices). Gasoline is a very sexy song that fits perfectly for Spears and might I add, make gasoline sexy again! Criminal: This song is a more ballad like song which features Britney falling in love with a criminal. Definitely, puts you in the shoes of Britney's mama! And how she would feel if Britney really were in love with a criminal. Although slow, it's a great addition to 'Femme Fatale''s lineup of nightclub dance worthy tracks Up N Down (only available on the deluxe version): I love this song! The beats are perfect, vocals are perfect, melody is perfect, everything in this song is perfect! Definitely a song you would hum in your head! Some of the other songs with honors would include: Inside Out, Drop Dead (Beautiful), Seal It With A Kiss, Now I can say the whole album is great, but there is one song that I don't particularly like, and most people can agree with me on this one, Big Fat Bass! It sounds... OK... but too much autotune and heavy beats. Will.I.Am is not at his best in this song and doesn't do a great job as he did in 'The E.N.D.' but despite it all, Britney's vocal are outstanding and fills the void of the not-so-great beats and 'vocals' (if you would like to call them that) of Will.I.Am! Overall the album is fantastic, but leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to Big Fat Bass. Other than that, well worth every single penny. Great addition to any Britney fan's collection! I also suggest the Deluxe version, all of the bonus tracks are awesome, even though I didn't mention them, they're great!",0,3,"Feb  5, 2012"
10,"Muito bom, como sempre Britney, mostra que  digna de ser chamada princesa do Pop, album com influencia eletro-pop, dupstep, um trabalho maravilhoso, um dos melhores albuns de sua carreira, Parabns, como sempre inovando.",0,3,"Feb 18, 2012"
10,"I love FF, great dance record with dubstep influence! Go brit!",0,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
9,"Britney At Her Best!
Till The World Ends, And Drop Dead Beautiful Are Great!",0,1,"Dec 23, 2012"
9,"This album can be the best that she ever released. With electronic beats and provocative lyrics, Britney offer us another great album. For me, the highlights of the album are 'Till the World Ends', 'I Wanna Go', 'Trip to Your Heart' (a 2011 version of 'Heaven On Earth') and 'Criminal'. Yes, she did it again!",0,1,"Dec 28, 2012"
8,"Britney Spears se caracteriza por lbumes bien producidos aunque en algunos casos como en este, sus letras no son muy buenas, incluso despus del track nmero 9 se vuelve un poco aburrido y de la edicin de lujo solo salvas un track",0,1,"Jul 19, 2013"
8,"Brit's seventh studio album serves as a testament to her career. She's obviously not the most talented artist you've ever seen in the music industry, but you do get these moments from her where she gets it right, and when she gets it right, she kicks your favorite female pop star's butt and look good doing it.",0,1,"May  4, 2014"
8,"This is a surprisingly good record. It's catchy, dance-able, and pretty consistent all the way through. Her voice is extremely electronic, but in my opinion, Britney has a weak little voice anyway, and doesn't sing live, so it's probably for everyone's benefit. The songs sound very current, and it's upbeat all the way through (thank god no sappy ballads). It's a huge improvement over her last record, and hopefully she will keep going in this direction when she makes a new record. Her strength is in making songs fun, and that shows on Femme Fatale.",0,0,"May 25, 2012"
10,"In My Opinion Britney's Best Album!
I Listen To Every Song Almost Every Day! Best Songs:
Til The World Ends I Wanna Go How I Roll
Worst Songs:
Big Fat Bass",0,0,"May 29, 2012"
10,"I really feel like this is the best album Chris Brown has put out since his first one from start to end just a prefect 10 all the way. With songs like 'She Ain't You' ,'Deuces' , 'Up 2 You', 'No Bullshit','Look at Me Now' and 'Yeah 3x' you really can not go wrong with a great album.",4,4,"Mar 23, 2011"
9,"I'm giving this album a 9 because of #5. He should not use Michael Jackson's material. He sounds better on the rest of the CD using his own content. The production here is better than Graffitti and the singing is more inspired. He clearly has an agenda to entertain people with this album and I believe he has accomplished it. I have read other reviews (including users) on this site and I must say some of the things I have read are inaccurate. First, under user ratings as of the time of this review, there are 2 ratings of 3 and 0 that use the exact same wording. Makes one wonder if they even listened to the CD. They offer no specifics about particular songs and, furthermore, the fact that Mr. Brown has 4 top hits off of this album (and that was before the release) makes their statements simply not true.
Second, some of these so-called professional reviews compared Chris Brown's current effort to Jodeci. Now if you are like me, you are probably wondering how they drew that conclusion. Well, I am here to tell you that the comparison has to do with one member of Jodeci (whose name eludes me) had an alleged abusive relationship with Mary J. Blige in the 90's. I say that because if you listen to Jodeci, nothing about FAME sounds anything like it.
Third, and this is my final say on this album, this album is exactly what Chris Brown needed to put out. I agree with the so-called pro's that said that this album at least gives the fans hope of a stronger future Chris Brown (so in that respect I guess I partially agree with Car123 about Fortune). I'm not going to take the time to go through the album song by song but I will say that I think song #8 (Next to You w/ Justin Beiber) is professionally underated. And Oh my love is a much better song than She ain't you (I wonder why the pro's made such a big fuss about such trash when the rest of the album was clearly superior). In close, I tell anyone who took the time to read all of this to buy this album. ESPECIALLY if you bough Graffitti. You will not be disappointed and Chris Brown is back from the dead. If I offended anyone with this I do apologize but I believe I have been truthful about this album and someone needed to take the time to write it. Thanks.",3,3,"Mar 24, 2011"
10,"F.A.M.E exceeds all expectations. you can go through track 1 all the way to 17 w/o skipping. Hits like 'Deuces' 'Yeah 3x' 'No Bull' 'Next 2 You' 'She Aint You' 'Look At Me Now' 'Beautiful People' the list goes on and on. Every song on here can be a single. well done mr. brown #TeamBreezy",3,3,"Apr  4, 2011"
10,"In My Opinion, F.A.M.E. was a very well - made album. Not only was there a very good quality of songs in the standard edition, but the deluxe edition just kept the suspense and good feeling coming. The songs compiled in the track-listing was very great, ones such as 'Beg For It', 'Bomb' feat. Wiz Khalifa, 'She Ain't You', 'Oh My Love' and more had a great impact on Chris Brown's redemption. Well Done",2,2,"Mar 26, 2011"
6,"Before you read this, you should know that this is from a person who believed that Graffiti was one of his best work. This album may not be, but it looks rushed. You have five songs that most people have already heard on the album and eight songs that don't live up to the hype I was expecting. Deuces needed no reintroduction being the smash it was from the mix tapes, and No BS didn't need to be replayed for the THIRD time. This seems like another attempt to mix two different sounds together with no sense of a medium or a flow.But as a positive, the album sounds well as a whole, minus a few unneeded tracks. As a return from his media blackout, he seems to be coming back to terms with his livelihood. There is no same sound, but that could be a good sign as well. It show diversity that most would've thought left Brown a long time ago. The two biggest highlights in the album have to be 'Look At Me Now' (with pulse-pounding kicks, an addictive hook, and one of the best verses from hip-hop veteran Busta Rhymes, this is easily a fan-favorite) and 'Next 2 You', featuring the new teen heartthrob, Justin Bieber, who does not overshadow, but does not underwhelm, and seems like a well-thought out choice for this tribal-inspired pop smash.If you are a fan of Breezy before the incident, this is right up your alley. If you're like me and actually wanted a more singular sounding Chris Brown, best stick to the mix tapes.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2011"
8,"The album all around has to be a personal best for me. It's amazing as a comeback for Chris Brown back into the music mainstream world. Complete with stunning tracks and great collaborations, This album has shown it's great ability in the chart & winning awards at many music awards.",1,1,"Jul 13, 2012"
10,"I think Graffiti was an amazing album that would have been a giant sucess if it was released later. Most of the reviews about it were really biased... Well and as much as i was not sure if Chris Brown will top his previous work, He did just that with F.A.M.E. . Just like Graffiti, Chris jumps from one genre of music to another. This album is much more positive than Graffiti and have more up tempo tracks. Deuces was a perfect choice for the first track as this is the ultimate comeback track for Chris, what is there to say about it? The lyrics are great, vocals are great and you've probably heard it by now. Second track is called 'Up 2 You' and is one of my favourite tracks on album, it's a slow heartfelt pure R&B ballad. Great production and impressing vocals. Next are No BS which most of you probably heard by now too, (it's really nice slow jam) & Look at Me Now - The only track where Chris arguably gets outshined by other artist. It's a great hip-hop banger and Chris' verse is really nice although the speed at which Busta Rhymes spit is just unbelievable. The 5th track which i also consider one of the best on F.A.M.E. is 'She Ain't You' . It samples Michael Jackson's 'Human Nature'  and SWV. Really catchy chorus and again great lyrics. 6th track is a production by Harmony. Chris again attempts to rap on it although those raps are much more melodic. The chorus got that 80s, 90s feel to it and features Seven's vocals which are real good. Overally i like the song but i wasn't impressed by lyrics. My least favourite from the 13 track offering probably.7th track is YEAH 3X, it was all over music programmes and radio so i doubt anyone didn't have a chance to hear it. I'm not really a fan of euro-pop sound but this song is actually really good and when you hear it you just can't help but dance. It's also very positive!Next 2 You, i wasn't sure how it's gonna turn out. Never been a fan nor a hater of Justin Bieber so i was quite curious what it will sound like. Well...it's a mid-tempo love song with great lyrics and great vocals from both Chris and Justin. One of the better tracks on album.Then after Next 2 You, comes a great great and deep 'All Back' on which Chris sings about his lost love and that he wants eveyrything he lost (porbably after incident in 2009) back. This song is a real gem on here and it shows how amazing voice Chris Brown has.Wet the Bed comes next, i think the 'plum' sound in the background is really nice touch. Ludacris delivers a great verse and the chorus is catchy. Vocals are again top notch. This is very simillar song to No BS although it's much more raunchy.Oh My Love is the 2nd production by Harmony, the beat is really really simillar to Say It With Me although this song is much much better. The verses are a very fast (think Busta & Twista) raps while chorus again has that 80s/90s feel. Kind of reminding me of Michael Jackson's Off the Wall album or even a couple of songs from Thriller.Should've Kissed You - It's co-produced by Chris Brown, it's well a little less memorable R&B ballad. The vocals are again really good but what really makes this one special for me is the fact alot of people can relate to the song including me. Definately nice one, not as impressing as Up 2 You or All Back but still really enjoyable.The last song is prod by Benny Benassi - Beautiful People. It's Trance if i'm not mistaken...i'm not really into this type of music and was really suprised when i first heard this song cause it's something different than usual stuff Chris Brown made in past. To be honest I did enjoy it though. The beat was well done and the message behind the song was great. 'The beauty is inside you.'There is pretty much nothing about F.A.M.E. that disapoints, some songs are better some songs are worse but all did satisfy me. I'd recommend this one mostly for people that like R&B cause there are alot of R&B songs like on all previous Chris Brown albums. Although i'm sure everyone can find something for themselves! The Deluxe edition includes 4 additional songs. Beg for it & Love me are good but nothing amazing to be honest. Bomb is a great hip-hop song with a lil Reggae vibe to it and Paper,Scissors,Rock is the best out of these. I'd recommend to get the deluxe version as it's worth it.",6,7,"Mar 22, 2011"
10,"Chris Brown's 'F.A.M.E.' is a fun, hip, enjoyable CD for all Breezy fans! The deluxe album is the best one which includes 4 other tracks. With F.A.M.E., Breezy works his ass off trying to allow new fans with his music, to be honest, Hes a wonderful R&B singer. Every track on here is amazing! She Ain't You is by far my favorite track on here to this day! So, this album, you gotta get a copy! If you bootleg it, hey **** happens and don't get caught. So, yes, I recommend it!1) Deuces (10 out of 10)2) Up to You (10 out of 10)3) No BS (10 out of 10)4) Look At Me Now (10 out of 10)5) She Ain't You (10 out of 10)6) Say It With Me (10 out of 10)7) Yeah 3X (10 out of 10)8) Next to You (10 out of 10)9) All Back (10 out of 10)10) Wet the Bed (9.9 out of 10)11) Oh My Love (10 out of 10)12) Should've Kissed You (10 out of 10)13) Beautiful People (10 out of 10)14) Bomb (10 out of 10)15) Love the Girls (10 out of 10)16) Paper, Scissors, Rock (10 out of 10)17) Beg for It (9.7 out of 10)",3,4,"Nov 17, 2011"
9,"Best R&B/Hip-Hop album of the year packed with hits and potential hits. Best tracks: 'Oh My Love', 'She Ain't You', & 'Beautiful People'. Chris' best album yet.",2,3,"Apr  6, 2011"
4,"My least favorite Chris Brown album. This album is not an R&B album instead its a commercialized pop album just released to make Chris Brown relevant and to gain fans back. It did go number 1 but if it wasn't for 'Look at me Now' i doubt that would have happened. The best songs were the ones released except yeahx3. The album sounds the same and was poorly put together. Hopefully Fortune will be better.",2,4,"Sep  2, 2011"
8,"Really a good album, F.A.M.E. combines the musical genres of R&B, pop, hip hop, reggae and dance. The opening track, 'Deuces', which features Kevin McCall and Tyga, is a slow, downtempo R&B track that 'tells the story of a failed relationship'. 'Up 2 You' is an R&B ballad, which follows on from the break-up theme. 'Next to You', featuring Justin Bieber, is a 'thumping mid-tempo' pop track. In the song, they both sing about their love for a girl. The third track, 'No **** is an R&B song, which features a 'classic 90's feel'.
The album's up-tempo tracks, 'Yeah 3x' and 'Beautiful People', both feature electro house and Europop influences . The fourth track, 'Look at Me Now', which features American rappers Lil Wayne and Busta Rhymes, is a 'dirty south-inspired' hip hop song, featuring 'fast-rapping' from Brown, Lil Wayne and Busta Rhymes. The fifth track, 'She Ain't You', is a ballad which samples Michael Jackson's 'Human Nature' . The ninth track, 'All Back', is a rock ballad that features 'raw vocals and prominent guitar'.Brown revisits his rapping skills on the tracks, 'Say It With Me' and 'Oh My Love'. 'Bomb', which features Wiz Khalifa, contains reggae influences.",2,4,"Jan  3, 2016"
4,"There is one really good song, 'All Back.' Too bad he really can't. When you punch women and throw chairs and other awful things that kinda goes down in crazy history forever. 'Bomb' is pretty good too. That's about it. A forgettable album.",1,2,"Mar 28, 2011"
9,"This album is classic. Probably Chris's best album. I expected so much less because of Graffiti. But this CD blew me away. It was one of my favorite albums of 2011. & i still listen to it to this day. Pick This up if ur TEAM BREEZY as they say",1,2,"Jul 13, 2012"
0,"Very underwhelming. I expected much better. Most song on this album sounds the same. Hopefully Fortune will be better. Besides the hit Deuces, F.A.M.E leaves much to be desired and i think Chris Brown needs to go along the same route as his debut album if he wants to make a hit again",4,10,"Mar 23, 2011"
0,"Woman beater.  This man should be spending time in a federal prison right now - instead he is still be idolized by legions of people with absolutely no brain.  If you like this man, just imagine how you would feel if he had savagely beaten the face in of your own sister, of your own mother.He is a reprehensible human being, and surely deserves none of what life has given him.Rot in hell Chris Brown.Oh yea, and his music is terrible.Black America, get a job.  Please.",2,5,"Oct 13, 2011"
10,"FAME is everything I wanted from a comeback album. Although not the best it still helps for the way to make the thingy to work. FAME allows for the best in R&B to shine in a way that is completely innocuous to Chris Brown's career.",3,8,"Mar 24, 2011"
3,"How did this win Best R&B Album at the Grammys? it isn't even a real R&B album, its a pop/dance with R&B and Hip-Hop influences. anyway the album as a whole is just trash. Don't get me wrong some of the songs like 'Look at Me Now' and 'Beautiful People' are good but not good enough to give this album a good rating on metacritic.",1,3,"Jun 29, 2012"
0,"Another atempt to be ''cool'' and ''hip'' and ''popular'' and thats all this album gets him. It says nothing about his maturity as a man or an artist, the videos are like-wise very bland and the same ol same ol we've seen over and over and over and over. Take a guess about what his lyrics are about......................SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX!! If you havent bought this album then God bless your ears!",1,3,"Jul 15, 2012"
3,"Besides the hit Deuces, F.A.M.E leaves much to be desired and i think Chris Brown needs to go along the same route as his debut album if he wants to make a hit again",1,6,"Mar 22, 2011"
4,"This is not real R&B! I not happy that this album went number one, but it's a improvement based on the his last album, Graffiti. But this album is still overwhelming.",0,2,"Apr  6, 2011"
2,"F.A.M.E. will only satisfy the twelve and unders who shouldn't even be listening to it in the first place. Anyone with depth of thought should steer clear of this mess.",0,2,"Nov 12, 2012"
10,"F.A.M.E. is a fun R&B album which Breezy's fans won't be disappointed and also has really cool catchy songs that you can dance and jam too in the club.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2012"
10,"This is an almost flawless album.   The score starts out with an aptly titled track 'Perfection', and the then it sets out to accomplish just that.  There are so many highlights on this album that a track by track critique is pointless.  The absolute most incredible song from this album is  'Wolf And I' - Simply a masterpiece.   Oh Land may be the next best artist out there.  This album goes against what is commercial pop, but some how it sounds like the a mega pop hit for an alternate universe.  It sounds like a game changer, even if it falls on deaf ears.  The only misfortune on the album is 'Vodoo' which sounds to familiar to LaRouX, but with the album ending on such a high point with the swooning 'Rainbow' you feel as if you've had a five course meal including desert and then cigar.",1,1,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"lbum com estruturas para ser um sucesso, que infelizmente no foi.
Oh Land conseguiu fazer uma das melhores msicas que escutei na minha vida 'Perfection'.
Assim como a msica, ela conseguiu unir sua doce voz com batidas contagiantes e envolventes, no tem como no se apaixonar com esse lbum.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2014"
10,"Ellie Goulding's debut album is strong in it's own way. The lyrics are as charming as her tender voice and the production is also consistent. Strong recommendations for Starry Eyed, The Writer, This Love and Everytime You Go.",1,1,"Apr 27, 2012"
10,"asdsbgshbhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhnbbbbbbvdsghjhgkfgfhgfghdfgfgdhgfnhdfkgbshgdfgmnf,lnhjhkl,gfkjgnbnkjfdfkjsfnhkjnkgjh",0,4,"Nov 14, 2011"
2,"No. Just no. It's not very impressive when one song ('Lights') is such a huge number one hit, and all the other songs flop. It kind of misleads you...",0,7,"Aug 14, 2013"
10,"Lights is an amazing pop album...pure, deep and smart with the gentle voice of EllieGreat melodies like The Writer and Guns and Horses,  the smash Under The Sheets and the sassy Starry Eyed with a real electropop and synthpop (not Gaga)! and a mix of indie pop or folk...very creative!Ellie is the new girl who comes to refresh and illuminate the pop scene!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2010"
9,"Lights is truly a beautiful album with many great songs. My favourites are Starry Eyed, Guns And Horses, Under The Sheets and I'll Hold My Breath. If you can, get the albums on iTunes, because this version includes the song Lights, which is a must-have!",0,0,"Sep  5, 2010"
7,"On the first 10 listens Ellie Goulding is exciting, fresh and relaxing. But by the 11th it becomes one boring slog with only a few tracks standing up against her rivals.",0,0,"May 23, 2011"
6,"Definitely the best album of 2010 by far! Such an phenomenal album. Ellie is left to harmonize with herself, and it is one of the album's more magical moments because of the sheer energy and beauty that it presents! It energizes you and makes you want to start the whole experience all over again, which is something that any great pop album should do. This album is surprisingly solid for a debut in this genre. The moments where Ellie shines are where her lyrics and music combine to form something that is entirely unique to herself. What brings the album down are the more formulaic moments that everybody knew were coming, but nobody really wanted. If anything though, Lights serves as an awesome introduction to a talented musician; one who deserves to be heard if only for the fact that she's infinitely more talented than the majority of her peers. If you're like me and find yourself developing an affinity for girly pop music, Ellie Gouldling may be an artist to check out. I recommend it. Well she is without a doubt the most unique and original artist that has ever come from the UK lately. Her ability to play drums and sing at the same time strikes me in awe. An extraordinary talent. I know she can also play keyboard too and the obvious guitar. But I think she does enough. I honestly wish we had more true, natural talent like Ellie here in the States, far too much crap, filler, and no substance that they call music. A fantastic performance, I must say Ellie's very cute, beautiful. Music with substance, a woman with talent, a amazing voice, and an incredible energy, stage presence. Should give some advice to the Americans here on how to make great music. This woman is a genius! She inspires me throughout my life degree and it just amazes me the things she can make.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
10,"Ellie has a great voice, and is as gd as Adele or Jessie, but has to write more songs about herself, anyway, this is a great album, keep going, Ellie!!",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
9,"I thoroughly enjoyed this album. She has such a unique sound. It's a shame that she hasn't caught on here in America, because more people should know who she is. At a time when pop music is becoming so generic and auto-tuned, it's really refreshing to hear something original from a talented artist.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2011"
10,"Ellie here blends folk and electro-pop so good, it sounds like a new genre but in a good way. Very diverse and the lyrics are very mature and folk-y and strong. Her voice is un-human is a good way!  All the songs are strong and fit with each other perfectly. It's rare finding an album where all the tracks are good and has no fillers. One of 2010's best and needs to be discovered in America! Some stand outs are This Love (Will Be Your Downfall), Starry Eyed, Salt Skin, and Wish I Stayed",0,0,"Aug 31, 2011"
7,"Good Album. It's full of catchy melodies, fun rhythms and beats, and Ellie often has an appealing voice in her songs. Her cover of Elton John's 'Your Song' seemed out of place for both the album and for Ellie herself. The Live performance of 'Starry Eyed' was more up her alley, but also felt misplaced. Nothing stands out lyrically in her songs, as most of it seemed relatively standard. The songs that stand out are 'Lights', 'Starry Eyed', 'Animal', and 'Guns and Horses'. Definitely give her a listen!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2012"
6,"A bit overproduction overload here. radio friendly and sugar coated for mass consumption but beneath all the polish there are some really good tunes if you listen carefully enough. She has a lot of potential, would nice to see her left to her own devices",0,0,"Dec 15, 2011"
9,"I discovered that album just lately on a trip to the big apple. It's been 4 weeks and i have to say i hardly listened to anything else since. Ellie has a beautiful voice, but the way she uses it is what got me in the first place. It's the little things, the arrangements, the geeky/dance samples, the way she uses all the moving variations that makes that Ep truly great. Lights was the first track i got to discover, with its catchy tones and mesmerizing rhythm. But as usual with great Eps, some other tracks quickly got my attention. Not the obvious Elton John cover (which gives a new spin on an old timeless classic i happen to love). Ellie has the gift to produce graphic sensations with her lyrics on the most common things, getting you to experience them in a colorful and sensible way. The writing, singing and music come together in a complex but easy to follow way that is both hypnotic and remarkable. Often i pondered on the way the rhythm is done, and was amazed at the work that was created on its simple complexity. There was obviously a lot of work into this, but it didn't overshadow the heart of it. Truly a work of art that 'll be hard to top, but i wish she does it again with the second Ep that's coming out shortly. Not that i can get enough of that one. My picks : I'd recommend listening to 'Under the sheets', 'Wish I Stayed', 'Salt Skin', 'Your biggest mistake' and 'Little Dreams'.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2012"
8,"If you're fully accustomed to manufactured Top 40 pop songs, then Ellie Goulding's debut, Lights, is somewhat distinctive but a brilliant album for everyone. Ellie Goulding isn't just a pop singer; her album is proof that pop music isn't limited to vocoders, computers, and boring lyrics; in fact, the songwriting on Lights is prim, proper, and appeals to the daydreamers. Ellie's voice is very raw and one of a kind like Bjrk's; one that you wouldn't expect to hear on airplay but an acquired listen. I recommend first-time listeners check out the hot singles 'The Writer' and 'Guns and Horses.'",0,0,"Mar 18, 2012"
8,"A Very Nice Album!
Great Debut",0,0,"Jun  6, 2012"
8,"Soft, sweet and delightful. This English Debut but Folktronica princess, Ellie Goulding is a real sweet charmer. Complete with techno, swift guitar playing beats and auto-tunic flavour. It was sure to prove a crashing stormer and it did. 'Starry Eyed' Is a catchy favourite & highlights are 'Gun's & Horses,' 'Under the Sheets,' & 'The Writer'",0,0,"Jul 13, 2012"
7,"Ellie ha definido su msica gracias a su divertido y cmodo estilo de canto, siendo sincero, su delicadeza a la hora de cantar, pero as mismo su dureza a la hora de expresarse, me ha encantado.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
7,"Overall this album works. As debuts go it creates a modern folktronica sound infused with her beautiful wispy vocals and a pop aesthetic. Download: Under The Sheets, Starry Eyed, Lights.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2016"
10,"I've been listening to this album for close to 3 years and it hasn't gotten old. Listen to the second song on the album; if you like that then listen to the rest. The songs get slightly weaker as you go down the album, but still great for a repeat listen.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"Surprisingly outstanding, this album manages to find a perfect balance between a classy electro-pop and a well-crafted indie-folk style: one coudn't imagine a more impressive debut album.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2014"
8,"Lights is an exceptionally strong debut. The production is lush and wonderful, and the songwriting is generally quite good. But Ellie's unique voice is what really sets Lights apart from other synth pop that would be otherwise indistinguishable. Ellie sort of reminds me of a more upbeat version of Dido, another favorite artist of mine, so this album really appeals to me, especially since the quality is more or less consistent all the way through. Standout tracks include Lights and Guns and Horses.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2015"
8,"Esse lbum possu uma produo maravilhosa como Guns And Horses, Starry Eyed, Under The Sheets e Salt Skin se algumas faixas fossem trocadas pelas as do BG ficaria melhor como Lights e Human, sem duvida  um lbum maravilhoso as msicas combinam com a voz dela diferente e possu uma produo variada, espero que ela volte a fazer msicas assim.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
7,"Someone needs to take this girl in the right direction. A lot of the songs on here are Barbara Streisand-style blasty **** and to be honest, Clare deserves better.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
7,"Great debut, but sadly, lacks the emotion and power that it was hyped to show. Lead single 'Ain't Nobody' starts off slow, telling how her heart only has room for one love and she thinks that one love should think the same way, but isn't a great song. Second single 'The Last Dance' is a get-up-and-sing powerhouse of a single. This song truly shows the power in Maguire's voice that most of the other tracks failed to show. The chorus 'I save my last dance for you, my friend.' may lack lyrical genius, but with the strong drum backing and dancy synth sounds the lyrics don't matter much. Third single 'The Shield and The Sword', with it's string intro and house piano backing welcoming the listener into 3 and a half minutes of pop gold. The track depicts Maguire's overcoming of a somewhat unpleasant break up 'You take the shield, I'll take the sword, I no longer love you.' shows that Clare is well and truly over and is on the offensive, showing she is a strong woman. Sadly, intro 'Are you Ready? and outro 'This is not the End' seem to be album fillers and nothing more. Ballad 'Bullet' is one of the record's highlights, showing the raw emotion that was promised of the record, a tale of heartbreak it may be, but it is a track that will be on repeat for those in a blue mood. 'The Happiest Pretenders' and 'Break These Chains' depict the fall of a relationship and just wanting to break free from it, feeling that she is imprisoned in a sad situation. Sadly, 'I Surrender', 'You're Electric' and 'Light After Dark' fall flat. Top tracks are 'The Last Dance', 'Bullet', and 'The Shield and the Sword'.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2011"
8,"The much matured and acceptable nice album that may rise them to a limited fame but they have to create some more lyric centered songs to get into mainstream",1,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"I liked their previous album, so this one was a no-brainer. Every song is on the CD is great. It is refreshing to see that good lyrics haven't died yet like most current music. The only complaint is that it is like most of The Script's songs in that they are usually pretty same-y. This makes a great CD to own because the songs have such a widespread likeability about them.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2013"
10,"I love the script there so talented love all there albums especially this one",1,1,"Mar 31, 2013"
6,"I have to say, this album left me majorly disappointed. I quite liked the man who can't be moved and other similar tracks off the first album, but it was the more different songs such as rusty halo and we cry that made me like them all the more :).It feels like this second album has somehow become more of the less interesting songs on the first album. I suppose a lot of people will enjoy this simply because it's more of the same, but the lack of a few curveballs makes this far too safe and uninteresting in my book. A shame, because I think this band could go places.",0,1,"Feb 10, 2011"
7,"The second album by The Script is glossier, less catchier, but it still has a impact.. nice!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2011"
9,"Refreshing...Musical...You will find yourself singing a different song each day!!! Exit Wounds and the song 'Nothing' really stand out!  this band has opened for U2 and Paul McCartney. They must be doing something right!",0,0,"Jan 25, 2011"
7,"Now we're talking. THIS is what The Script is all about. Good rhythm and amazing lyrics. Songs are not similar to their previous album. Science & Faith is fresh and current.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
8,"In one of the album highlights and the lead single 'For the First Time',  lead singer O'Donoghue sings '...Yeah, they're making us crazy, don't give up on me baby.' It's fitting, as The Script's fans will surely not give up on the band if they continue to make fantastic Pop Rock albums like their sophomore effort here.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2011"
9,"This might not be the best album out there, but it's really good!! Nothing, For the First Time, and the title track are the best tracks. This is musically an improvement compared to their debut.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
10,"This album may not be the most refined, but it soared well beyond my own expectations. It may not hold theme in the terms of sound, but lyrically, although it is not innovative, it contains within it the angst of a girl scorned by love, clearly more than once, but with a glimpse of hope and an overtone of sexuality.The set opens with 'Buyou', a brash, brassy album opener with pace-along, interchanging production provided by Boi-1da and co. The blatant 'I have arrived' opener is assisted by J. Cole, who's rap delivery focuses on swanning in on the scorned females burned by their 'broke, broke boys'. Tracks 2 & 3, 'Pretty Girl Rock' and 'The Way Ya Love Me', featuring Rick Ross, move from the perspective of woman to man, instead focusing on the female perspective. 'Pretty Girl Rock' is a standard sing-a-long female anthem, perhaps being interpretable to some as a bragging show by Hilson. The outlandish and loud 'The Way Ya Love Me' can be hard to listen to due to the sheer tonality and lyrics of the track, and is, for me, the worst track of the set. Track 4, 'Bahm Bahm...' is a throwaway number, with Hilson acting as a Rihanna-type figure, the track laced with island flavor. Tracks 5 onward act as the album's main 'Hoora' however, opening with the swooning R&B gropefest 'One Night Stand'. A ridiculously sexy, yet slightly trashy duet with Chris Brown, the two singers harmonise and ad-lib throughout the song, there high pitched tones coursing through the Bereal produced track. A highlight of the song, and album itself is the  spoken seduction during the conclusion of the song by Brown, acting as a segue into the sixth track, an odd song(s) produced by StarGate, with additional star power thrown in by rapper Nelly. The obvious attempt at Rihanna success is heard through the song (and producers), but the song contains a catchiness and vocal ability that is so very Keri Hilson, and the immediate close to the track and open of ballad outro 'Let Me Down', a 2 minute section of the song with light beatboxing adds a new-found interest in the album itself, as a glint of originality is added in place of the feeling that Hilson is trying to be someone she's not. This interest is continued into 'Toy Soldier', a Danja produced track racked with disappointment to an aggressive male counterpart. The song is a standout of the set, with a club beat, but bassline, instrumentation and vocal of a ballad, making this song an interesting piece as itself. Tracks 8 & 9, single 'Breaking Point' and 'Beautiful Mistake', are the only 2 Timbaland productions of the standard set, and are both general R&B tracks, with 'Beautiful Mistake' being a clear winner of these 2 tracks, not by the light-hearted production, but by the lyrical work of a woman seeing error in pursuing a romantic relationship with a previous friend. Track 10 - 'Gimme What I Want', a certified club banger is an unprecedented lashing of Hip-Hop fun, an idea almost left barren by the album. 'All the Boys', the closing cut from the standard album, is an ode to a lover, with a ripe vocal and acoustic tenderness that acts as a perfect closing to the album. If any of the other editions are purchased, there are still many more songs to enjoy, however.The standout of these is 'Fearless', the iTunes bonus track, a stomping proclamation of catchiness and bravery.Overall, this album to me is a flawless set of self doubt, balanced by the strength of a scorned but hopeful female.",1,1,"Dec 26, 2010"
3,"This album is a huge letdown compared to her debut 'In A Perfect World...'.  A lot of the material in the album sounds a lot like what Rihanna has already done.  Also, the cohesion between each song is very poorly linked.  The only good songs, in my opinion, are 'Pretty Girl Rock', and 'One Night Stand'.  'Lose Control', in my opinion, is a poor remake of Rihanna's 'What's My Name'.  I was shocked when listened to 'The Way You Love Me'.  It is very oversexed, and her chanting 'F*** me, f*** me' sounds very strange.",1,1,"Apr 21, 2011"
6,"I was not impressed with this album. It has a few good songs, and will perhaps last on my playlist and not fade off after time. Such as Pretty Girl Rock, Buyou and They Way You Love Me. I'd say not as good as her previous album. Overall a decent album, but nothing to remember. I was hyped up before the release, but felt a little let down after.",0,1,"Jan  4, 2011"
5,"'No Boys Allowed' isn't all that, but it definitely isn't bad. The best songs are 'Pretty Girl Rock', 'Bahm Bahm'and the 'Pretty Girl Rock' remix featuring Kanye West.",0,1,"Aug 26, 2013"
7,"This album was better to listen to the second time round. The first time of listening to the album i wasnt really impressed but my rating of the album has increased since. I still dont think it reaches the heights of her first album which was really really impressive. If her next album is on the scale of her first then thatll be fantastic but this is a solid album and good to listen to.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2011"
7,"I really like Keri Hilson, her musical style. I even liked this album but, I don't know, i feel that it's only for business and not for love for music. I still love Keri, but I'll rather see something better next time.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2011"
4,"I really really like 'Pretty Girl Rock' & 'The Way You Love Me' but... other songs in this album make me sleepy quizckly. why? other songs not have interesting point and when its combine with slowly song... BOOM!!! Sleepy Songs are already here!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2011"
0,"Congrats Critics, yet another overrated Album. Unless you are a Hoodrat that can easily mistake a fast food place for a 5 star restaurant then this isnt for you. Not 1 song is beyond mediocre & most are just plain bad. Even her counterpart Keri hilson's album is better & atleast she can hold a half way decent note & a cpl good songs.",2,4,"Dec 23, 2010"
9,"I love this album.  There aren't many misses on this album, and Ciara played to her strengths.  Vocally she's not the strongest, but the songs are catchy and memorable anyways.  She is finally sticking to her strengths of being a pop singer in a R&B shell.  I particularly love 'Speechless', 'Yeah I Know', and 'Turn It Up.'  I hope that 'Turn It Up' is the next single and that Usher does make an appearance on the video.  I think this will cement her place with artists like Rihanna, Beyonce, and Katy Perry.",1,2,"Dec 15, 2010"
8,"Loving Ciara's work. This album has multiple good tracks and a few songs that will withstand the fading of tracks off playlists. Ride, Gimme Dat and Turn It Up are tracks worth mentioning. The overall thought to this album is good, but not as impressive as hoped to be for a 'come back' as most critics mention her sales (though I loved Fantasy Ride).",0,1,"Jan  4, 2011"
8,"This wasnt an album i expected to be so good. Definitely one of the surprise packages of the year. This album defines R&B, it has everything you would want from an R&B album. Theres not one song where i felt the need to skip the song and also there are least 5 very very good songs. The album definitely shows the talent she has. Very impressive from Ciara.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2010"
9,"This is one of the best R&B album of this year. Ciara is pure talent and she is trying to show everybody her skills as an artist. Maybe she doesn't have the big marketing machine than others artists have but her talent will stand for her.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2010"
9,"When you have given the album a few listens, you can tell that Ciara has taken her time making it just perfect! It's amazing! You can listen to it all the way through it without skipping any tracks! Only song i'm not so into is Girls Get Your Money, but it's ejoyable though, so i don't have to skip it! To me it's clearly THE ALBUM OF THE YEAR! GO GET IT!(: Favorites: Basic Instinct (U Got Me), Ride featuring Ludacris, Gimmie Dat, Heavy Rotation, Yeah I Know, Speechless, You Can Get It, Turn It Up featuring Usher & Wants For Dinner!",0,0,"Dec 18, 2010"
6,"It seems that Ciara finaly has a finely produced record filled with boy bashing anthems, guaranteed floor fillers and nice soft ballads. 'Basic Instinct' may be better than her 2009 release 'Fantasy Ride' but it is definitely not her best work. It's an album worth listening to but it won't keep you interested for long.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2010"
10,"It's a terrible shame that Ciara's most critically-acclaimed album is the one that was such a flop that she was dropped from her record label. All the songs are great. My favorite is 'You Can Get It'.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
8,"I have listened to better R&B artists, but Ciara put herself near the top with 'Basic Instinct', and with songs like 'Heavy Rotation' and 'Turn It Up', how is this at the bottom?",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
8,"You know those albums that take your heart away from the first time you hear them? 'Michael' is one of them. From the first to the last song in the album you can feel the the amazing voice of Michael Jackson along with simple sweat beats that will take you to a different dimension. When I first heard that this album will be released after Michael's death I didn't have high expectations for it, but it turned out to be one hell of an album and a perfect closure to Michael's career.",1,1,"Jun 16, 2012"
4,"Big fan, I think all all his albums are great, but this just sounds like straight up b-sides. It's definitely okay and enjoyable straight through, but despite some higher points the album fly's pretty low the entire time. I think there is a reason this material was never released while Michael was alive and that reason is that it's a far cry from his 'a' game. If you're a fan like me you'll likely enjoy it, but it's not gaining any new fans, and it's definitely not adding any value to his previous releases.  It's really just okay.",1,2,"Dec 15, 2010"
3,"This is what happens when people want to milk as much money out of the household name Michael Jackson. The songs sound half-baked and they were probably knocked up in a few minutes. The only standout track on the album is Much Too Soon. I wouldn't listen to the rest, it's forgettable throwaway pop.",1,2,"Dec 31, 2010"
8,"MJ's b-sides and throw away tracks are better than most current artists' A material. That said, 'Behind The Mask' and 'Breaking News' 'Hollywood Tonight' and 'I Can't Make It Another Day' are excellent and worty of inclusion on any of Jackson's previous albums.",0,1,"Dec 17, 2010"
8,"I have always been a huge fan of MJ and when the Estate said they were releasing new music from MJ I was really worried that tracks he may or may not have finished or released in the first place may somehow diminish the public's view of what a great performer he was. I purchased this CD and tried my best to listen to it as I would any other CD. With Thriller being the best CD ever I would rate it at a 10, Bad 9, Dangerous 8, History 8, Invincible 8 (I realize that it was not as well received as the others but I love this CD and believe many are missing out if they did not give this one a fair shake). Invincible had some tracks with the Bad and Dangerous style but also had a couple of R&B style tracks that was a style he showed more on Off the Wall (8). I think people need to first remember that the estate put this CD out and so I view this CD as Volume 1 of the MJ unfinished library. I did not expect the CD to flow like one put out by any artist because who knows if MJ would have used any of these songs let alone put them on the same CD. So listening to this CD as a taste of some of the tracks and sounds MJ was working on for the past 30 years I will say I have not stopped listening to this CD. It really brought a smile to my face when I heard the second track, Hollywood Tonight, because it starts off with MJ",0,1,"Dec 24, 2010"
7,"I am very open to the newer material of Michael Jackson - my favourite albums of his are his last three (in order) Dangerous, HIStory II and Invincible - but 'Michael' is not to a standard that Michael Jackson would accept. It's OK and enjoyable to an extent, but almost all the slower songs apart from the lovely album ending 'Much Too Soon' feel like filler, whereas in Invincible the ballads were a special showcase. Considering I love Jacko's venture into Jack Swing, my favourite tracks are the striking 'Breaking News', the wild 'Monster' and especially Jackson's version of 'Behind The Mask', which sounds like the oldest song of the bunch. Definitely buy if you are a fan of Michael Jackson and, like me, just want to hear anything the greatest artist of all time has left us with.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2010"
4,"I really enjoy listening to  Michael Jackson, but this album was a slight let-down. Michael seems nothing more than a bunch of half-finished material haphazardly put together just for the sake of commercial appeal. The album probably would have been better if it was billed as a b-sides collection rather than an actual studio album. Longtime Michael Jackson fans will question this album, while at the same time, it won't gain any new ones.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2010"
7,"I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson and I was very excited about his posthumous album 'MICHAEL'. But disappointed after it's release as it dint reach it's expectations. MJ's vocals are the only thing I like in this album. The music composed for this album is a big drawback for it. It reminds me of MJ's previous albums. Also some lines are frequently repeated in some tracks making them boring. The album isn't a total disaster though as it gives a different experience compared to the rest.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2011"
2,"This posthumous album does not withstand any of Michael Jackson's previous materials. The album can be associated to as a compilation of songs from his previous album that did not make the cut.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
8,"This maybe a generous review if you compare it to the likes of Thriller and Bad, but what you have here is 10 songs which could've been. Maybe not to the perfection of how Michael himself would've wanted it but its certainly a very enjoyable album for any MJ fan! Behind the Mask, Gone Too Soon, Hollywood Tonight and Best of Joy for me are the highlights stringed together with enjoyable songs. Still a must for any MJ fan!",0,0,"Apr 25, 2011"
6,"Nothing here is really memorable (well, duh--it's not like it's any of Michael Jackson's older stuff), but it's all fun, spunky, and it REMINDS us of his older music.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2011"
8,"An 8/10 score for Michael Jackson, the King of Pop, is an 8/15 to any other singer and artists. Here is an album full of Jackson's passion for music. It shows his best vocals and his greatness in bringing wonderful music. I would have rated it 10 if it did not include Neyo and Akon in the recording. It would have been better if all the tracks were only sung by Jackson himself. All in all, Michael is a fit posthumous album to Jackson. It would leave us craving for more. P.S. Sony will distribute 10 posthumous albums in the near future which will include Jackson's unreleased songs.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2012"
6,"terrible!
worst album by Michael and by any major pop star
hard to believe that a star who made thriller could make this dreadful album
a shame really",0,0,"Aug  8, 2013"
7,"This album is not sound of pop-king,but it is new modern tracks.And i can't absolutely say that vocal belongs MJ.Basically, album is not bad.Hit tracks-Behind the mask,Holywood Tonight,Hold my hand.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2014"
5,"Michael wouldn't have approved this album's release even if he was involved in making it. He wouldn't have been satisfied with this quality. A lot of the songs are over processed in a lame attempt to make them modern. 50 Cent being on the album is jarring and Monster is a terrible song in general. There are a couple of decent songs which is why I can't give this a negative review but it still isn't something Michael would have put out.
Notable Songs: Hollywood Tonight, (I Can't Make It) Another Day and Behind the Mask",0,0,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"I see Thriller as the album of a lifetime, because of its lyrics, choreography, production, and the swag it came with. This album really revolutionized the music world and even till this day Thriller has been embedded into society for what seems like a millennium. The singles that made Thriller so great are often times remixed, covered, and choreographed, because of their unique and exquisite lyrics. You will at least hear one of the songs from Thriller wherever you go. At like concerts, sporting events, talent shows, music auditions or dance auditions, house parties, clubs, and many more. One thing that sets Thriller apart from most hit albums is that it still resonates with its fan from back in 1982, and whats even more compelling is that it probably gained more fans from people who weren't even born in the time of Thrillers release. And thats due to the great production that went into it. The fact that Thriller probably has more fans that are probably 25 years old or younger just goes to show how the greatness of Thriller never faded away, which makes it as special as it is. This is what made Thriller so special and influential, because it had that lasting effect that most albums just dont have, and the funk will never fade",0,0,"Jun 17, 2015"
9,"This is a great album that I fear will not get the recognition it deserves. Diddy doesn't skimp on any part of this album. Tons of great original productions and lyrics will make your drive to the clubs pretty fun.",3,3,"Mar 10, 2011"
7,"I had no intentions of even looking on Diddy's album cover. I must say though, that this is a solid album, with extremely strong production value. Great listen. The biggest problem with Diddy's album is... well... Diddy. He's always been a poor rapper, and that hasn't changed. 'Coming Home' is such a beutiful song, but his amateur delivery really brings the song down. Thankfully, the album is not drowned in Diddy raps. In fact, at points you'll forget he's on it. The two Dirty Money ladies are solid, and the guest artists are generally good. Great listen overall. 7.5.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2011"
8,"I really enjoy this album.  Love the Dance and soul style to this album. This album is really good. Better than  I expected. He uses dirty money to sing on the song while he raps and then the features , great job. Diddy did a great job with this album. One of the year best album. I was surprise with how good Last Train TO Paris was. I been waiting on this album for a while, i didn't expected this album to be really good. This is an album worth having",1,1,"Dec 30, 2010"
9,"Allot of people hate on Diddy. I am not a huge Diddy fan, as in him as a person, my thoughts on him and his lyrical credibility are pretty neutral. But, you cannot deny his musical talent. This album's production is fantastic. He does not follow radio trends. He carves his own sound out that still fits in with popular music today. To me, this album tramples Kanye's album in terms of production and listenability and overall actual enjoyment of listening to the music. Press Play was also an amazing album, this one is a great follow up. Thanks for this Diddy and Dirty Money! Great work!",1,1,"Dec 17, 2010"
8,"Last Train To Paris!!! I suppose Diddy shows his musical talent yet again. Admittedly hes not the best lyrical rapper but the music he produces or puts together is second to none. His stature within the music industry allowed him to get major artists on the album. Some of the beats are some of the beats of the year including Hello Good Morning and Hate That You Love Me. Would definitely recommend this album to anyone. Currently with this album i would rate it 7/10 but its got better each time after listening to it, so 8/10.",1,1,"Dec 20, 2010"
6,"Last Train To Paris: I'm glad that Diddy did this album, the production is great, his songs are an evolved form of what we are used to hearing from him, and the album cover seems to capture the mood of the project. The downside for me was the similarity in sound between each tracks. Even though some people like albums to all have a common thread of emotion, for me I prefer a wider range of mood than just the flow of consistency. Track arrangement was okay, I really like track 2 'yeah yeah you would' because it starts off the album with such a bang, but unfortunately it doesn't keep the energy throughout. The song 'Angels' F. Biggie started off great, awesome verses by Biggie, but the auto-tune hook is so weak, and drug out.  I wish someone with a great voice would of actually sung it instead. The disappointed seemed to be in the song with Lil Wayne and Justin Timberlake, 'Shades' it had nothing remember-able to it at all. Overall I don't feel that 'Last Train To Paris' was as futuristic and game changing as Diddy had intended.",0,1,"Dec 28, 2010"
2,"With his latest release Diddy proves the fact that his work is forgetable. 'Last Train To Paris' is an hour long mess of an album which showcases Diddy's inconsistency.",0,3,"Dec 19, 2010"
5,"The album is quite boring. I thought it would be good because of some of the singles in the album but the album just had boring material.",0,2,"Feb 21, 2011"
10,"This album is one of my favorite of all time. It may one day be looked back on a classic and a revolutionary merger of hip-hop music with european techno/house elements, but for now it is the most unpopular and overlooked album ever released by a major musical act (I dare say, Diddy's name might have hurt the performance of this album). There is not one song on here that is not good and there are only 5 songs out of 15 that are not EXCELLENT. Even the bonus Itunes tracks (16 and 17) are EXCELLENT (whereas most bonus tracks on albums are needless additions/marketing ploys).
The audience for this album didn't exist at the time it was released and might still be nascent. There are some INCREDIBLE performances on this album by EVERYONE on it (and this was a star studded album). This is way ahead of its time. Just listen to all hip-hop/r&b as well as dance music released that year and before: there is NOTHING like this album on the market in 2010. If it is remembered years down the line, then this review will be a testament to the fact that is was a relative flop and no one except the most out there people really got this album when it was released.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2013"
10,"This album not only SHOULD had been nomination for the 2009 grammy for album of the year, it SHOULD HAD won. Sad to see albums like these go overlooked and passed over. This album is one of the best albums I have EVER heard!",0,0,"Jul 26, 2015"
10,"This is beyond Hip Hop, this is something more. Kanye West just raised the bar for an entire genre and proved he has a magnificent capacity and knowledge of crafting music that has been unseen by anyone who calls themselves a rapper.  I feel sorry for anyone who had a rap album this year, because everything, absolutely everything pales in comparison to My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.",33,34,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"Mr. West has proved himself to be a great musician since the beginning. But my his latest installment will have fans anticipating if he has anything more genius-like up his sleeve. The lyrics on each song are intelligent, but it's also the beats that hold the songs together. 'Runaway' is my favorite off this album. This is just amazing perfection.",25,27,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"This is an album that deserves the acclaim it is getting through the press. It has some pretty awesome transitions between tracks and some pretty cutting edge stuff for a 'mainstream' rap album. I actually think a lot of 'mainstream' fans are going to resist this album, and for that, and the risk-taking that Kanye is taking, I give this CD a 10.",19,21,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"Few artists could get away with this level of genre-bending, norm-shattering composition and hip-hop artistry.  West does it completely, convincing audiences to listen closely to his stories and their deep atmospheres.  If you are looking for any other Kanye album to compare, you're mistaken.  This is a reborn rapper, and with him comes a new era of Kanye-ness.  He's smooth-talking, nasty, and the flows comes much more naturally on this album.  He's stopped thinking so much about his listeners, and the result is raw, good raw.  Forget cutesy, this album is mean; the kind of beats that make you grimace they're so hard.  True hip hop fans finally get something to chew on here, and while I don't know where it stands in the holy 10 of hip hop classics, I can truly say that it is the best hip hop album of this year and perhaps the past 5.  It's ambitious, deliberate, and complete.  November 22nd is Kanye Day forever.",18,20,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"What a great Album. Comes from Kanye's heart. This album is to everyone who has questioned Kanye West's artistic abilities. Very deep, and a new approach to hip-hop.
Is this album going to change Hip Hop for good?",17,20,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"This album is so much different then Kanye's previous albums. His lyrics an punch lines sound more edgier and have more raw flow.  Kanye is a genius and brings creativity to the for front with this album.  The only downfall is that its only 13 songs long, it keeps me wanting more",20,25,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"The best album of the year...so far!!!!! this the sound of the future, the sound of real hip-hop and rap music, the sound of the music...this is Kanye West!!! great artist and a real genius...! this album is so creative, original and perfect!!! the best album of his career...! i wan t this album in my country! great lyrics, crazy and awesome! perfect album!!!!!!",60,85,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"Whether you love him or hate him, there is no denying that Kanye is a musical genius. If you don't agree, then you have not listened to this album yet, or been keeping up with his G.O.O.D. Fridays' free track releases over the last 3 months. 2010 has been the year of Kanye, and this final album release not only meets all high expectations, but surpasses them. This is quite simply, the best album Kanye has released to this date in his career. And there is no denying the simple fact, that this is clearly the album of the year.",7,7,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Haters gon' hate. I think the ratio of negative to positive user reviews tells the whole story. This album is amazing and it isn't cool that people are attempting to maliciously bring down the average score. Metacritic should review scores of 0 for validity.",7,7,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"I have a tendency to approach any wildly praised album with a degree of skepticism...admittedly, I approached this album looking to be as critical as possible.  A part of me was trying to dislike it.  That part of me failed miserably, and the rest of me told the contrarian part to shut up and just listen to the awesomeness.  It's the best-reviewed new release of 2010 for a reason.  You owe it to yourself to own this.  I could sit here and analyze the music to try and convince you, but seriously...just get it and listen for yourself.  That is all.",6,6,"Apr 28, 2011"
10,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is an instant classic, for the second i put my headphones on and started to listen to the 1st track on the album, i was assured that this album will be Kanyes best album to date.The guy is a genius, a living legend. And he was able to accept the events that happened at the VMAs and the backlash he had after it, and put out one of the best albums OF ALL TIME.....OF ALL TIME!",6,6,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"When you check the user-reviews, either you find extremely high-ratings or extremely low-rating. That's the way it is with Kanye. It started with the 808's and heartbreak, either you absolutely loved it or you just really thought it was crap. That's what happened between the critics too. But in this album they're unanimously saying that it's a classic and I agree. It's just phenomenal, the production and the raps. They might be rude and seem very vulgar but hey, check the album title. It's supposed to be that way, it's just that kanye is one of the very few daring enough to speak his mind and the whole theme of the album was to explore his mind. Either you hate Kanye and therefore hate his music or you just hate him. Or you absolutely love him or hate him and love his music. What sets out kanye from the rest is the emotional reactions he gets everywhere from critics and just plain listeners. All in all, you either hate kanyes album or you love it, just like 808's and Heartbreak. I for one love them both. Just like most music lovers do.10/10 for it's brilliant production and possibly one of the very few classic albums of the 2000's so far.",6,6,"Nov 24, 2010"
8,"One of the best mainstream hip hop albums of the year.. I personally like the fact that he acknowledge his faults but at the same time gives the middle finger to his haters and critics...",6,6,"Dec  1, 2010"
10,"This Album is the best album in the past ten years. He has discovered the fact that people don't buy music anymore and buy releasing tracks online every friday makes him a true legend. He has also included 5 covers and a movie for $3 more on the album. I mean what artist has ever done that. The production is amazing as well, he switches up the vocals on blame game so the listener can recognize that there is two people talking to each other. All of the Lights has to be my personal best. I mean what rap artist has transformed a song by putting Rihanna, Fergie, Elton John, Kid Cudi, La-Roux's Lead Singer, The Dream, John Legend, and Ryan Leslie all on one track. People have criticized this man long enough for his 'stealing of moments' ...give me a break. I haven't heard a hip hop album this moving since about the time Nas released Illmatic. This man deserves true respect and loves his job. The least you can do is check out some of the previews then buy it because a true hip hop fan would know that is a good choice.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Excellently edgy lyrics and a simultaneously raw, yet polished sound. It's one of the best hip hop albums of 2010, along with Big Boi's and Gorillaz' efforts, Sir Lucious Left Foot and Plastic Beach, respectively. And maybe even Janelle Mone's record, too, if you overlook the heavy soul influences.",5,5,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"I'm wondering why those Kanye 'fans' rated this album poorly claiming it doesn't live up to their expectations or it's not what they expected. If they were fans, they would have known what to expect with G.O.O.D. Fridays posting almost half the album. Anyway, this is a great album. Fantastically produced, and the lyrics are on par with what he did in his first two albums. Just plain good music.",5,5,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the best album in 2010, (for a little better than Eminem's Recovery). All of the songs are just great. I was expecting this for a long time, and I couldn't  imagine so good album. everything less than 10 would be stupid.",5,5,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"Kanye West's best album. His flow, lyrics, the beats, samples - all top notch. Every song is memorable. This album proves that Kanye's not just a rapper or a producer, but an artist. MBDTF is art. Anyone who calls him untalented, even before this album, but certainly now, is straight up WRONG.",5,5,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"This is a GREAT album. A sure contender for the album of 2010. People that are hating on the album are basically complaining because of some of the words he says. Lets be serious now, if you are a fan of rap music then this is nothing and if you don't like it then you can go and pick up the clean version and then listen to it and you can appreciate the ammount of effort that he puts into every song. Add GOOD Fridays and that just adds up to the appreciation of effort.
I don't care what anybody says because All Of The Lights owns all. It has to be played with the interlude. Its just not the same otherwise!",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"I'm still kind of new to Metacritic so if you've noticed some of my other reviews, it appears that I like to hand out great reviews. Eventually I will get around to trashing some stuff, but not before I uplift this album as the best album of 2010. This is such a great album that I wish I could afford to buy 10 copies of it. I've always thought Kanye has made great albums in my opinion, but this has to be his best one yet. He definitely sets the bar for the next decade of music. If you ignore this because of the Taylor Swift/VMA incident, then you are stupid and it will be your loss. This is the work of a true artist.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"I haven't been a Kanye Fan since his first album; but album has revitalized my interest in him. This album is almost a masterpiece; the only track I somewhat dislike is All the Lights ( I find Rihanna's Voice Annoying....but the track as a whole isn't that bad).   9.5/10 ... so I round up",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"This has the perfect critic rating , still some people here find a way to give it a 0 ! Try and be a smart hater next time !I guess the best way to review this album is by telling you the only way you gonna understand its greatness is by listenning to it no matter what type of music youre accustomed to.It goes beyond any genre or stereotype.Its pure artistry.This album is a perfect combination of his 4 previous LPs :-Soul of College dropout-Hip-hop and Instrumentalism of Late Registration-Futurism of Graduation-Melodies of 808'sIts not rewieable but i still give it a big 10 ! Thank you very much Mr West",5,5,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"I think there's enough reviews out there to cover my thoughts.All I'm going to say is this album is just a masterpiece in all sense of the word...The album itself is a extension of who he is....its too long....too many guest stars...w/e it is....there is a reason for it...Hes always been a over the top guy...it only makes sense songs run long and the guest list is filled.Brilliant album.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"His best album!! loving it. Album of the year in my opinion. Truly amazing. I just might listen to hip hop some more. I though i would quit listening to rap music.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"An absolutely triumphant album. In many ways, this is his Exile On Main Street. These are albums where everything musically, from the artists past, comes together in a darker, louder, more decadent sound. Add in the fact that like EoTM, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy contains lyrics of regret, excess, ego, drugs, religion and hints at psychological despair. And simply put they both rock. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, while probably not the better record, is definitely more personal than EoMS though. Furthermore, when has any rapper, of Kanye's magnitude, been as personal as this on record; putting everything out there on the line for both his many fans and critics to observe? It's a special record, one that will be enjoyed more and more upon repeated listens. The best album of the year, and an immediate early candidate for album of the decade.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"This album has to be the greatest thing I've ever listened to. Every song contains a different story just waiting to be read. Kanye put a lot of work into this album and it shows. It's pretty sad how some people have been reviewing this album based on their personal feelings about Kanye, or about the Taylor Swift incident. If you actually listen to the album you can see the true genius that Mr. West is. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy will be album of the year.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Likely the best album of the year, and arguably the best hip hop album since The Blueprint, if not of all time.  Not only is this further proof that Kanye is one of the most creative people (not to mention the best producer) working in music today, but he's finally come into his own as an MC, which is just icing on the cake.  This is his masterpiece, and only time will tell if he can top it... but at this point, I wouldn't bet against him.Also, to those who appear to be giving negative reviews solely based on their dislike for Kanye as a person, consider that whether or not someone is a jerk has no bearing on the quality of his or her work.  And to those who appear to be giving negative reviews based solely on the frequency of bad language in the lyrics, consider that you're probably not in any position to be reviewing the quality of a hip hop album.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Flawless. Absolutely flawless. I never thought I could gain such inspiration and feel so drained from any rap album.Kanye defies genre and even music in the goal of being an artist, instead of a musician, and he nails it at a level that...there are no words. The flow is incredible and the songs complement each other, feeding off and referencing to make it clear that they're a true album...and yet, you can still listen to them as individuals and not know that you're missing anything.Every single song would earn a 10/10 from me - Monster was a close call, but Minaj killed her part (of all the people...)There is no greater hope for our ears than this remarkable Schizoid Man. We may survive in America after all.Thank you, Kanye West.Thank you.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
9,"One of the most ambitious and engaging albums I have ever heard. Kanye West puts himself at the top of the game with this one, proving that he can do more than just rap about how much bling and **** he has. The way he can examine himself and has the balls to point out his douchebag ways in songs like 'Blame Game' and 'Runaway' is unheard of in the hip hop genre today. In addition, the production on the album is about as elegant as it gets. We, as a society, view Kanye as this outspoken, obnoxious guy and the redeeming feature of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the fact that we get an inside look into the psyche of West and ultimately, sympathize with him. Furthermore, the beats and lyrics, two main things I always look for in a hip hop album, are there 100 percent and make most all other rappers stuff look meek. Overall, the way Kanye is able to put his heart and soul into this one while not letting that hold him back from providing 13 amazing hip hop tracks that you could listen to individually and say 'Wow!' is something I have never seen before and sets a new standard for the whole genre.",5,5,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"this is kanye west best album so far. One of the best hip hop album i ever heard in a long time. I think kanye is brilliant all songs is amazing. This is the best hip hop album of the year and top five album of the year. this is a classic album .If you are a fan of hip hop you should own this album.  A true hip hop fan recognize  good hip hop albums. So happy kanye came back with a classic hip hip album 808 was a good album but it wasn't a classic type of album like this one. Good job kanye west",5,5,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"ALBUM OF THE YEAR! this is pure 'Ye' brilliance here yo! pure genius! the rhymes are pure and flowing, and funny as hell! all the hype that basically built this album really pulled through and has given us something soo amazing i would like to thank yeezy for this 10/10 album... i love it!",5,5,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"EPIC!!!! BIZARRE!!! INSANE!!! RAW!!!
This is, without a doubt, the crowning acheivement of this man's career.
A towering performance of raw emotion. From the sound of his voice, you can't help but wonder if Kanye has lost his sanity. Yes, the lyrics and emotions are THIS intense.
This is, of course, a rap album. But it certainly shattered all the boundaries of traditional hip-hop. It borders on many diverse musical styles that reminds me of The Clash's London Calling back in 1980. You'll find almost everything here: violins, cellos, guitar solos, piano solos, greek choruses, pop beats, and soul. But despite the diversity, you will find that the album is whole and consistent, because the lyrical themes are the main drive here, and as far as they go, they are universal.
However, the review doesn't end here. I've only talked about the music, lyrics and emotion. While that seems like all to some, we mustn't forget what this album represents.
Not since Pink Floyd's The Wall has an album transcended its medium with such genius. A cover art that looks like a Picasso painting, and a music video that reminds us of Michael Jackson's Thriller. The Wall was the last album of the golden age of Rock 'n' Roll. I see history repeating itself here, i don't see how anybody, even Kanye West himself, can top that album in its artistic quality. I feel that a new era for music is upon us; and who is going to be on top, i have no idea. All  i know is that everything rap went through, from Run DMC to The NWA to the Chronic all the way to Eminem, Jay-Z and Lil Wayne, has come down to this, a watershed moment in music history that proves once and for all that Rap like its predecessor (Rock) was the voice of this generation.
Nothing will ever be the same again.
Thank you, Kanye West, for this album of biblical proportions. Like Pink Floyd, you took this music genre to the height of its power. I hope, unlike Pink Floyd, you don't break down like them. However, i think you will.",5,5,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"Since his debut album, Kanye West has strived to bring the soul and music side back to the forefront of mainstream hip-hop, and with every release Mr. West has claimed that he's going to evolve the music by himself whether the genre likes it or not.The real brilliance of this album comes from how well it truly improves upon his previous work.  With every album that has come out his celebrity has encompased his artistry a little more and a little more. The boiling point being 808's where the artist finally had enough and created what could've been career suicide had any other hip-hop artist tried it. With this album the artist and the celebrity have come to a beautiful compromise. The celebrity is more self-consious and critical of himself and the world around him (the 'Kanye-isms' are humbled), and the artist is more determined and inspired (The production challenges all pop music to be better than it is in epic fashion). Colledge Dropout USED to be his most honest album. Late Registration USED to be his most well rounded. Graduation USED to be his most celebratorial. 808's USED to be his most vulnerable. They all play like peices to a puzzle now. Fantasy compliments the strength of the previous albums so well, and mixes what he's learned from each album so well, that it could act as a direct follow up to any one of them. The guests and samples he brings in show Kanye's reach knows no boundaries. This album plays like an art showing of a tormented artist and as you walk through the gallery you run into the likes of Bon Iver, Kid Cudi, King Crimson, Nicki Minaj, Elton John, Rick Ross, Chris Rock, Smokey Robinson, Rhianna, and the Backyard Heavies. With this album Kanye has grown beyond just a hip-hop artist he's officially achieved the legend status he's been bragging about for the past 4 albums. Simply put, the music invades your mind. When I finally took the CD out of my laptop, the album had already played through 5 times.",4,4,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Heat for the street!  This cd has the arrogance of LL's Bigger and Deffer, the with of Slick Ricks Adventure of....,the boldness of Ice Cubes Amerikkka's most and the conscienceness of PE's It takes of million..Definitely a masterpiece!!!!!!!!!!",4,4,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"Didn't expect anything less from Kanye. He just doesn't know how to put out a wack album. No other Hip-Hop Artist can do what he does. it's a definate 10/10 for me...20/10 if possible.",4,4,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"I can't get over how great this album is. I've been playing it nonstop since I bought it and I still have the same feeling of amazement each and every time I listen to it. Never have I heard a song that brought on so many different emotions as Blame Game did. It's a sad song, but the addition of the Chris Rock spoken word at the end adds some humor. After a while I realized that the Chris Rock bit was what Kanye was hearing on the phone and that made it even more sad, but strangely it was still funny. Too many great points in this album to go into detail. I just suggest you give it a try and decide for yourself.",4,4,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"Makes every album this year feel lightweight",4,4,"Dec  1, 2010"
9,"Kanye has been changing his sound with every album but this time its the biggest and best change to date, Every song is a lot different from the last and with guest spots from Jigga, Kid Cudi and Bon Iver it is truly his best piece of work yet",3,3,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"Kanye shows the deepest side of him in My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. He tried to exploit it on 808's And Heartbreak, but really succeeded on his fifth album. I personally bought the Deluxe edition with the Runaway movie, and I have to admit that I had to listen to the movie to really love My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. I'll say that the movie and the album really complete this masterpiece. The original art-cover is simply amazing, but sadly banished. For a radio success, I really can't find a single song that could be a success on Billboard's Hot 100, and that's perfect for people like me who prefers albums to singles. As a whole artistic entity, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is awesome, not as much to my eyes than 808's and Heartbreak (even if 808's And Heartbreak sounded more for the radio). The use of auto-tune is clearly reduced on this new opus. I recommend this album to any Kanye fan, any quality rap fan (this means no 50 Cents fans). Good job Mr. West, keep up the good work.",3,3,"Nov 24, 2010"
9,"I generally have no feelings towards Kanye (and don't own any of his music), I usually listen to Radiohead as my staple music listening diet. This CD so far is AWESOME... it actually has interesting things to say and is decent to listen to.. I think this music really is inspiring and perfect for so many different moods.. I think i've heard about 80% of it on the radio and youtube. Going to buy it tomorrow. The Bon Iver track is GOLD! Bon Iver rocks. Glad it's not just ripping it up and he actually dragged the guy in to lay down some vocals.",3,3,"Nov 24, 2010"
9,"Great album, close to perfection. Every song is a masterpiece and a milestone in hip hop music. nas wasnt right mourning -hip hop is dead-, kanye flipped over the genre.",3,3,"Nov 23, 2010"
9,"Great songs, I enjoy nearly every single one and have four special ones already.  This album is different in a way, feeling even more creative, out there and original. I'm not a huge Kanye supporter but I did want to check out this album, the lyrics are great and strike straight to their points while flowing incredibly well.  the beats on quite a few of the songs are heavy and intense, great stuff.",3,3,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"This is an excellent album.  I would hesitate to call this Kanye's best album, but I do believe it is the realization of all his talents and many persona's.  The album begins and ends brilliantly.  Many of the songs on this album were released on his website far before the release and this has in a weird way made me skip the middle portion.  'Gorgeous' is one of my favorites and features Kanye at his rapping best alongside Kid Cudi who has a knack for hooks and working well with West.  Who is doing this better right now?  Nobody comes close and Kanye knows it.",3,3,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"Excerpt from http://green--typewriters.blogspot.com/ .........................................................I personally relate the excellence of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy to the fact that this album could, and probably should, have been awful. There was so much pressure stacked against this album and it is jaw dropping that this is what was produced out of all that hate. Kanye is the epitomist of pop culture and the most self-righteous voice that it has created in a while. He reinsures this fact by producing his best piece of work that is not confined by traditional pop culture models placed on mainstream music. He wonderfully attacks and withholds the glorified level that he is, in all rights, living on. Kanye contextualizes his life into a lived fantasy and he accepts that this life is obviously not defined as normal. More importantly, he is self-aware enough to view it from an outside source, thus purposely naming it his Fantasy. It is his masterpiece as far as we're concerned. It is beautiful. It is utterly personal.. sometimes tragic.. but refreshingly honest.",3,3,"Nov 23, 2010"
9,"I signed up to Metacritic purely to point out the following pattern in the negative reviews of Kanye West's brilliant masterpiece, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.At this writing, five of the six '1' and '0' scores that were accompanied by written reviews were written by first time reviewers; they have not entered another review on Metacritic, calling their credibility into question. And the one reviewer who wrote more than one review, 'Drag,' is a fan of -- surprise, surprise -- Taylor Swift's album, as evidenced by the '9' score given to her album, Speak Now.Draw your own conclusions and, for the sincere users among you, enjoy listening to the most inventive, creative and downright entertaining album of the year. I know I did.",3,3,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"Really really loved this album.  Kanye really steps his sampling level up a notch.  I loved the sampling on this thing.  Also his raps are vary tight and original.  And he featured the right people, they all contributed just the right thing to the album.  The only reason this album didn't get a perfect score from me is that beginning section of the song All of the lights.  It just sounded generic, but I was very happy when Kanye and Rhianna Started to rap on it.  It ended up being a good song.",3,3,"Nov 24, 2010"
9,"As much as I dislike the man in the spotlight for his arrogance, after a couple listens through this album I couldn't help but dig on some of the beats and relate to some of the descriptive lyrics.",3,3,"Dec  1, 2010"
9,"All in all this album is great to say the least. Kanye deserves a lot of respect for taking a chance on something so unfamiliar and unique. It seems as though the more I listen to it the more it grows on me and the more I become acclaimed to this new sound. The only concerns I have deal with the overly done music solos and the speaking sections of some songs. Besides those 5 minutes of the 70 minute long album, Kanye's work is gold.",3,3,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"By far the best album kanye has ever made. Features 8 fantastic songs plus a few b sides. This is worth it and people with mean comments must be crazy.",3,3,"Feb  7, 2011"
10,"The BEST album of 2010. It's art, Hip-Hop, a masterpiece, creative, genius, and unique. It's hard for me to explain about this album. Great Production. This album was well though of and Kanye West took his time on the album and it has paid off. This album and Janelle Monae's album, The ArchAndroid, was the best albums of 2010!",3,3,"Jan  4, 2012"
10,"Quite simply put : This is Kanye's greatest work, his masterpiece. The amazing detail he put into production and the amazing lyrics, this album quite deservedly won the love of critics all over the world. One of the greatest albums of hip-hop and the greatest album of this decade. From 'Runaway', the incredibly simple, yet incredibly deep song, in which Kanye warns his love of his faults and in which he spills his soul, all the way to 'Gorgeous' where he shows his great talent of making those incredible lines, that incredible lyrical talent, making it sound so easy. All in all, one of the greatest albums of hip-hop and in my opinion the greatest album of this decade.",3,3,"Aug 12, 2011"
10,"The greatest album of the decade. The greatest hip-hop album of this era, the era post Biggie and Tupac. Production-masterful, beautiful, stunning. Lyrics-incredible, smart. Plethora of guest stars, including Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Rihanna, etc. Check. Kanye's true masterpiece with which he shows that not only did he reach his mentor Jay-Z, but he surpassed him. The album with which he shows he is the leading force of not only hip-hop, but the leading artist of the music scene today. When you are able to spill your heart and soul like he is in an album, you know you are truly great. 11/10!",3,3,"Aug 13, 2011"
10,"Kanye West is a musicall genious, every thing this man touches turns to gold every song he gets on is a musicall masterpiece. he is deffenitlly one of my favorite rappers of all time. This album is his latest solo installment and has that sound that blows the radio in your car up.",3,3,"Sep 28, 2011"
10,"Easily the best album of 2010, definitely in my top 5 best albums of the decade and over time has become one of my favorite albums of all time. You have to listen to it to understand.",3,3,"Nov 10, 2011"
10,"This album totally changed my mind about Kanye West. Before the release of this album, I thought he was just another rapper trying to get fame and money and wasn't a true artist. However, one day I was on YouTube and I saw the Runaway video (the longest one, which features all the songs in the album) on the recommendation bar, and I decided to give it a chance. I was extremely shocked at how good he was. After that, I bought MBDTF. This album is truly one the best I've heard. It is perfectly produced, the lyrics are deep and it really reinvents the term Hip-Hop. It's a shame that this album wasn't nominated by the Grammys for Album Of The Year.",3,3,"Feb 11, 2012"
10,"One of the greatest albums of the millenium. Every song is different, yet still great. Kanye's rapping, the guest verses, production... it's all great. I really like the aggressively exciting feeling the album gives off. Lost in the World is the best song I've ever heard.",3,3,"Aug  4, 2012"
9,"Probably Kanye's best album since The College Dropout. Superb production quality, varying and eclectic styles of music mixed with self loathing, searching for the answer lyrical themes.  In this album, he is more regretful but realistic about his egomaniac attitude. He doesn't really celebrate his ego but rather saying that this is how he works but is trying hard to understand why. Kudos to West, RZA and others for putting together a collection of near flawlessly produced songs and I commend this album for being a completely different hip-hop album itself.",2,2,"Dec 15, 2010"
10,"Kanye West My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the best hip hop album in years. It is the best so far this new decade of the 10's. My opinion of Kanye is he is the most talented rapper alive. This album sh***** on the haters. Kanye crafted a masterpiece and it needs to be bought this holiday season!!! From the RZA crafted Dark Fantasy to the mind blowing Lost In The World, this album is pure fire, chaos, love and redemption. A beautiful dark twisted fantasy Kanye, you did hip hop proud!!!",2,2,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"All great artists need inspiration.  And there isn't much stronger inspiration like becoming a social pariah and consistently being deemed a problem, even if your intentions are good.  The positive side of such drama is it makes for fuel to an artist's fire.  Being one of the most talented hip-hop icons of the last decade, Kanye allowed that fuel to generate an inferno in his new CD, My Beautiful, Dark, Twisted Fantasy.  Unlike 808s and Heartbreaks where his inspiration was more of a personal loss, Kanye's new inspiration is anger, hurt, embarrassment and redemption, if not socially, then at least personally.  The production is grand, just like Kanye's ego, but also representative of the message he wants to send.  Anyone who is in tune with Kanye's work could always separate his public **** from his artistic genius.  It's impossible to be able hate this work without allowing personal feelings about Kanye or hip-hop to make its way into your criticism.  Empirically, hip-hop very rarely gets this good.  Kanye has done the best job anyone could ever hope to do when conveying intense feelings via their chosen artistic conduit.  Lyrically, of course there are elements of the hip-hop culture that those who are not fans of choose to point to and hate, such as cursing and the dreaded N word.  This is unique music, though.  From the sampling, layers of music, themes, singing and, yes, rapping, Kanye has the right ingredients to cook the tastiest stew.",2,2,"Dec 29, 2010"
10,"Loved this album and I'm glad Kayne west made another rap album. the auto tune just drove me crazy when you know Kayne can come out with something like this and i hope he keeps it coming",2,2,"Dec  2, 2010"
10,"This is the best album of the year..and maybe the best album of Decade!!great and fantastic lyrics and excellent beats!!So Kanye,You are the Best!!!!!",2,2,"Dec 12, 2010"
10,"superbe album de kanye west .really a great work  and it gives a new version of hip-hop c'est comme tout une revolucion dans le genre we needed it something new. c'est incontestablement  The Best Album Of The Year & one of The GREATEST hip-hop album ever.thank you Kanye",2,2,"Dec 13, 2010"
10,"This is really the best album that exists. It has incredible songs, like: Dark Fantasy, Power, So Apalled, Runaway, Blame Game and Lost in the World. The lyrics are awesome. They are funny and emotional. I have only compliments for 'My beautiful dark twisted fantasy'!!!. Kanye West is the best Raper in the world!",2,2,"Dec 29, 2010"
10,"This is truly my favourite album of this year. My favourite song would be Monster with Bon Iver, Jay-Z and Nicki Minaj. This is my favourite album of all-time and I would 110% recommend this to any rap fan.",2,2,"Feb 20, 2011"
10,"Kanye brings his best with this album from the beats to the lyrics he couldn't be more on point. The album gives an experience you definitely won't find listening to someone else.From beginning to end every songs a hit. You feel that the album is perfected and not rushed in any way.A truly original album that doesn't get boring.My Beautiful Dark Fantasy is different and stands out as one of the best and most unique hip hop albums of all time, even if you don't like him you gotta love his music and hand it to him for such a great release.",2,2,"Jan  2, 2011"
9,"Without a doubt the best album to be released this year. It's good from start to finish and it's a shining example of what current rap music should sound like. It's bold and daring, using sounds that other hiphop/rap artists would be afraid to touch. But Kanye is, and always has been ahead of the pack.",2,2,"Jan 16, 2011"
10,"Kanye Wests new album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is one of the greatest albums ever. Especially for the hip-hop genre this album is important. 14 fantastic songs, i dont know which is best, impossible to say. Kanye really shows hes a fantastic artist. If you miss this album, youre missing the 00s best one!",2,2,"Jan 15, 2011"
10,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the greatest album ever, no joke, this is a work of pure genius, except for a couple songs this is a great album. truly genius",2,2,"Apr 25, 2011"
10,"Mr. West is surely taking his music to the next level. He is clearly developing as an artist and after his latest album ( that confused a lot of his fans I admit) he has stepped up og grew a pair of balls! MASTERPIECE",2,2,"Feb  7, 2011"
10,"Brilliance, insanity, &  virtuosity condensed in 13 gripping tracks.. By far the best rap / hip hop album of the past decade.  The lyrics are clever, the production is off the charts. If you love music you'll fall in love with this album.",2,2,"Feb 17, 2011"
10,"Kanye shows is true genius here -- more than just displaying a mastery of a genre, this album is full of innovation and surprises.  He's absolutely at the peak of his game, and I hope he can continue to produce at this level for years to come.",2,2,"Feb 23, 2011"
10,"to the people saying this cd has 'rude lyrics' or is offensive, shut the hell up. next time kanye starts writing a cd, email him and maybe he'll make a cd that solely fits your beliefs and fit your acceptable standards. on this album he does not give a **** about anything and anyone, which is what makes this cd awesome. by far one the greatest rap albums ever. he isnt trying create an album that has complete universally, he once again writes what he wants. his lyrics are incredible and so are his beats. this is one of the most in your face records ever and if you dont like that then you can go buy a justin bieber cd that fits the simple blueprint of a cd that contains cookie cutter lyrics that have absolutely no meaning",2,2,"Apr  4, 2011"
10,"It's rare to hear an album with such diversity such as My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. I think that's why I respect Mr. West so much, he has the guts to make an album the way he wants without any concern for how others will react. This album gets better with each track from the soft start of Dark Fantasy to the powerful end of Who Will Survive in America.",2,2,"Jul 10, 2011"
10,"As a fan of mainly punk, hardcore, and modern rock, I am always open minded to listen to all types of music and see the creativity that is unique to each artist.  The past decade I have been unhappy with most rap/hip-hop releases, and I have never found a rap album before this one that could equal the excellence of LL Cool J's 'Mama Said Knock You Out'.  I am not even a real big fan of Kanye, but I am mesmerized by the beauty and excellence he has created on this album.  The various styles that make each song unique, and the collection of guest artists were planned perfectly, and fit well with the messages he conveys in each song.  The first time I listened to this I could just feel how much of his heart he put into this collection of songs, and I was not really even paying close attention to the lyrics.  Some people may find much of the language graphic, but I feel that it actually enhances the feel and character, and is necessary to get his emotions released to the listeners.  I personally think 'Hell Of a Life' is my favorite song, followed by 'Runaway'; however, the most passionate song that demonstrates the hurt Kanye has felt at one time or another in his life as well as many listeners is 'Blame Game' - by far one of the most powerful ballads of any music genre released in the last decade.  Chris Rock is excellent in his end-of-the-song diatribe phone call, and even with that humor added, it is blended well enough to not tarnish the best song Kanye has probably ever written.  I feel this should be one of the 10 albums every music fan needs to hear before they die - even if you are not a fan of Kanye, this album deserves to be listened to because it will be a long time before another album with this type of perfection will be produced by anyone in the music industry.  Thank you so much, Kanye - you have definitely won me over into being one of your fans.",2,2,"May 11, 2011"
10,"This album is a perfect balance between the musical Kanye and the lyrical Kanye, MBDTF is Kanye's best work to date. It is not my favorite album of his, and over the years many have wondered whether he would release an album that could easily be considered as 'better than College Dropout', but I believe he has done it. I've spent almost a year with this album, and my opinions have varied,  but the genius behind these songs cannot be overlooked, please ignore other negative reviews, because it is obvious when they are flawed by hate (what albums actually get 1's and 2's?). Songs such as Gorgeous and So Appalled are filled with some of his smartest and hardest verses since Dropout. Appearances by several artists, as well as some of his best sampling, and hard hitting singles such as Power and Monster make this album a must buy for anyone who is not a close-minded music listener. There are two gems in this album however, which stand out to me the most, Runaway and Lost in the World. At first, they were not my favorite, but as I continued to listen to the album, those two songs came out and really spoke to me. I think anyone can love this album.",2,2,"Aug  3, 2011"
10,"One of the best all around albums I have ever heard! Lots of creativity going on here!! The album has a great concept that will make it hard for other rap artist to compete with!",2,2,"Aug 30, 2011"
10,"Best album of the decade, too soon? Absolutely not!  All tracks are given such work and passion.  The one problem though with this album is that it is always sad, will we ever hear any of the hilarious tracks from Yeezy like Gold Digger or the skits that he has done in the past?  Hopefully no, but we'll never know until we see a new album on his facebook or wikipedia. Rating the tracks: 1. Dark Fantasy 9/10 2. Gorgeous 8/10 3. POWER 8/10 4. All of the Lights (Interlude) 8/10 5. All of the Lights 7.5/10 6. Monster 10/10 7. So Appalled 8.5/10 8. Devil in a New Dress 8/10 9. Runaway 10/10 (Best Track of the Album) 10. Hell of a Life 8/10 11. Blame Game 9.5/10 12. Lost in this World 10/10 (Tied with Runaway for me) 13. Who Will Survive in America 9.5/10 No one will Yeezy, no one will",2,2,"Oct 25, 2011"
10,"The best album of the past decade. Mr. West always comes through with music that will make you think intricately about what runs through his Beautiful, Dark, and Twisted fantasy.",2,2,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"Epic! West was able to incorporate your wounded soul in each one of these songs. Recovery really fancy, after all this pretentious Rapper lived. Unmissable and engaging!",2,2,"Jan 28, 2012"
9,"This album is dope- Sooooo good.  Lush with sound.  Beats that shake your chest.  Turns of verse that make you laugh and shed a tear at the same time.  It's all here if you like like the enormous sound to go along with the enormous ego/star power Kanye possesses.   He's the next MJ- don't deny it haters.  Yeah I'm talking to you clowns that scored this album a zero just because you don't like Kanye and/or his type of music.  Then why are you going out of your way to push your negativity on people?  Silly hatin' clowns.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"If there was ever a definition of a 'modern day classic' this would be it. If you don't own this album then you must buy it now. Kanye West bares his soul in an album so bold it will never get old. I come from a guitar based background but this album is extraordinary.",1,1,"Nov  1, 2012"
9,"I'm not the biggest Kanye West fan but this album is the best thing I've heard in ages. It's very complex and creative with the lyrics and the music and it kept me fully engrossed from start to finish on a long train journey. Sometimes artists are just on fire and ooze creativity and for some reason this has happened to Kanye West when he made this album. There are no club bangers or breakfast radio tunes on here, its deeper than that and I commend him for not taking the lazy route.",1,1,"Dec 10, 2010"
10,"It's hard to know where to start talking about a record like this in all honesty. Never before have I heard an album that combines so much ambition, creativity, genius, hubris and darkness with so much skill, restraint and care to prevent it from collapsing under its own weight. Albums like this should implode, become disasters, and exist as nothing but unfinished, shelved projects that live among public myths as rubble, wreckage and hopes of what might have been. But this is Kanye West, and this is My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.
Kanye never loses control of the ambition, or the creation or the experimentation. He creates a level all of his own in this respect despite having so many guest producers, collaborators, range of song styles and song writers. To putt it simply, Kanyes ability to be so incredibly introspective and self-aware keeps his 2010 release interesting right up until the last note. In this case, Kanye is the man stood on the side of the street juggling knives, bowling balls and pieces of fruit while others stand and wait for him to drop everything. But his character, ego and personality shine through and manifest themselves through sampling artistry, a grasp of a range of atmosphere that hasn't been mirrored since its 2010 release and an effective ear for pop and hip-hop's most positive traits.
Thanks, Kanye. I'll let you finish.",1,1,"May  5, 2013"
9,"Even though I hate Kanye as a person and dislike rap in general, I can't give this album any worse a score just because it's such interesting, well-made and compelling music. Contrasting the most breathtaking highs with the most crushing lows, exploring the limits of his mind and soul, with My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Kanye shows how powerful and thoughtful music can be - and it's very difficult to not love him for it.",1,1,"Dec  5, 2010"
10,"Amazing. KanYes 5th studio album is near perfection. Once again he has evolved as an artist, keeping his songs fresh and new compared to his previous work. This is a classic, and definitely one of the greatest rap albums created.",1,1,"Aug 17, 2011"
10,"Beautiful, the perfect mix of Kanye's rapping and his exquisite taste in music. Absolutely the best album he's made to date, the perfect recovery from 808s and his recent history. Kanye's back, and he's rewritten the rules of rap once again!",1,1,"Nov 28, 2010"
10,"Talyor Swift fans out in full force.Kanye Snatches mics and still gets 90+ metacritic scores",1,1,"Nov 29, 2010"
10,"I'm sure I don't have much to say that hasn't already been said.  This album is a fantastic voyage, I love getting lost in it every day on my way to work.  Particularly the first 7 tracks.  The only thing that urkt me is Jay-Z didn't exactly attempt to bring his A game but hey, he's **** Jay-Z so he doesn't have to.  Nikki was incredible on Monster and if you haven't seen the short film that accompanies the album, stop what you're doing and go watch it.  It's an accomplishment.  Congrats Mr. West.  Instant Classic.  You can do whatever the hell you want now, this is your Sgt. Pepper.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"Simply put, in 2010, no one did pop music better than Kanye West. This record, along with the Gorillaz 'Plastic Beach', pushed collaborative and pop music as a whole forward. which is really what you want. Nothing is more boring and off-putting than complacency. Justin Vernon's contributions, while subtle on tracks not named 'Lost in the World', are great. Nicki Minaj murders tracks, and does exactly that on 'Monster'. The album is fantastic front to back.  Kanye goes for it all on this album, and it works in the best way possible.",1,1,"Dec  2, 2010"
10,"I would give this album lower than a 10 if it weren't worth the grade. The impressive production and the ability Kanye uses is uncanny and almost too real to not receive the grade. The people who fret on the vulgar language and the ego should not judge the album based on those things as they are. Judge the album based on what those words are used with to create the album. This album looks into the psyche that comprises the most egotistical and bizarre pop culture figures in years. Kanye pushes boundaries with his proper use of autotune and his impressive list of back up vocalists and guest stars. He uses everything perfectly, granted a little too much, but that's Kanye, he is exuberant to another level. He defines a generation on his own with this material. If you don't believe me, just give the album a listen; it might not seem like much, but after its over you'll want more.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2010"
10,"Magnum Opus.  I've been following Kanye West before he released his first album.  Every one of his last four albums has been phenomenal but this album has taken things to the next level.  Gonna be difficult to top this one.  ALBUM OF THE YEAR",1,1,"Dec 13, 2010"
9,"The more I want to hate Kanye (and as a person, I do), the more I'm disappointed that I actually liked 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.' Not sure all the hype is warranted, but track after track, the album is nothing if not solid. Any of these tracks would do well on the radio but hold their own with music snobs alike. Not surprising, really, this album is a natural progression for me from his previous works - albeit bigger, and more exciting.",1,1,"Jan 10, 2011"
9,"Kanye is a completely unapologetic a-hole. Let us get that out of the way first. This is admittedly a somewhat reactionary review directed at those who claim that the album is revolutionary because Kanye admits he is at fault and loathes himself. Well, that's quite a misleading summation by many reviewers who wanted to find a concrete reason to give it a perfect score, and really not suited at all to this album, only one element of the song Runaway. The rest of the album is a dark, unapologetically twisted fantasy, as far removed from the tone of Eminem's more therapeutic Recovery as possible because, while Eminem tried to work through everything that was going down in his life, Kanye does nothing to attempt to mitigate his gargantuan ego. Instead, he celebrates it and directs his uniquely self-centered but honest personality at various aspects of what is, well, his fantasy. God only knows how you can shrink-wrap Kanye's mind into one You can try to toss various intelligent phrases into the blogosphere to sum up the album if you really feel like it, but you won't find one because it's quite sprawling in every way. It is a discussion of the excesses of being a celebrity, sure. It's also Kanye just doing what he does best, bragging. It's also Kanye making such outlandish claims and statements that nothing he says could be taken as anything but fantasy. So really, it can be summed up as Kanye spitting out his creative music visions of what goes on in his head, and, knowing him, it's probably an honest vision.You've heard enough about the music, but it is important to address anyway. The beats get repetitive because of the song lengths, but this isn't too much of a problem because different twists are thrown in to make it interesting. The quality of the music is unbelievable, as full orchestras are wrangled together to make a boisterous, complex, and flamboyant sound that really does transcend genres of music.Love him or hate him, his music is more carefully crafted and thought-provoking than most. I think he's a fascinatingly distasteful man, as are most images projected by this album. But whatever other distastefulness goes on in his life, this album harnesses the distastefulness into great music, and oddly 50 years after Bob Dylan came on the scene introspective music is still underappreciated and under-represented on the pop scene. Well, Kanye's oblique method of introspection consists of projecting every image of debauchery, excess, and egoism running through his mind's picture reel. And at the risk of inflating his ego too much, I do believe he has 21st century pop stardom pretty well pegged. God knows we've heard enough linguistically creative but utterly negative, nihilistic, 'realistic' rap and hip hop to want something more creative, different, and INTERESTING. Well, hip hop fans, here it is. Pop fans, you might want to check it out too if you don't mind cussing.",1,1,"Jan  5, 2011"
10,"A revolutionary Album, maybe his 808s & Heartbreak Album wasn't great but it only shows that it was practice for 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.'-This will be an album to remember.",1,1,"Jan 18, 2011"
10,"This album is the climax of Kayne's production career at this point. The beautiful use of samples without heavy dependence is what lacked in his previous works. Kayne's emotions are well at work in most of the tracks giving them a sense of relate ability. Gorgeous and So Appalled are standout tracks lyrically, with All of the Lights and Lost in the World being the best productions and show great creativity.",1,1,"Mar 10, 2011"
10,"What can I say... my masterpiece. I worked hard and gave you this classic. Thanks for the respect... I deserve it!!! HATERS: RUNAWAY FAST AS YOUUU CANNN",1,1,"Mar 19, 2011"
10,"In a musical landscape full of repetition, silence behind smiles because you don't really feel it...the best thing I can say about this album is that you FEEL it.  Kanye sounds possessed on this album--very close to a live show.  Some 'compliment' a band or artist when they play live by saying they sound like they do on record.  In my opinion, it's the opposite--artists should strive to sound on record like they do live.  On a record, you miss the emotion--the raw power that drives the song.  Very few artists have that power, and even fewer albums do.  This is one of those albums, and it's present on nearly every track.  It is...indescribably good.  Buy this album.",1,1,"May  2, 2011"
10,"This album is just amazing! Each and every song is great and only downside in my opinion is that Runaway has a long part at the end were nothing much is happening but slightly annoying noise.",1,1,"Apr 26, 2011"
10,"A fantastic album! Kanye shows his skills lyrically, emotionally, and shows where he is mentally. Luckily, he is in a good place. Even after a year of being out, I still play this often. Truly well done!",1,1,"Aug 10, 2011"
10,"A staggering work of musical genius. A 75-plus minute jaunt through the inner thoughts and passions of a man ravaged by (much-publicized) tragedy. West does not pander to anyone's taste but his own, and the result is something so grandiose, gaudy and good that it practically demands to be identified as a masterpiece. A magnum opus that lives up to its title as West's 'Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'.",1,1,"Feb 27, 2012"
7,"Neyo proves he is the true gentleman and one of today's hottest icons of R&B. From the melodies of each song, to Neyo's sweet and sexy vocals, Ne-Yo has made another album that is worth while. The album lacks a sense of major originality, leading me to believe that regardless of the fact that it's a concept album, in it's entirety, the flare isn't as noticeable.",1,1,"Nov 22, 2010"
4,"I really dont understand how this album can get above a 5. I wasnt impressed with the album, Ne-yo has definitely done much better. I may listen to one or two tracks on the album but definitely not from start to finish. Next album needs to be considerably better than this.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2010"
6,"No. I Expected something better listening to Beautiful Monster.I didn't enjoyed this album. By the way i recognize that Ne-Yo is a real artist. I hope for something better the next time",1,1,"Jan  7, 2011"
9,"Ne-Yo is definitely experimenting with a new sound on 'Libra Scale', but his attempt is successful. With production help from Chuck Harmony, Ryan Leslie, D. DoRohn Gough, etc, Ne-Yo presented a sexy sound. The album presents itself as an album for those living the fancy nightlife, those living the 'Champagne Life'",0,1,"Nov 23, 2010"
8,"As DoctorKilla said, this is definitely an experimental album.  The whole point of it is for each song to work almost like a sequence to tell a story.  And Ne-Yo definitely achieved this.  His goal was to make this track thought engaging, and in that front I think he succeeded.  Pros: There are plenty of fantastic songs in this album that continue to show off Ne-Yo's talent as a singer and songwriter.  My personal favourites are 'Champagne Life', 'One in A Million', 'Telekinesis' and 'What Have I Done'.  They're either electrifying, emotional or a careful mixture of both.  Cons: Unfortunately, a couple of the songs are a bit of a let down and I think it was because of the fact that he was trying to be experimental.  Songs like 'Cause I Said So' to me were kind of lacking, especially compared to songs from his other albums like Year of the Gentlemen.  Also, it's a shame there are only 10 songs.  I feel that the story could've been conveyed more if there were a few more songs.  But overall, this is a triumph for Ne-Yo.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2011"
8,"The album is somewhat experimental, Ne-Yo has added versatility to his original limited topic range. Vocally, it isn't an improvement, but it certainly does fit together well.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2010"
7,"Good effort from Neyo. i didn't this it was as great as his previous albums but still very enjoyable and a great album and worth listening to for any r&b fans. This albums stand out tracks are also the 2 singles beautiful monster and one in a million which are both great songs.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2010"
6,"this album isn't too good, i am disappointed from this album, it has 3 good songs in 10 tracks, 'One in a Million', a beautiful R&B track, 'Cause I Said So', a europop track that has the MJ vibe, and 'Beautiful Monster', a lovely dance track. The others aren't good, and some tracks like 'Telekinesis' and 'Makin' a Movie' are very bad. This album isn't bad, but it's also distant to be a good album",0,0,"Jan  7, 2016"
9,"Track By Track- Cannibal- so fresh and stuff, so electronically cool, album highlight, We R Who We R- Cool. absolutely amazing, i really like it, Sleazy- she shows off her rapping skills in this weirdo electro-hop track, Blow- repetitive and cool, super nice and i'm officially in love with it, The Harold Song- her best ballad ever, it is very sentimental and nice, Crazy Beautiful Life- nice and short quality pop music, i like it, Grow a Pear- naughty but nice dance-pop track that is pretty amazing,  C U Next Tuesday- i absolutely love it! Album Highlight, Animal- this remix maybe unnecessary but it is awesome, cute ballad, dancey sort of song. Best Tracks- Cannibal, C U Next Tuesday, We R Who We R, Crazy Beautiful Life",3,3,"Jul 29, 2011"
9,"Listening to dollar-sign-girl is pure dance pop addiction. In her latest EP and major release, the drunk gal proved to be a rising dance artist with creatively nasty lyrics and poppy production excess that make sense. Though her heart is in the clubs, her music is all the more enjoyable and (rare in the pop music landscape, believe it or not) in focus.",2,2,"Jun  2, 2011"
6,"True to her last album, Ke$ha continues to produce anthemic party themed songs with a tendency to represent for all the independent women who want to get their drink on and pimp the guys who are eyeing them from the end of the bar.  The album guarantees to produce a couple mainstream singles good for dancing at a party and contains politically incorrect lyrics to save her reputation as the 'say what I want bad-girl of the party'.  If your looking for a song to bump while pregaming with your girls, look no further...",1,1,"Dec  1, 2010"
6,"I loved 'Animal' album, although, as I mentioned on its critic, it's guilty pleasure, but, I don't know... As I said, don't try too hard in finding clever in this. Still, there are some good songs in it. 'Canibal' is the best. Funny song, and it should be a club banger soon. But, the other songs are just average. The next single should be 'Blow' though, good song on the radio.",1,1,"Dec 12, 2010"
8,"Ke$ha, again 'Blows' our minds away with a collection of 9 new songs, however, some songs aren't as solid as anticipated, however, a majority of the whole album is addictive! The thing about the dear album Cannibal, is that it gurantees not one boring song, something that most pop artists offer in their nowadays albums, however some songs, again, aren't solid. Though the auto-tuned voice in many of her songs never get old, it sounds like she's evolved from Animal into a brand new voice range, for example clearly auto-tuned 'Your Love Is My Drug' vs all natural 'Sleazy'. However, many of the songs are too repetitive. Example: Sleazy. After hearing 'IMMA GET SLEAZY' for just about 50 times, it gets a bit old, however it is still a jolly-good time to listen to it! I do recommend this record, however, not for all ages. Grow A Pear is very... sensual. Hahaha. You'll have to listen to the album yourself.
Tracks you HAVE TO LISTEN TO: Crazy Beautiful Life,  We R Who We R, The Harold Song, and Grow A Pear.",1,1,"Jan  3, 2011"
7,"When budding Kesha Sebert first arrived on the scene back in late 2009, she was perceived as an autotuned drunk who brushes her teeth with a whiskey bottle. Continuing on to early 2010, when she released her debut album, Animal, Kesha continued to discuss the likes of drinking, partying, and even associating everyday things with drinking (ex: Hungover). Now continuing on the footsteps of Animal, Cannibal, keeps the electropop going with more variety and flavor. With 'Grow A Pear' (which sounds like something out of an old Nintendo game), is filled with vulgarity and infatuation with a boy who has a more feminine side than most boys. Likeable, yet laughable lyrics (...and no, I don't want to see your mangina). 'Grow A Pear' is for the ones who like a couple of laughs. Continuing with the trend of self-empowerment songs, 'We R Who We R' continues in the footsteps of Katy Perry and Lady Gaga with lyrics discussing being who you want to be. Though catchy towards the younger crowd, the older crowd would not be pleased with this song, considering the repetitious syllables (DJ turn it up up up up...) which even for teens can get annoying for a while (was that really necessary Kesha?) Though the songs are catchy, Cannibal is not worthy of becoming a Grammy winning album. This album is more humorous than serious and at times the autotune and synths get a little annoying after a while. But for the most part, Kesha continues to be a front runner in nightclubs and is popular among the dance crowd as well as teenage America.",1,1,"Apr  4, 2011"
7,"Though you'll feel your IQ drop with every song you hear (from its poor grammar to its poorly named tracks like 'C U Next Tuesday'), Cannibal is a handsomely produced and fun-filled album, packed with unapologetically blunt lyrics and glossy dance beats. Though its still heavily flooded with Auto Tune, there is actually some significant proof here that Ke$ha, is in fact, artist material. Its standout track is 'The Harold Song', a power ballad that is shockingly deep and proves that Ke$ha can settle down from her feisty persona here and there. However, its weakest tracks are 'Crazy Beautiful Life', a decent, but disappointingly dull dance track, and 'Grow A Pear', which could feel at home on Katy Perry's debut album.",1,1,"May 31, 2011"
8,"I'm going to guess that the majority of people giving this EP zeros have never actually listened to the it save for its two singles. The fact of the matter is that Ke$ha's Cannibal is far superior to her debut, Animal. It's much more well-written and songs like 'The Harold Song' and even 'We R Who We R' delve past her ditzy partygirl faux persona. We R Who We R was written as a response to the gay teen suicides and, unlike Lady Gaga's 'Born This Way', it doesn't seem like a forced gay anthem. Ke$ha does absolutely have vocal talent, it's just not frequently showcased, but hints of her abilities can be heard on The Harold Song. Many criticize her use of AutoTune, but let's face it, this is a party record and heavily processed vocals just sound better on the dancefloor.",1,1,"Apr  2, 2012"
7,"The Cannibal EP acts as a refinement rather than a successor to Ke-dollar sign-ha's 2010 debut Animal. Disappointingly, her overuse of Auto-Tune and vocoders are one of the common criticisms as well as its Animal-mimicking top 40 tunes -- 'We R Who We R' could surpass as a gay pride remix of 'TiK ToK'. But producer Dr. Luke and accompanying producers such as Ammo, Benny Blanco, and Max Martin help the '10s' most polarizing pop star serve her 'animals' even more of her sassy rhymes ('I don't mean to critique on your seduction technique/But your money's not impressing me, it's kinda weak') and electronic whirlwind of backstabbing boyfriends via catchy earworm hooks ('When you grow a pear, you can call me back').
The highlights of the EP are actually her most exploratory: 'The Harold Song' has a heartwrenching that could make metalheads wave their lighters and 'C U Next Tuesday' turns the concept of falling in love with a friend-with-benefits into a catchy '80s vintage synthpop tune. Kesha has grown up a lot since her 'drink-until-you-love-yourself' days, attending rehab in early 2014 for an eating disorder, so maybe she'll dump Dr. Luke for a producer that has an interest in who Kesha Sebert truly is beneath all the electronic gloss. If you haven't checked out her cover of Dolly Parton's 'Old Flames Can't Hold a Candle to You', which her mother co-wrote, she's actually a very, very beautiful singer. Let's take her out of guilty pleasure territory and show more of that raw talent.",1,1,"Aug 10, 2014"
9,"It is a shame that 'Cannibal' was an EP, because it had lots of potential. The best songs are 'Cannibal', 'The Harold Song', and   'C U Next Tuesday'.",1,1,"Aug 15, 2013"
9,"One of the best EPs I've ever heard, was worth an entire album, all his songs can be good and you do not get tired of hearing it
Highlights: Sleazy and The Harold Song
Lows: CU Next Tuesday and Crazy Beautiful Life",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Ke$ha really did an aazing job on her EP.  I myself am a huge fan and this was a very inticipated album for me.  Ke$ha's intoxicating synths, and funky lyrics really have you dancing.  She also has a softer side.  'The Harold Song' is about how she misses someone who was sopecial in her ife.  Overall, a really really really awesome album!",2,3,"Nov 30, 2010"
8,"Even If 'C U Next Tuesday' was already released before 'Cannibal' she still knows how to deliver strong records like 'We R Who We R' which is my favorite track on that album, 'Sleazy' where she gives a rapping style dance vibe, 'Grow A Pear' which delivers humor and a nice dance beat, 'and 'Blow' which has already broke into the billboard charts is a must-hear! All in all a great album released by Ke$ha.",2,3,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"Now we all know that Ke$ha is your Marmite singer...you either love her or hate her. I LOVE HER! she is a musician/lyricist genius, she has set the bars up another level with Cannibal...every track is just infectious as the next one and contains some hilarious lyrics like 'Now that I'm famous, your up my anus!'..pure brilliance. The track 'Cannibal' is my favourite.",2,3,"Dec  3, 2010"
7,"Ke$ha's annoying & repulsive, but sweet personality & style of songwriting has led her to make an actually decent, average pop album. Her last album 'Animal', was immature & obnoxious, with about two strong points. And, the fact that that was a debut album gives no excuse for such immaturity, considering the fact that this new album 'Cannibal' is out less than a year later, & in the same year. As usual for the hyper valley girl, the ballads (The Harold Song, Animal) are the strongest points. 'We R Who We R' is also another strong point with unique lyrics & a catchy hook. I will never be able to get by someone with a dollar sign in their name, but Ke$ha has actually made a decent album. Props!",5,8,"Nov 25, 2010"
2,"Proof that just because it's on the radio or teenagers are buying it, doesn't mean it's good. She's proof that all you need is a producer and mindless people with money to spend. This album is no exception. Rhyming 'sleazy' with 'easy' and other lazy songwriting, along with her computer generated voice leads to you wonder how she got a record deal in the first place. She represents the worst of pop music. Avoid this sludge.",8,16,"Nov 22, 2010"
0,"Wow ! Another scrap from Kesha.  It's so nice to know that really good artists don't get money because the majority of the people listen to bad music. Kesha sucks",8,16,"Nov 22, 2010"
0,"To think 'We R Who We R' is Ke$ha's version of a FTW message lets you know the quality of the EP. Another garage album for a garbage pop artist with materialism presented in a materialistic manner and no real thought put into this whatsoever.",7,14,"Nov 22, 2010"
8,"This album was just like the other Ke$ha album. It mix with a lot of sloppy hooks that catch out attention. We can't stop singing her songs because her songs are so catchy. Even though Ke$ha isn't a good singer or song writer she find a way to get it done. I like this album it has nice beats with catchy songs that everybody will be singing. Once again Ke$ha made a hit album. Even though I say wasn't going listen to her anymore . I cont. to listen to her.",3,6,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"IIIIII LLLLOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE KKKKKKEEEEEE$$$$$$$$$HHHHHHAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CCCAAANNNIIIBBBAAALLL FTW!!! This EP is amazing. Non stop dancing :P",1,2,"Apr  4, 2011"
8,"Ok, so Ke$ha is like a guilty pleasure. Strictly speaking about the album, I love it. The tracks make me laugh, smile, and want to move. What's better than that? 'Cannibal', 'Blow' and 'Sleazy' are great tracks to party to, along with her first single 'We R Who We R'; to name a few. 'Grow A Pair' makes me laugh and is not that bad as well.",1,2,"Jan  4, 2011"
10,"I Thought I Liked Animal...I LOVE Cannibal Ever More!
Some Of The Best Tracks Are We R We R, Cannibal, Blow & Grow A Pear The Worst Song By Far Is Slezy.. Its Not Bad... Its Just Not The Best Son.. I Still LOVE K$!",1,2,"Oct  7, 2011"
10,"She is who she is, and I love her for it! She knows what she wants, and she can adequately portray it to her fanbase. All in all, she knows how to make a great pop record, and I look forward to her future matierla.",1,2,"Oct 21, 2011"
10,"What an absolutely intellectual record. Kesha- sorry- Ke$ha has put together possibly the most mind-blowingly intriguing albums of the entire year. Her sound is so unique, and her dirty whore image just makes me want to say 'Man, this is an album I want to buy'. If her incredible innovations in the music industry do not blow you away, I don't know what will. If you give this album anything less than an 11, you are a dirty rotten homophobe who hates music.",9,19,"Nov 22, 2010"
0,"I can't believe people are trying to say Kesha is who she is. She is so desperate for attention and has absolutely nothing to back it up. No creativity, no vocal skills and borderline offensive lyrics in her crappy over auto tuned music.",8,17,"Nov 22, 2010"
0,"This is worse than Animal, and Animal was really really really really BAD. When will her 15 mins be up? Her songs always make me cringe when they come on the radio.",6,13,"Nov 23, 2010"
2,"intellectual? Ground Breaking? Hardly.  Her stupid spoiled slut routine is amusing for a moment, but the music, or electric noise or whatever those beats are supposed to sound like are garbage. her 'rhymes' are even worse, usually they dont even rhyme and rarely make sense.  There is no talent, effort, or heart in any of these songs",6,13,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"'Cannibal', the second album released by pop sensation Ke$ha, follows the footsteps of Lady GaGa's 'The Fame Monster', as a promotional trick to live up the first album's, 'Animal's' sales. Though it was met to mixed or average scores and criticism, this album or extended play is a big step ahead from 'Animal', of course excluding 'TiK ToK'', 'Take It Off' and 'Dancing with Tears in My Eyes', which are masterpieces in all ways. Here's my rating for each song:
1. 'Cannibal' - 10/10 - Fully deserves to be the album's title. Very nice.
2. 'We R Who We R' - 10/10 - Lyrics fit great, the song itself is another megahit after 'TiK ToK'.
3. 'Sleazy' - 10/10 - The beat is sick, so are her rapping and singing.
4. 'Blow' - 10/10 - One of the best, sounds like 'Take It Off, Part 2'.
5. 'The Harold Song' - 9,7/10 - Lyrics are great, but the track is too similar to 'Blind' from her own 'Animal' set.
6. 'Crazy Beautiful Life' - 8,2/10 - Sounds like a mid-2006 hit, would be popular then, not the best though.
7. 'Grow a Pear' - 10/10 - So far the extended play's best.
8. 'C U Next Tuesday' - 7,9/10 - Just sweet, nothing more.
9. 'Animal (Billboard Remix)' - 10/10 - You best believe me, it is great! Good job, Billboard!
Overall this is a super EP and I'm against people, who say Ke$ha's fake. Yes, she's a pure auto-tune, but, after all, the next century is sure to have more than a bit of auto-tune. Congrats, K$!",5,11,"Nov 25, 2010"
9,"'If you like to enjoy your life, you will like this record. It's for people who are alive and happy.' - Ke$haI would say this pretty much sums it up.",5,11,"Nov 23, 2010"
1,"Please, America, please knock some sense into yourselves. What happened to good lyrics? Natural vocals? This is not Kesha. This is a computer singing her terrible lyrics. She - as well as other generic pop stars - seem to be trying their best to imitate the only decent pop singer today: Lady Gaga. Kesha is innovative, I'll give you that - she's shown us all that you don't need talent to make it big these days: you just need nice voice editing software and you're good to go.",4,9,"Nov 25, 2010"
9,"Ke$ha's new EP 'Cannibal' is better than her debt CD. There is a minimal use of autotune and vocoders. Her song remain as catchy as first without 'Trying too Hard.' Her new EP shows no false brattiness and stupidity. 'Cannibal' the title-track is a standout because it has a new and refreshing sound. 'We R Who We R' is the album's catchiest yet carefree song. 'Sleazy' musically and lyrically standout of all her songs. The EP is incredibly, irresistibly catchy among all 2010 releases.",2,5,"Nov 26, 2010"
3,"Thanks to Dr. Luke, any talentless white trash skank can now become a 'singer.' These are sad days for pop music and music in general. For this to be called 'music' and 'singing' is blasphemy!",2,5,"Mar 31, 2011"
2,"Tripe. Complete and utter tripe.",3,8,"May 26, 2011"
2,"Embarrassing and disappointing. Animal was a guilty pleasure, admittedly not a very good one. Even Ke$ha fans will question their loyalty after hearing this follow-up. It's not very catchy, it's somewhat offensive, and it simply sounds bad. The offensiveness of the album stem from Ke$ha's undeserving ego and her constant contradictions.",2,6,"Nov 30, 2010"
2,"Overall, Ke$ha's 'Cannibal' EP is just another reborn 'Animal'. Lyrics are trashy, songs ARE catchy, and overuse of Auto-Tune... again. Credit to the catchy songs, but overall, Ke$ha just proves yet again that she has no vocal talent, but her ballets are standout tracks.",1,3,"Feb  4, 2011"
0,"Too bad that the film 'Idiocracy' was made prior to this album's release.  The audio-visual combination would have been glorious.  I could even see Ke$ha herself playing the Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts in it.  Ah well, maybe a sequel will happen one day.  This is the musical equivalent of McDonald's ... after it's been digested and expelled.",1,4,"Nov 30, 2010"
2,"First of all, Ke$ha should be very thankful for auto-tune, because she would have no career (if that's even what you should call it) with out it. If the song isn't just showing off how conceited she is, it's saying something about a DJ, glitter, and getting wasted.  With the same effects making her voice sound like a robot, and practically identical lyrics, most of her songs aren't even that easy to tell apart. I think Miss Ke$ha is on her 14th minute of fame.",1,4,"Feb 27, 2011"
10,"Kesha keeps getting better. You may complain her lyrics are vain and stupid all you want but thats exactly what she is trying to be. Shes not pretending to be someone she isnt, she is who she is. Her music is made exactly what it is for, expression and fun, its to get lost in the beat. Hate her all you want but with 5 straight top 10 hits her work speaks for itself.",2,9,"Nov 22, 2010"
7,"As pop music goes these days, Ke$ha has definitely has shown some improvement from her previous debut effort, 'Animal'. Brilliantly named 'Cannibal' has sick club bangers and still keeping listeners entertained with her slightly auto-tuned vocals and pop-rap style that keeps every young listener up and jumping. 'We R Who We R' is the highlight of the EP, as well as the EP's self titled song 'Cannibal' that could be the funniest LOL pop song in years.",2,9,"Nov 22, 2010"
8,"When going in to listen to Ke$ha, don't expect a masterpiece. Because it's not meant to be. It's supposed to be dirty and destroyed and falling apart. But because of that it's partially how it gets it's charm. It's not meant to be dissected and thought provoking. It's simply meant for fun. It's a dance album and Ke$ha does her job - you WILL be dancing. The songs are catchy, there's good production, and personally I have no major complaints about it. It's one of my favorite records of the year. Sometimes you just need a CD to party to and this one does the job.",0,1,"Feb 15, 2011"
5,"Ke$ha- Cannibal	American Pop singer songwriter, Ke$ha, had her breakthrough in 2009 at the age of 22. Her first appearance was with Flo-Rida in the song",0,2,"Feb 23, 2011"
3,"Are people still talking about this person? Is she not washed away into obscurity yet? I thought that was the thing with pop artists, they have one decent, or in this case, terrible single and then everyone forgets them.  It's surprises the crap out of me when people actually like this trashy excuse of an artist. The singing is terrible, it's heavily auto-tuned, the lyrics are lazy and I don't give a damn about them. Not to mention atrocious spelling in song titles, like 'We R Who We R'. Yeah I know it's meant to be that way, but honestly, to me, it just looks bad, and put's more emphasis on the fact that she's as dumb as a brick, which people say is all just a stage thing, like it's a character that she made, and it's supposed to be a sort of satire. I'm sorry but if it's satire, shouldn't the songs actually contain a sort of satire? It seems to me like it's a sad excuse for **** pop music. But anyways I digress. I suppose the only thing anyone can really say about it, is that it's catchy. Well, that's all well and good, but 'catchy' doesn't exactly have alot of staying power in pop music. Some pop stars need to take their 15 minutes of fame and then bow out gracefully.",0,2,"Feb 18, 2011"
0,"Sorry if I offend anybody, but if you enjoy Kesha and volentarily listen to her, then you don't know what music is. Because this woman sings like she's dying and auto-tune can't even save her. Remember back when pop wasn't all bad, when we had Madonna and Britney Spears' old songs? I'm not saying Madonna and Britney Spears are great singers, but not all of their songs are bad songs. Kesha? everything she puts out on the radio is horrid. So avoid her if you enjoy music at all. P.S., I didnt put a dollar sign in her name because she's worth less than a dollar.",0,8,"Jun 16, 2011"
5,"A definite step up from 'Animal'. 'Cannibal' at least offers something worth listening to. It is, however, by no means the best piece of work you can imagine. While only a few tracks truly shine, the entire EP is still dull. The motives of this EP are fully commercial. And that is to sell a dying hype. Where Ke$ha shows more vocal capability, it still lacks the ability to be intelligent.",0,1,"Jul 27, 2011"
4,"After her awful debut she decided to record an EP that was equally as bad. Exactly the same story - the two singles are good but the other 8 tracks are filler and all sound the same. C U next Tuseday borders on been good but that's about it. If you like ke$ha then just buy the singles and be done with - don't waste time and money buying this crap.",0,2,"Dec 11, 2011"
5,"Better than 'Animal', sure, but not good. 'We Are Who We R' is good but in this EP, like in the album, all the tracks have the same horrible and annoying sound. The biggest part of the tracks talks about glitter or parties, so there isn't a lot of substance. Better than Animal, but not good.",0,3,"Mar 25, 2012"
7,"Fun album yes. Great lyrics, no no no. There is absolutely no depth here with Ms. Ke$ha. I found it very superficial at times. It's a fun album to get wasted to, but nothing extremely amazing that Britney or even Christina couldn't do.",0,1,"Apr 26, 2012"
6,"I liked the generic pop-vibe shown in Ke$has music. In her album 'Cannibal' she doesn't show any more originally than her previous album 'Animal'. The auto-tuning she uses in her music does let me down a little therefore this contributes towards a deduction of serious points in my final score for this review. I recommend this for people that like uptempo dirty pop music.",0,1,"Dec  7, 2012"
6,"Cannibal was on my list for this week's album releases (with Pink Friday and My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy). I admit that I was a bit disappointed by this EP. The songs are okay, nothing special nothing can be qualified as bad, but except for We R Who We R, I don't think that something is very good on this album, but still, we can't say any of this EP is bad. The only reason my rate isn't higher than 6/10 is because as a whole, this album sucks. I mean, that the song doesn't quite fit together, in contrast with Animal, where all the songs sounds the same. But I have to admit that the EP title was cleverly chosen. I bought the Animal Cannibal Edition and I love how it sounds. The good songs of Cannibal are : We R Who We R, Crazy Beautiful Life, The Harold Song and I have to admit that I love the funny song named Cannibal.On the good side of the album, you have to admit that Ke$ha writes ALL of her songs, which gives her more credit for me than Rihanna who wrote absolutely nothing for Loud. Anyway. If you love Ke$ha, you'll love Cannibal. I do love Ke$ha, and I do love Cannibal, but I took an objective perspective to write this review. And I think everyone should do that, not like the haters who gives zeros instantly and the fans who are doing the same but with a ten.**UPDATE: I found it suspicious that half of the bad reviews comes from people with only Cannibal reviewed... Seriously, don't make seven incoherent reviews if your only a hater. 'This album is bad' is not a review!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2010"
6,"Let's be serious, until Ke$ha drops the dollar sign and the vocoder, she shouldn't really be critiqued on her lyrical intellect as the standpoint of an album review. The lyrics are unapologetic and banal, and it is clear that no matter her SAT Score, she is profoundly stupid (She spells Are with the letter R, and, in 'We R Who We R', commends and commands people to be who they are, before telling her male companion in, again the well spelled 'Grow A Pear', to grow some balls, and change who he is, before she'll take him seriously again).The 'Animal' extension is however, a fairly pleasing listen. If phazing out the lyrics of title track 'Cannibal', the chorus does reach anthemic heights, and is a sure-fire club stomper, with tracks 'We R Who We R' and 'Blow' following immediately in it's footsteps. 'Blow' notably takes a step into the more euphoric trance genre, with soaring vocoded vocals and stop-start style, and is a standout in doing so. Ballads 'The Harold Song' and 'Crazy Beautiful Life' show a less vocally assisted Ke$ha, and a more vulnerable one. 'The Harold Song', which contains striking similarities to 'Animal''s 'Dancing With Tears In My Eyes', proves a highlight, with a standout chorus and cold delivery. The most interesting track is 'Sleazy', a trashy, repetitive, but somehow suggestive and clever at the same time. She ditches the speak-sung nature of her usual work for straight up Rap, which is delivered poignantly and fairly well, between vocal oddities such as that after 'Beat so fat, wanna make me come... Over to your place', showing that she isn't taking her filthy image too seriously.Ultimately, this set fails to live up to it's former, and while there are 1 or 2 standouts, the EP itself is ruined by going places that lyrically are far too taboo to even be considered daring, and a vocoder supplied, same synth reliance which, at this point, feels tired.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2010"
7,"Ke$ha's debut studio album may have been simple and obnoxious, but anyone can admit that it was catchy and shown off her spicy, 'I.D.G.A.F.' personality. In stead of vanishing for another year in order to focus on a whole studio album, Ke$ha's latest Cannibal is an extended play with eight tracks that -- once again -- show off her rowdy side.While the tracks are still autotune-heavy, and maybe even sound like B-sides from her predecessor, there's a bit more ingenuity in Cannibal. The lead single, 'We R Who We R', is hardly different from her previous singles, but it's catchy enough to be a success. However, tracks such as 'Cannibal', 'Sleazy', and 'Blow' are the album's standout club tracks, with rude, but involving lyrics.Another highlight of Cannibal are its ballads, specifically 'The Harold Song', which features her unlayered vocals during the verses. The lyrics are surprisingly profound, whilst her vocals are quite relaxing as well. 'C U Next Tuesday' is auto-tune heavy, but classy as well, inspired by 80's bubblegum pop.If you're not a fan of Ke$ha's auto-tune heavy soundtrack, Animal, then there's nothing here to redeem your opinion. However, if you are a fan, then Cannibal will be a gentle step forward.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2011"
7,"This is no masterpiece but it is way better than her debut. Most songs are pretty catchy and, while Autotune is heavily relied upon, it is not as annoying as on Animal. Standout; Blow.",0,0,"May 30, 2011"
9,"After a slew of bad singles from her first album (with the exception of 'Your Love Is My Drug'), Ke$ha's second album is surprisingly well-done. Other than 'Blow', which has an annoying refrain, the album is full of energetic dance-pop, with highlights being 'Sleazy' and 'Crazy Beautiful Life'.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
8,"It's so weird but true, she has her very own style of Pop using very unique electrobeats each song has it's very own style and is not repetitive, even when sometimes the lyrics are a alittle bit goofy but well it's Ke$ha's style.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
9,"Once More Ke$ha Does It Again!
A Great Pop Dance Album! We R Who We R Is A Amazing Track!",0,0,"May 29, 2012"
9,"This EP is great, full of energy and really good overall tracks. As part of Ke$has debut album Animals re-release know as Animal/Cannibal, Cannibal can also be bought as an EP. The 2 singles from the EP We R Who We R and Blow are great, definatly highlights. Personally i think the highlights of Cannibal are We R Who We R, Crazy Beautiful Life and The Harold Song. Lyrically We R Who We R is an insperational anthem telling people to be who they are and overall an amazing song! Crazy Beautiful Life a really great song and should've been a single in my opinion! The Harold Song is a love/breakup song which is amazing! Lyrically this is the best written song on the whole album i love it! If you haven't bought/listened to this yet i advise you to!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2013"
10,"This album is too amazing. Cannibal is the masterpiece that pressed people can't get over. Sadly, their faves don't make masterpieces like this and they are jealous.The 9 bops on this album are enough to get the party wild.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2012"
7,"Not as many good songs on Cannibal as compared to Animal, but when put with Animal it makes for an OK album. The two songs picked for singles were probably the best ones. It's a fun album though with catchy Pop songs.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2013"
9,"Cannibal Is Somewhat A Better Album That Animal... In A Way....
A Amazing Album By Ke$ha!
Below Is A List Of Song Off Cannibal And A Score Out Of 10
Cannibal 10/10
We R Who We R 10/10
Slezy 5/10
Blow 10/10
The Harold Song 10/10
Crazy Beautiful Life 10/10
Grow A Pear 10/10
C U Next Tuesday 10/10",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
4,"Unlike her previous album, even autotune can't save Ke$ha this time. 'Blow,' 'The Harold Song' and 'We R Who We R' were good songs, but the rest of the album was not the best.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2013"
8,"Muuuuuuuito bom em relao a Animal,evoluo grandiosa,esquecemos at do auto tune que aparece a todo momento.
Mas Ke$ha s se sobressai a cada album.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
9,"An improvement over Animal (2009), Cannibal starts out with the track with the same name of the album, a sexy and fun track, I bet it would be a Hot Dance Clubs hit. 'We R Who We R' is another cool-sexy song that is a positive message to the Gay community. To me, 'We R Who We R' is currently Kesha's best song of her career. 'Sleazy' is another fun bop that leans RNB, 'Blow' is to me, the weakest track off the album, 'The Harold Song' is a beautiful synth-pop ballad that sounds a lot like Demi Lovato's 'Skyscraper'. 'Crazy Beautiful Life' is another fun party song, in this song Kesha tells us to live and celebrate our horrible lives. 'Grow A Pear' is a boring generic track off that sounds like she was trying Katy Perry's 'California Gurls'. 'c u next tuseday' is a cool song that a lot of more auto tune, with Alternative music influences. Cannibal closes with the Billboard Remix of 'Animal', gorgeously produced. Overall, Cannibal goes down as a great album of 2010.",0,0,"May 10, 2015"
7,"An improvement over Kesha's debut, Animal. The majority of these songs show an improvement in Kesha's lyrics, as well as more interesting production. Grade: B. Highlights: 'Cannibal', 'Crazy Beautiful Life', 'Sleazy'. Worst song: 'Grow a Pear'",0,0,"Apr  5, 2015"
10,"Superior ao Animal mesmo que mantenha a mesma linha j se percebe a evoluo de Ke$ha. Destaque para Cannibal, We R Who We R e The Harold Song. Ela poderia ter feito de Cannibal seu segundo lbum ao invs de apenas um ep, aumentando o nmero de faixas e trabalhando com mais singles, poderia ser um lbum de sucesso.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Its ashame that masterpieces like Body Talk will always remain in the background because of Robyn's modesty. Whilst people like Kesha , Lady GaGa and Katy Perry take her style and coat it with glitter , glass and candyfloss.",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"The Body Talk Series was the best thing on the Pop music scene of 2010.What i admire in Robyn is that she can put raw emotions on dance/pop songs, making true music in a genre that's not usually deep.",5,6,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"Dancefloor-diva-extraordinaire Robyn delivers the goods on this excellent album packed with her sassy signature electro-pop delights: every track is a gem! The bass & synth will delight your earholes and the always-witty lyrics will put a smile on your face. A must-own for lovers of pop- this is pure perfection that can be mixed in with the best of Brit, GaGa or Madge!",2,3,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"I am a huge fan of Robyn's last cd and did not think that she'd ever be able to duplicate the energy.  I'll probably end up liking Body Talk more than her Robyn cd.  Body Talk is an amazing listen packed with great song after great song. It's the best album of 2010 in my opinion.  You might not agree with that but cannot deny that it's the best dance/pop album of year.",2,3,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"Potentially THE album of 2010. Singles Dancing On My Own and Hang With Me are electro/pop hits with heart, You Should Know Better brilliantly hosts Snoop's smooth vocals and Stars 4 Ever and Don't **** Tell Me What to Do could kickstart any party. Love Kills and In My Eyes are other highlights of an album encrusted with hits.",1,2,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"A stomping pop-electro triumph, detailing the heartbreaking and no **** life of a lonely girl. This pop album may well be the best of the decade.",1,2,"Dec  5, 2010"
10,"None of the competitors come even close. This is the pop album of the year: fresh, powerful, emotional,  personal, contagious, fun, cybernetic body talk with a human heart.",0,1,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"The swedish diva kill this year with her perfect dancefloor music and her praised Body Talk (1,2 & 3)...i found this job better than her previous album...! The first times that i love her music is with Dancehall Queen and then knock me with Dancing On My Own...and the rest of the part 1 was perfect, then her part 2 was awful and sometimes amazing... and much of their songs are for the dancefloor!!! and now the part 3 was amazing...! the best song it's obvious the catchy Call You Girlfriend!But when you add all the parties do the best album of the year...!",0,1,"Nov 28, 2010"
10,"A great combonation of song from Body Talk pt. 1 and Body Talk pt. 2 and some new songs.   I did not purchase the album only because I already have Body talk pt. 1 and 2, but the new songs are absolutely flawless, like all of Robyn's works, She really has a gift",0,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"A real breath of fresh air and with no ego, no 'little monsters wig stock attention seeking'  crap - just straight ahead mature dancemusic that hooks you in a heartbeat ... does it matter if the masses love her ... i'd like to treasure her and keep her my little secret ... enjoy and like the lyrics of Dancehall Queen 'People all gather around rocking to the beat, the queen will be crowned' !",0,1,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"Love Body Talk pt 1 and pt 2 and this one one. Love the five extra songs she put on it. One of the best album of the year. I love every song on this album. I can party to this album all night. She is an amazing song writer and good singer. I love her singing style.",0,1,"Nov 24, 2010"
10,"Fantastic album, full of dance pop, bassy beats and smooth grove tunes, liked the 'Robyn' album but LOVE body talk, this girl is a musical genius! she deserves all music credit where given.",0,1,"Dec  3, 2010"
8,"I just discovered Robyn last year, so had some catching up to do.  Her eclectic style is not easily categorized, so vast is her musical range.  Some of her subject matter and lyrics are a bit outside the 'G' rating, but presented in such a fun and entertaining way to make you like them anyway: 'Konichi Wa Bitches'.  Don't judge Robyn by one or two songs, or even one or two albums, dig deep and you will find a gem, somewhere.  She's an original and worth a listen.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2011"
8,"Very much geared towards a girls night out. With that said, overall I think the sound is flat and monotone through both albums. Some of the beats hit really hard but get stale with mediocre lyrics. Splitting this into two albums just proves that labels are trying to squeeze every last penny out of us. 8 tracks (30 min) per album? Make it a double album for god sake!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2011"
10,"The best pop album of the year. Awesome stuff. OK I'll MAKE MY REVIEW 150 CHARACTERS LONG!! OK I'll MAKE MY REVIEW 150 CHARACTERS LONG!! OK I'll MAKE MY REVIEW 150 CHARACTERS LONG!! Happy now?",0,0,"Feb 11, 2011"
10,"As a pop record, 'Body Talk' is flawless. Robyn delivered once again after her amazing album 'Robyn'. Great songs, awesome tunes, a great voice. What can you more say about Robyn's work? It's beyond great. 'Body Talk' is one of my all time favorites. I'd like to mention some songs that i liked after first listen, like 'Don't **** tell me what to do', 'Fembot', 'Time machine', 'Get myself together'...Also, the 'Cry when you get older' is amazing, but it's not included in this album ( Body Talk Pt. 1). This album Robyn proved that she's one of the most talented artists at the moment. Her time is coming.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2011"
7,"Body Talk is a good, not great, effort. There's nothing really bad at all about here, and the music is catchy and fun. Some of the songs, however, seem to fade when trying to remember the entirety of the album. Some of the standout tracks, obviously stated by others, include 'Dancing on My own' and 'Hang With Me', which are catchy and powerhouses. There's also a little place in my heart for tracks like 'U Should Know Better' with Snoop Dog and 'Don't ****ing Tell Me What To Do', if just for their simple catchy style. The overall album is still good, high quality stuff, and fun to listen to.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2011"
10,"Clearly one of the most definitive albums of the decade. The epic pop-tunes flow into one another so easily, its hard to distinguish one stroke of genius from another, and this is certainly not a bad thing what so ever. The whole feel of the album is like nothing before. Its so futuristic and well above its time, from a woman who stands on her own, without a major record label, this is the most solid evidence to prove that she doesn't and never will need it. She is killing it all on her own. Absolutely fantastic, one to go down in history.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2010"
10,"love, love, love robyn and body talk...she's such a great artist by making music more enjoyable and delivering a great piece of art. i listened to it all day every day.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2011"
8,"Many people are signed in the music industry who have no real musical talent: Robyn is not one of those people. This album is a testament to her originality in creating superb Dance music that can sustain actual emotion and feeling, something that is often forgotten in the Dance scene. Bravo Robyn, bravo.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2011"
10,"Robyn is one of the best artist of the time and this album is the evident clue.I loved all the Body Talk series. To me, this is the best album of the year.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2011"
8,"As an avid listener of both Body Talk part 1 and 2, I can say that Robyn has definitely given her fans a delightful earful. The lyrics are catchy and memorable, the production is light, dancy fun, and Robyn's kickass Swedish personality comes through on songs like 'Dont **** Tell Me What To Do', and 'Fembot.' Any electropop lover will fawn over Robyn's 2010 album venture.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2011"
9,"Body Talk is pop at its best. While the reason why she's not enjoying worldwide domination nor having huge success remains a mystery, her purpose and direction are clear. And it's beautiful once you've heard the whole three EPs that would build up the best pop album of 2010.",0,0,"May 23, 2011"
7,"Some really good pop songs that make Katie Perry and Miley Cyrus look like kiddie pop crap. Well produced stuff that's actually memorable.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2011"
9,"As far as pop goes, it couldn't be any better. It has soul and yet it can dance, something that is very rarely seen (or heard) in pop music nowadays. But Robyn can dance herself to death and still whip the loss of a boyfriend and still make the result nice to our ears. A very good album for those of us out there who do like a bit of pop music sometimes, but are too afraid to listen to GaGa and Spears.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2011"
10,"The intelligent album of 2010, showed us that pop have substence to. With beatiful lyrics, versing about dancefloors, pain, love and hangovers, Robyn makes her sweet voice to combine perfectly with what she is singing. Pearls like 'Dancing On My Own', 'Time Machine', 'Stars 4-Ever' and 'None of Dem' make this, her greatest album, and one of the greates of 2010.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2011"
9,"I know i'm a little late in this post but I have to comment. Never cared for her earlier R&B inspired work. However, Body Talk is kinda awesome. And by awesome I mean totally sweet. A great mix of pop/electronic sounds. Been listening to it for days now. Lyrics are much better than her earlier work. Beats are better. If she keeps putting out music like this, she'll be unstoppable. Just my opinion.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2011"
10,"It's a quite good album, it's not her best work, because it think her best was her self-titled album, but Body Talk had everything to be a worldwide successful album, I don't know what is the problem with people in the U.S.A. they basically prefer listening to some overrated basic **** than listening to what it is really good music, Robyn has shown once again how she is a great producer and songwriter. It is a 10-star album.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2012"
8,"This is an amazing Dance album filled with up-tempo songs that will make you wanna dance like if there was no tomorrow. The highlights in this album are 'Dancing On My Own', 'Indestructible', 'Call Your Girlfriend' and I love 'U Should Know Better' featuring Snoop Dogg. Totally worth buying",0,0,"Feb  8, 2012"
9,"One of the greatest electropop albums ever.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2013"
8,"Klas hlund and Swedish songstress Robyn created one of the catchiest (and queerest, to be honest) dance-pop records in recent years. Even more than 3 years after its release, Body Talk continues to be one of the most timeless dance records.
'Fembots' starts the album on an overwhelmingly bubbly note, with some of the craziest sexual metaphors ever written in pop music ('I got a lot of automatic booty applications') ('Initiating slut mode'). In 'Don't F***ing Tell Me What to Do', Robyn names a list of events, objects, and persons that are apparently 'killing her', all talk-rapped over a minimalist techno rhythm. Either the four-on-the-floor female empowerment anthem 'Indestructible' or the Max Martin-produced 'Time Machine' had the chance to become two of the catchiest top 40 anthems on North American radio, if they were given the opportunity.
Robyn has an accessibly light voice that verses hlund's heavy 80s' electronic influenced melodies and beats. Hell, on 'U Should Know Better', Robyn raps next to Snoop Dogg in one of the most obscure collaborations ever dreamed up of ('Even the Vatican knows not f*** with me'). But in short, Body Talk remains as stylish and substantial as it was at the beginning of the 2000s.",0,0,"May 10, 2014"
8,"Definitivamente este disco es uno de los mejores dance, electo del 2010 robyn supero sus anteriores, sin embargo creo que tiene su punto debil en canciones synthpop como Fembot.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
10,"The compilation of 3 parts founds the best songs united here, it's an Electro-Dance iconic masterpiece filled with poisoned lyrical deep sounds and such a heartbreaking mistery background, no trinity here, the album in whole is fantastic it makes you feel like a dancefloor diva and -at the same time- a sad person full of tears. I'm delighted to hear this a few times a month, such a extraordinaire gem. Standing ovation please",0,0,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Definitely Robyn at her best! The whole record is a masterpiece and tracks like 'Dancing on my own', 'Hang with me', 'Call your girlfriend', 'In my eyes' are some of the best pop songs of the last decade!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
4,"disappointed album. Only good songs were Did it on em, Romans Revenge & Fly. Nicki could be could if she really put time into her work. She rushed this album and it became a disappointment. Nicki plz let Roman Reloded be better than this",4,4,"Feb  3, 2012"
0,"humanity, please do this for me, don't buy this irritating garbage please! it will make huma.. no the world better if you stop listening to this garbage",4,4,"Oct  8, 2013"
0,"First of all. Nicki, if you are reading this, then: you ain't the Queen of Hip-Hop, my dear. And you'll never do. Stop calling yourself the 'queen' on your songs because it sounds pathetic. Saying that you are the queen of hip-hop is as absurd as saying that Lil' Wayne is the king of hip-hop.
1  Your lyrics are HORRIBLE, TERRIBLE, CHILDISH, RETARDED, NON-SENSE.
2  You're an attention wh*re.
3  This is a POP album, and its sales were boosted due to Super Bass, a pop, childish and very radio-friendly song.
***Talking fast  rapping***",4,4,"Jan  3, 2014"
0,"What a piece of crap. Nicki Minaj is a horrible singer. I think she and JB have met once. Absolute trash. NM is also one of the bad singers that I beat up in Super Smash Bros for Wii U. Avoid this album at all costs. Buy Mario Party 9 or 10 instead of this dog poop.",4,4,"Mar 24, 2015"
0,"Ridiculous, a EDM/pop album, full of stupid songs and auto-tune, these rumors (it's not music) are f*cking horribles, how can you listen to this sh*t, WAKE UP!! And last thing, don't call this rap, because it's pop-rap/electropop. Worst songs are 'Super Bass', 'Your Love', 'Fly', 'I'm the Best' and 'Dear Old Nicki', the other songs aren't good. Maybe one of the worst albums ever made in music",3,3,"Jan  5, 2016"
0,"Minaj's music is wicked and sexy! she's the kinda artist that will make you have fun and Pink Friday is one of them!   fgnfjfnjfnjnvfjnvjfnjfvkdmdoedmkmfjjvdnvjfnjvnfvrgtgtugtuntntuntuut",2,2,"May  1, 2015"
5,"Nicki Minaj is at her peak when she was featured on Trey Songz's 'Bottoms Up' or Kanye West's 'Monster.' However, not one song on her album showcases her ferocious rapping as her features once did. In songs like 'Your Love', 'Super Bass', 'Right Thru Me', 'Blazin', and 'Check It Out', Minaj seems to live in a delusive world where she believes she can sing. Unfortunately, this should be a rap album, not a pop album. The chorus of her solo songs are really weak. In 'Blazin'', she repeats 'I fly high...I'm blazin'' 8 times per chorus, and the last minute and a half is her repeating these 6 same words over and over again. If she doesn't have the voice to sing, she should do what most other rap stars do: find someone that can or don't even try. Rihanna and Bedingfield already steal the show on the songs they are featured one, and arguably the other rap features upstage her as well. This wasn't the album we were all expecting; she goes more bubblegum pop than she should have.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2011"
4,"A couple of decent tracks with some filler. Nothing stellar, though she does lay down a nasty flow on a freestyle-ish track with Em.  Appearances by Kanye, Rihanna, Eminem, Drake, and Will I Am save the album from complete disaster",1,1,"Dec  1, 2010"
2,"Yuck. Aside from Super Bass and Moment 4 Life, this is an album of...... disgustingness to be clean (partly because I'm unsure on metacritic's policy for cursing) We have a song about sh**ing on people, a song about how shes such a bad  b*tch and well, thats about it. gross",1,1,"Nov  1, 2013"
1,"I am a longtime hater of the music industry. Niki, do us a favor, and stop rapping, its not your thing! And on that one song, get rid of the ugly ass autotune.",9,11,"Aug 12, 2011"
0,"**** Nicki, they have to step the **** up when Nas is on the mic so they don't look like the **** they are
Nicki tried to make moon boots happen...........
WHAT THE MOTHER****? They mother****ing EXIST you dumb ****",4,5,"Aug  1, 2012"
0,"It's pure filth; loud degenerate noise from start to finish.",4,5,"Nov  9, 2012"
0,"this album was dedicated to Lil' Kim.... Literally more than half the songs were about kim! this  is crazy!! the high pitch raps and meaningless flow is just a sad case, her somewhat obsession to be lil' kim is just depressing as she's a cheap knock off and executes it poorly. she should stop trying to be lil' kim and trying have some creativity cos she's straight up garbage atm lol.",4,5,"Nov 12, 2013"
0,"She's a weak, terrible rapper, the worst female rapper to ever join the female rap movement. Even with the fact that her next album is gonna flop and she's gonna disappear forever, what Nicki Minaj did to the female rap movement is totally terrible and very scary.",4,5,"Jan  3, 2014"
0,"Absolute s***! and I think Nicki Minaj and J Bieber met once. The music sucks! Please avoid it at all costs. It is a disappointing piece of crap. A pile of dog poo!",4,5,"Feb 26, 2015"
4,"This was really disappointing for me. A lot of the lines are really dumb and not nearly as witty as the ones she rapped on other people's songs. Plus she uses the hashtag style WAY TOO MUCH. These pop songs are really mediocre and if it weren't for Rihanna, Drake and Kanye West, this album would be a disaster. Drake and Kanye provide the highest points on the album and they're not even at their best. I'm really hoping that Nicki works with better producers for her next album. She has the talent, but this album doesn't display it at all.",8,11,"Nov 26, 2010"
5,"Most of the songs are bad auto-tuned and she seems to be an attention seeker/Gaga wannabe. The only good fact about 'Pink Friday' is that the songs are really catchy and well-produced.",7,10,"Sep 10, 2011"
0,"nicki minaj suck's this whole entire album suck's nicki minaj = talentless this album is sooo dumb and unintelligent it made lol soo hard that i broke the cd into twothis album is already in the bargin bin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",8,14,"Aug 23, 2011"
0,"Possibly one of the worst albums ever,one of the worst artists ever,and probably the worst songs ever. Nicki Minaj has an iratating voice that does not deserve approval at all.
F",2,4,"Nov 11, 2012"
0,"What the hell is this? Absolute rubbish. No creativity or originality upon the lyricism or topics of songs. It seems as if Nicki dipped in lil' kim's lyricism and flow and tried to take it, making as less impressive attempt it shows a distasteful approach upon her album. With the success it has gained, when listening to the album, it seemed obsessive and constantly directed to Lil' Kim.  Nicki Minaj is a poor imitation of Lil' Kim and lady gaga, She is overrated and has to focus on her lyric and creativity. She fell short and made a disappointing album. Not impressed one bit. Poor Poor approach to hip hop.",2,4,"Nov 12, 2013"
6,"shorty2klassy4u: Review of Nicki Minaj's Album 'Pink Friday': 'ALBUM OF THE YEAR!!! This is an excellent album. It showcases that female rappers can rap about more than sex, what';s in their pants, money, clothes, and drugs. Nicki Minaj brings substance in her lyrics which was totally unexpected. Listen and look past the obvious and see the depth. 5 STARS!!!' - Clearly listening to a different album because with the exception of the drugs thats EXACTLY what she raps about, OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN!",1,2,"Dec  4, 2010"
6,"Minaj's wordplay is decent, but lyrically, she's still struggling to achieve above mediocre status throughout the album, however, her multiple personae are effective, theatrical, and entertaining. He flow doesn't seem natural and comfortable at times but it's definitely one of her strengths because the delivery is brilliant. The production is as inconsistent as it gets, abysmal some the time, decent most of the time, and rarely brilliant. The content can get repetitive, because it seems like Minaj doesn't have any problems discovering her true self or anything and she's veered toward the most repetitive genre of all: mainstream pop. It's nothing more than a decent first attempt for an album. The best tracks on this album would be 'Roman's Revenge' ft. Eminem and 'I'm the Best'. I'd like to see more of the Nicki from 'Monster' and 'Bottom's Up' (aka Roman Zalowanski).",1,2,"Nov 23, 2010"
9,"Love Nicki. While her album is great, I do not know how well it would do chart wise. But it is hard to find an artist and album where I can listen to the entire album and not weed out the tracks that won't last (for me), and Pink Friday makes that list. Her album is a bit different from what was heard prior to it's release, but that is not a bad thing. It can stand on it's own and is not a disappointment.",1,2,"Jan  4, 2011"
6,"Nicki Minaj Pink Friday has a few interesting songs so don't just judge her album yet.Her voice is uh....lets just say that she has her own style and rhythm.In Romans Revenge, she and Eminem both kind of took me by surprise...man! I'm pretty sure its hard to switch the tone in your voice in a drum beat.Super Bass and Moment 4 life: catchy beat, nicely put chorus and with the help of her ever-switching voice.-6.8",1,2,"Jun  4, 2011"
10,"One of the most awaited albums of 2011 and it did not disappoint. The album is consistent, charming, makes everyone know who Nicki Minaj is. It has attitude and amazing lyrics. She can definitely compete with the likes of Eminem, Jay-Z and Lil' Wayne. The highlights of the album include 'Roman's Revenge', 'Did It On'em', 'Super Bass' and 'I'm The Best'.",5,11,"Jun 20, 2011"
3,"I need an Aspirin after hearing this album. So ... annoying. None of the songs sound like they'll do her any favours as they don't really stand out. She has a creative mind, I'll give you that, but puts it to terrible use. Plus, her image looks too much like a rip-off of Lady Gaga's.",3,8,"Nov 28, 2010"
7,"Minaj has showed be a rapper with a great strength and talent.The first time that I loved the way that she raps with risk was in Kanye's Monster.After listening to the whole album and I think this girl certainly has nothing to envy to Missy Elliott (although I still think she is the best female rapper yet) Nicki's album don't surprise me, but i like her personal touch, her madness and her wordplay!Her album is too Pop and I think this album is not up to her potential!I expect more of her!",1,3,"Nov 28, 2010"
7,"I think it's easy to underestimate this album after all the hype, and while in places it doesn't, this album is a satisfying listen and a satisfactory debut, but while satisfactory, it doesn't reach any deeper than that. Rihanna, Drake, Eminem, Natasha Bedingfield and Kanye West provide some noteworthy cameos, but now the spotlight is on Nicki, and while this record has it faults, it's clearly a step in the right direction.",1,3,"Nov 29, 2010"
9,"Pink Friday is definitely and distinctively good. From catchy pop tunes 'I'm the Best' to R&B 'Last Chance', the album is neither hip-hop, pop nor R&B. It showcases Nicki Minaj vocal abilities that can rap and sing at the same times with artistic elements on it. There are few songs that actually bad and I don't have to mention it.",1,3,"Feb 16, 2011"
10,"An amazing album. Minaj had alot of pressure riding on this album And she honestly pulled through like a champion. Her play on words and her lyrical content truly symbolize the new age of rap. This album is flawless",1,3,"Jan  2, 2011"
10,"An exceedingly beautiful album. With her ingenious puns and wordplay, the Barbie is the the answer to rap counterpart of 'Margaret Atwood'. Those lessons at Laguardia unequivocally paid off, as Nicki's deliverance is extremely powerful. Her inflection, accentuates her music, and thus giving her music an edge. Songs such as 'Did It On Em' is embedded with conceited lines of wittiness, whereas 'Your Love' is a complete shift to sentimentality. With the multiple personas, Nicki is able to punctuate her story to us. She puts an innovative spin on rap, by incorporating different genres and musical influences. This is an revolutionary album, and you must 'Check It Out'.",1,3,"Jan  9, 2011"
10,"Minaj excels at wordplay and rhyming.  With this debut she also proves she can tell a story and stick to the point (a former sore area for her). The chopped up vocals are innovative and catchy. Her different personalities keep the listener on their toes. Lyrically, she is as impressive as any female rapper (all-time). The instrumentation is never sloppy but rarely exceeds modern hip-hop expectations. That said, it was consistently pleasing enough to be better than the standard. She brings about the best lyricism from all of the featured rap acts (Kanye, will.i.am, Drake, Eminem). That said, I felt Rihanna's bit on 'Fly' was average while Natasha Bedingfield's input in the last track was boring. Singing instead of rapping is a new turn for Nicki, but it never fails--just falls flat sometimes. Overall it is a great debut, with average-to-slightly-above average instrumentation and singing, and many of the best rap verses released all year.",1,4,"Nov 23, 2010"
6,"Romans Revenge Is The Best Track On This Album. She Should Include More Hip-Hop Influenced Beats And More Rapping On This Album Album, But I Like The Direction She's Going In.",1,4,"Feb 26, 2012"
10,"The Best Rap Debut  Of All Time!  The Best Rap Album Of 2010!
Every Song Is Special And Unique In It' s Own Way!",1,4,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"ALBUM OF THE YEAR!!! This is an excellent album. It showcases that female rappers can rap about more than sex, what';s in their pants, money, clothes, and drugs. Nicki Minaj brings substance in her lyrics which was totally unexpected. Listen and look past the obvious and see the depth. 5 STARS!!!",1,7,"Nov 24, 2010"
9,"Wow! This album is really awesome. Her rimes and manipulation of rimes are great and sometimes funny. She shows her beautiful voice during the touching ballad called Right Thru Me (completely written by Nicki Minaj). The song Dear Old Nicki is a great honor to the old underground rapper she was. We see her **** side on many times in album (ex. I'm The Best, Did It On 'Em, Check It Out). In general, we can say that Pink Friday is an autobiographical album that talks a lot about the artist in question, which is great. As a whole work, this album is way better than every songs listened separately. That's why my rating is so high. The only thing that I don't like that much on Pink Friday is the Did It On 'Em part of the album. It's a bit weird  when I say it, because, alone, this song is good, it's only that it doesn't have it's place on the album. It should have been chosen as a Hidden Track or a Bonus song...",0,1,"Nov 23, 2010"
6,"an average for a rap album. way above average for a woman rapper. i'm no sexsist but they dont make the best rappers. a few catchy songs, i particularly enjoyed her collaberations with kanye west, will.i.am and eminem. summary - just above average",0,2,"Dec  5, 2010"
8,"The highest praise you can give a CD is that you can and want to listen to it over and over. Nicki Minaj provides such a CD. She doesn't go very hardcore except for like on Roman's Revenge, and she doesn't switch her flow up as much as she does on guest appearances. But still, she provides a unique (and often mellow) view into her own life, what she's about, and the drama she has had to deal with as she has become successful - and that is enough to provide a solid debut album.",0,1,"Nov 29, 2010"
10,"i am disappointed. too much durcheinander in this album. she raps, sings and raps and doesnt know what to do overall. its an average album. i expected more.",0,3,"Nov 23, 2010"
9,"Nicki stayed consistent with her mixtapes.I liked each and every song on the album.i just think she could have provided a greater number of songs considering the time and amount of songs she releases daily.Her songs were good but Moment 4 life, Save Me,Fly,Blazin,  stood out as classics excluding her singles.i think her Intro was great and her songs had much of the same message.She of course did not live up to the hype since shes no Lil Wayne but she came close to iti would give a 10 but 9 due to the small number of songs.However the song quality and content is worth a 10",0,1,"Nov 23, 2010"
7,"This album was okay. I like her music style she mix pop dance rnb hip hop rap and electro on this album.I think this is a nice album to get better than what i expected. I thought this album was going be just like her mixtapes. I enjoy all the songs on this album. She really shock me with this album. This album was good compare to what I thought it was going. This album is a chart topper and its on my top 20 list for album of the year",0,2,"Nov 24, 2010"
8,"'Pink Friday' is  a debut effort which doesn't quite reach the levels of the hype surrounding it's creating artist. It is nonetheless, a strong effort from the underground-to-mainstream rapstress. The album itself fails to create the personality-defying host of personas, rapping ridiculous bars in over-the-top voices style that Minaj has become famous for in her host of features throughout the course of 2009 and '10. Instead she wavers for an opening threat on the surprisingly light sounding 'I'm The Best', while tearing apart competition from the past ('Roman's Revenge', 'Did It On'em'). The 3 opening tracks imply an almost angry theme. 'Right Thru Me', and most of the content onward, reveals a far more feminine, vulnerable side to a usually merciless Minaj. Where this innocence may lead to a more open, personal artist, the lack of Nicki we've come to know and love feels like an abandonment of her true urban nature, and, while there may be sparks of redemption on tracks like 'Blazin', the bulk of this album may leave true Hip-Hop fans feeling cold. 'Last Chance' deserves a separate mention, as the track is the most perplexing of the 13-Track Standard Set. The song, riddled with guitar riffs, boasts some of Minaj's best quirkiness and flow, and a feature from cited inspiration Natasha Bedingfield, who provides the hook and ad-libs, and, while it is apparent that Minaj is loving the collaboration, it creates a sort of 'WTF!?' resolution to an already surprising effort. If the listener has indulged in the Physical Deluxe Edition, they are treated to 3 bonus tracks; 'Super Bass', 'Blow Ya Mind' and 'Muny'. 'Super Bass', the Ester Dean-assisted banger, contains some of the recent-feature flow of Nicki Minaj, while providing a club-friendly hook, and is easily one of the best tracks of the album. 'Blow Ya Mind', an elastic, interchanging song between Industrial Hip-Hop and Guitar and Synth melodies, is an odd track which shows Minaj proving she's 'the baddest', while an uncredited singer croons over how fabulous she really is. 'Muny', an awfully spelled, Hip-Hop take on the Madonna classic 'Material Girl', is another highlight of the CD, providing an almost sing-a-along hook with a clap-a-long latter chorus. The iTunes Deluxe Edition also features 'These Girls Fall Like Dominoes', a track that is titled after the chorus line of The Big Pink classic 'Dominos', and a song which contains this very section as it's hook, is a J.R. Rotem produced anthem, which supplies a heavy list of celebrities Minaj is happy to mention (from the Kardashians to Grace Jones, M.I.A. to Mariah Carey), and a chorus that people who have never even heard of Minaj will be able to shout along to.Overall, 'Pink Friday' is a swooning album of spastic, persona changing rap, vocoded singing (and some without), and a CD brimming with a personality that is determined to let her success continue, while playing it safe, straddling the Hip-Hop and Pop genres, while leaning more to the latter.",0,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"I'm so impressed by this record! I'm not usually a rap fan at all, but this album is virtually flawless! Not a single dud track - I've had this album on continuous repeat since first buying it. Highlights for me are Roman's Revenge, Save Me and Your Love.",0,1,"Dec  2, 2010"
8,"shorty2klassy4u: This is an excellent album. It showcases that female rappers can rap about more than sex, what';s in their pants, money, clothes, and drugs. Nothing More!! Perfect Feat. and lyrics! Don't expected all of this ! Congratulations for Roman' Revenge Acid Diss! Moment 4 Life Is the Great Point!",0,2,"Dec 29, 2010"
7,"1st Of All I Love Nicki...I Am Normally Not Picky.. This Time Will Be.
Her Voice Is Very Different Than Anyone I Have Ever Heard (In A Good Way)
Most Of The Songs Are Fine, Or Meh But Overall The Best Songs On Pink Friday Are:
1. Super Bass
2. Check It Out
3. Your Love
4. Romans Revenge",0,2,"Sep 29, 2011"
6,"It may be a little hard for Missy Elliott to regain the crown for the Queen of Hip-Hop taking into account the current star status of Nicki Minaj. Pink Friday performed extremely well and became one of the most talked about rap albums in a while. Yet, full of A-list appearances (Drake, Eminem, Kanye, Rihanna, and others) and perfectly produced, it disappointed some people. It is just they expected something different. The cover depicting the Trinidadian-born rapper as a Barbie did not come as ironic. Indeed, many of those tracks are of bubblegum nature as the whole LP turns in pop direction way too often. There is nothing wrong with sweet beats: Super Bass is simply excellent and no wonder it became Minaj",0,2,"Jan 10, 2012"
9,"A great album, so many different types of song, you have Save me, slow and yet so powerful, then your up beat Romans Revenge, I love this album, and reccomend it to all Minaj fans! Justr oen song is lame which is Here I am",0,2,"Oct 16, 2011"
7,"Fantastic album. One of the best female rappers of all time. Highlights of this album were 'Fly (ft. Rihanna)' and of course, 'Super Bass'. Recommended for all girls out there.",0,2,"Feb 25, 2012"
8,"So many people over the social media said the album is ''Dissapointing''- ''Stupid'' and ''Horrible''Well i really think this album is a rap masterpiece.The greatest rap album i have ever listened in 2 years.The first song I'm the Best has a catchy sound + Minaj's voice makes the song thousand times better.Roman's Revenge (feat. Eminem) is just brilliant.It is the main song for Nicki's alter ego Roman.Eminem and Nicki did a great job on this song to be f*cking honest.Well i must say Did it On 'em is a little weak for the album but that does not mean it is bad.In fact it is really nice.Right Thru Me is one of the ballad-R&B songs on the album along with Save Me.Those 2 songs show us that Nicki can f*cking sing and rap at the same time.Fly (feat. Rihanna) is more like a pop radio-friendly song to me.Moment 4 Life (feat. Drake) and Check it Out (feat. Will.i.am) are really good.I mean these 2 songs are really succesful collabrations.Here I Am has some guitar loops in it but this is what makes the song different.Dear Old Nicki is like the worst song on that album.I think you can all agree on that.It is more like a unreleased , cheap song.Your Love and Last Chance (feat. Natasha Bedingfield) sound similar but they are nice though.Super Bass is a MASTERPIECE.As you can remember the video for the single and the single itself conqured the charts.Blow Ya Mind , Muny , Wave Ya Hand and Catch Me are the bonus tracks.Well Nicki made a good decision with making those songs ''bonus''.In conclusion ; this album really slays.It has up-beat catchy rap tunes and strong lines.I love the album and listen to it everyday.Well done Nicki.",0,2,"Jan  4, 2012"
7,"In Nicki Minajs debut release, we see  both aggressiveness and a softer side. She is very guarded here, but when she lets us see a glimpse of her true prowess as a rapper, such as in her collaboration with Eminem, Romans Revenge. This is also the beginning of here multiple personalities, mainly Roman Zolanski, which would later be expanded on her second release. The features are spot on, with Drake, Kanye and will.i.am each contributing their distinctive touch to their respective tracks. With few low points and anthemic, motivational attitude, Pink Friday is a solid album.",0,2,"May 23, 2014"
10,"Nicki Minaj is a talented rapper (can even be said as the best of today), Pink Friday was definitely one of the best albums of 2011 and now the queen is coming back in 2014",0,2,"Oct 23, 2014"
10,"Minaj excels and is at her best when she she rapping hard and aggressive, her wordplay and rhyming always are a highlight of any track. She successfully was able to create a very solid, well put together debut.",0,2,"Apr 27, 2014"
10,"No h palavras para descrever essa perfeio de lbum. Nicki Minaj acertou em cheio, e fez um lbum incrvel. Sem mais. Ela misturou o Pop com o Rap e Hip-Hop, e essa mistura ficou incrvel. Nenhuma faixa  ruim ou 'pulvel'",0,2,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2010, com toda a certeza. Nicki mostra como  gil em seus jogos de palavras, e na troca de alter-egos. No  atoa que foi to aclamada pela crtica internacional.",0,1,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"Great great great great great, this a epic, a classic, this is pink friday, this is Nicki Minaj, Onika, Harajuku Barbie, Nicki the Ninja, Barbie ****, Is a **** crazy album",0,1,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"Nicki Minaj creates a classic with her debut album. She keeps up with amazing features and pours every aspect of herself into the album. Pink Friday is a great success for Nicki, hip-hop, and culture as a whole.",0,1,"Jan  5, 2015"
7,"A strong debut from Nicki Minaj. None of this album failed to live up to Nicki's outstanding verse on Kanye West's 'Monster' (well... maybe... 'Roman's Revenge'...) but most of it shows Nicki Minaj's talent as a rapper, as well as her vocals fit for singing (but not singing mediocre pop like 'Super Bass' or 'Check It Out'). The production is dull at times, but her rapping talent makes up for it. Grade: B. Highlights: 'Roman's Revenge', 'Save Me', 'Moment 4 Life'. Worst song: 'Super Bass'",0,2,"Apr 15, 2015"
10,"This album was so good! Well done Nicki Minaj you surprised me with this album. I like the half singing and half rapping throughout the album, you have a really good voice",0,2,"Apr  7, 2015"
10,"Being considered as one of the best albums by a rapper, Nicki Minaj shows her multiple faces in her successful debut album, containing high quality content which shows her versatility in different genres as pop & r&b, mainly focusing on electro-rap and hip/hop-rap tracks. This record has songs for all tastes warning everyone that Nicki Minaj was destined to be one of the greatest and most influential female rappers of all time. With collaborations with rap superstars like Eminem and Kanye West, and with female superstars like Rihanna and Natasha Bedingfield, Minaj attacks the competence in one her fiercest and excellent debut album.",0,2,"Oct 11, 2015"
7,"Melhores msicas: I'm The Best, Roman's Revenge, Did It On'em, Fly, Check It Out, Blazin, Your Love, Super Bass, Girls Fall Like Dominoes, Wave Ya Hand, Last Chance",0,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The bible of rap, her best album. Fly is amazing, nicsus did a great job! PF >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>others",0,1,"Nov  6, 2015"
8,"Nicki Minaj's best album, I love this. The song's are real hip-hop but haves so force music would I have to put this negatives points. But, honestly, I looooooooove this album!",0,1,"Nov 18, 2015"
7,"I've never heard of Nicki Minaj until Kanye's 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'. We all know how that went, right? Her vocal presentation on Monster is spectacular, bringing a a very raw and harsh verse to the track, fitting right in with the other stars and it gives off this vibe that screams that Nicki Minaj has the goods and all she needs to do is deliver. I will admit I am a sucker for synth ridden R&B music and while there aren't a lot of these tracks on this album, the ones that are on there are good enough without being overbearing in my opinion. When she unleashes on 'I'm The Best' and 'Roman's Revenge' (with Eminem), her talent shines like a supernova and by that part in the album, we're only on the first two tracks and haven't even touched 'Blazin'' (with Kanye West) on it, which, in my opinion, capitalizes the most on her vocal ability. Her opening line is quick and stings like a slap in the face. If you're looking for an album full of tracks that sound similar to her cameo on 'Monster', there are a few, but that's all. The other tracks are very R&B. It's at least worth a listen.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2010"
7,"Pink Friday it's a debut album that when you hear it you say: This is a before and an after. Pink Friday is the proof that Nicki Minaj will be the greatest female rapper ever.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2010"
9,"This album was totally unexpected for me. it is not your typical beat driven hip-hop album, there are different musical beats attach to this album, that makes it almost non hip-hopish, BUT that is exactly what I love about Pink Friday, It is catchy, it is fresh, it is uniquely different! And Nicki Minaj is definitely making her mark as a top female MC, Roman's Revenge, Moment 4 Life, Blazin' and Muny (Deluxe Version) are the moments for me. ENJOY IT!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2010"
6,"Overall it wasn't a bad album, but I felt like she was lost in what she wanted to be as an artist.  The songs with all the vocals bothered me, because that's not what I like her as.  Missy Elliott can sing and rap, and it's not a problem, but Nicki Minaj is better as an MC.  I felt that she let true fans down with all the singing, and she should have stayed in her lane.  I actually her the bonus tracks that were on Itunes and Best Buy, and those tracks should have replaced songs that were on the album.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2010"
9,"For a debut album the album is nothing short of genius. Although others wont agree on this it is an album i could literally listen to over and over and over again and this is what defines a great great album for me. She managed to get fantastic artists on the album making each colab a stand out track. Yes there is alot of singing on the album but this doesnt bother me in the slightest, to add to that she mega talented when it comes to rapping. Her talent with the beats she got definitely made a positive and great debut album to stand on. Even with this great start im sure she will definitely improve, bright bright future!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2010"
10,"All you haters are just jealous of nicki's talent and money and she doesn't care what any of you haters think, she's not going to stop or change for any1, she will be forever winning in the rap game!",0,0,"Jul 23, 2013"
7,"A Very Good Debut Album For A Rap Artist!
I Enjoy All Of The Songs, But The Reason I Marked The Album Down From A 9 To A 7 Was Nicki Does Not Need More Than Half The Song On The Album To Feat. Someone!
Overall A Nice Album!",0,0,"May 28, 2012"
8,"It's very rare do we see female's rapping, but Nicki Minaj hopes to become this generation's Missy Elliot or Lil Kim, with her debut album 'Pink Friday' she delivers a collection of songs that seem to be the usual formulas for Rap music, heavy beats, tons of cussing, and in Nicki Minaj's case, a look inside her head. In the end 'Pink Friday' won't change your view of Hip-Hop music, but it is an impressive debut from Minaj, as she delivers some standouts and a few fillers. The opening track 'I'm the Best' sets you up with what to expect from Minaj, it's love it or hate it, then it follows with a forgettable duet with legendary raper Eminem on the song 'Roman's Revenge' the rest of the songs have the same style, plenty of beats, trash talking, and a few ballads that are okay. Her style does work effectively on certain songs like 'Did it On'em' and 'Moment 4 Life' but some of her songs may leave you bored. Later on she changes her style a little with songs like 'Check it Out' and 'Super Bass' that will no doubt have you humming the lyrics afterwards, I just wished she would change up the songs more often. The album is also boasted by several guest appearances from Kanye West, Natasha Bedingfield, will.i.am, and Drake, which provide some solid vocals to each of Minaj's songs. As for Minaj herself she has potential with Good Pipes on songs like 'Your Love' and 'Save Me' and some Incredible rapping and flow. The album is about thirteen songs long but unfortunately has a weak finale, but the story is interesting and will make you curious about Minaj and her many alter egos. Overall fans of Rap music in general will enjoy 'Pink Friday' and we hope to see Minaj improve over the course of her career.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
5,"There are around 20 songs when you combine all the editions of this debut from Nicki so while some of them are pretty good, the majority fall into the latter. I'm not a massive Hip-Hop fan so it's just OK for me.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2013"
9,"Nicki Minaj gives us her Grammy-nominated debut album containing hit tracks such as 'Super Bass,' 'Moment 4 Life' and 'Fly.' Minaj displays true talent as a kick-ass female rapper.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
7,"I really enjoy this album. Nicki Minaj definitely knows what she wants to express about herself and her past. It also features tons of cool guest stars, from Kanye West to Rihanna. There are parts where the music can be a bit aggravating however, mostly due to the mediocre production and autotune. But other than that, this is a very good album.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2015"
5,"Kind of disappointing. I can't really tell which is more disappointing, her rapping attempts, or the other singers or rappers on the album. The songs are catchy, though.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2013"
10,"Best Album Ever, she is the best female Rapper Alive, she got not competition at all, this is why new york times name her the most influential female rapper of all the time.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2014"
10,"This album is my all time favorite! This is  a classical hip-hop album that's filled with so much diversity and epic flow. I still listen to the full album at least twice a week, even though it's almost 3 years old now. I will never get enough of Nicki. She is THE QUEEN of Hip-Hop & RAP.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2014"
10,"I love this album so much it's something different coming from a female rapper and we've never heard something like it before (the closest we'd get is Missy) it's a great introduction and it's one of the best debuts from a rapper in this day and age.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2014"
10,"This debut album from Miss Minaj Putted Rap & Hip Hop back on the map. This album is the perfect combination of Rap, Hip Hop and Pop. Let's not forget the impact of Super bass on the charts. Who dislikes this album is doesn't want to admit Nicki saved the Rap industry and are uneducated. That's all.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2016"
7,"Um lbum mix de pop e rap. Nicki no atendeu a cobrana por qualidade visto suas mixtapes, mas o lbum tem seus momentos de genialidade, como 'moment 4 life', 'your love' e 'fly', que  a melhor msica do lbum.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
1,"A good album with tons of hits. What's my name is my favorite, followed by Love the Way You Lie. Some of the songs are filler though like Complicated and Fading.",3,3,"Aug 19, 2011"
7,"Vocally, it's what pop music should sound like with some R&B and rap-infused tracks. It's up to par with her other albums if not better in that regards. Emotionally, it's happy, sensual, provocative, and some tracks have some angst. But ultimately it's excellent at conveying her feelings. But it lacks the fire or the passion and the content, is just repetitive, cliched, corny. And I can't insert the 'e actue' symbol without code-writing errors. Oh well.",2,2,"Nov 23, 2010"
7,"after last year's foray to the dark side on Rated R, RiRi returns clearly aiming to emulate the considerable charms that led Good Girl Gone Bad to its massive success. while Loud doesn't disappoint, it doesn't exactly thrill as much as one might hope. though there are a couple stand-out club bangers [see: lead single, Only Girl in the World and album opener, S+M] the disc is mostly packed with Rihanna's signature Umbrella-style mid-tempo jams which, although impeccably produced, may leave some fans craving a little more of the Barbadian beauty's fiery sizzle for which we have come to know and love her.",2,2,"Nov 22, 2010"
8,"I know I am old, but I just got into Rihanna, not being one in the past to embrace pop music until now, thank the kids for that.  But having loved Euro pop in the late 90's and beginning of the decade, i am finding now in modern American pop, we are seeing Euro techno influences in our American music and I quite enjoy it.  I also have Rated R which i think is a great post break up girl growing up album, however the horrid slow songs overkill the great throbbing industrial dankness and true heartbroken ager of the rest of the album.  this album loses the darker industrial bad girl vibe and instead embraces Rihannas sexuality.  You take the Cd out of the case and there is a picture of her naked groin with a white flower the only thing covering up her woo-hoo.  So, this is an album full of sexuality, like Madonna in the early 90's, Rihanna has found her sound.  I personally could have done without the California King Bed track that is so so corny lyrically, and the cheezy guitar pop production sounds like a horrible American idol itune download, just awful.  But S&M, Only Girl, What's my Name, Raining Men, and Love the way You Lie pt 2 are absolute classics!!  They embrace the world pop and electronic sound and is peppered with sexualy charged lyrics.
Whereas Rated R was her true bad girl album this is her true NAUGHTY girl album.  Gone are the excessive yet necessary cursing, but in it's place is fun and secretly dirty sexual innuendo such as Drakes rap ' What's the square root of 69, oh yeah it's 8 sum'  and Rihanna 'Sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me'.
If we could have had dance beats replacing the slow songs cheezy 80's guitars (California King Bed: BARF BAG) this CD would be a perfect example of a modern 22 year old girl finding her sexuality and independence and embrassing it in the digital electro age of 2010.  Hopefully as she gets older Rihanna will realize how to make a perfect album, and hopefully will come to the understanding that ballads do not have to have production that sound like it came from a Roxette album, learn a note from Drake and Kanye, ballads can sound futuristic simple and beautiful without the over the top dramatics.  Still this is a fun album, and up there with Rated R as Rihannas best 2 albums, i just hope she continues to grow and experiment as an artist.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2010"
9,"Rihanna's Loud is probably a combination of her albums. The Caribbean music is present in some songs. The dance-hall/club music is the main element of each songs. R&B music is present in her ballads. Lastly, Love the Way You Lie (Part II) is a 'Rated R' song. I conclude that Rihanna combine all her album into one to produce an artistic and commercial success CD.",1,1,"Nov 26, 2010"
8,"Rihanna showed a different side to her on this album and it definitely paid off. It can be seen as a 'fun' album and theres no harm in that. For those that doubted that she could sing, i think theyve been proved wrong after listening to some of the vocals. Very good album from Rihanna.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2010"
10,"This album is amazing!!! I like it! This is her second best album after Good Girl Gone Bad! S&M, Only Girl, What's My Name?, Skin and California King Bed are the best songs on Loud!
The best album in 2010. Catchy songs and beautiful ballads.",1,1,"Dec 18, 2010"
7,"This album is quite good. There are some great songs in this album (Cheers (Drink To That), Love The Way You Lie Part 2 (feat. Eminem) but it still isn't the best album ever. Still, definitely worth a listen.",1,1,"Feb 20, 2011"
7,"This probably leaves fans of Good Girl Gone Bad hungry for something else. I love her music and I was amused by her subtle attacks on Chris Brown ('Fading' [probably about his career as of yet], 'Man Down' [probably what she really wanted to do to him], 'Complicated' [probably how she felt about the situation overall with him], and 'Love the way you lie' [this one is about an abusive relationship]). Rihanna sings some interesting songs but none of these are quite the classics she gave her fans on GGGB (like 'Rehab'). Look forward to whatever she does in the future.",1,1,"Jan 26, 2011"
6,"'Loud' is different from the normal Rihanna. The difference is that it's much better. 'Only Girl (In the World)' provides a massive, thunderous chorus that is sure to satisfy. 'What's My Name?' has a lovey-dovey bridge and melody to it that will make your heart sink. 'Raining Men' will make you want to dance, and 'S&M' will get you in the mood. 'Loud' is overall a pretty good album, despite some songs.",1,1,"Feb  4, 2011"
9,"Hmm...Rihanna did a pretty (not bad) job this time. Loud is 1 of her best album that contain great tracks like Only Girl(in the world), what's my name, s&m, fading and california king bed, but others are not gd at all!! Especially Cheers (drink to that), and Raining Men. These 2 are like 'terrible', this album attracted me to listen to Rihanna, Keep Going, Rihanna!!",1,1,"Mar  6, 2011"
8,"I like this album. Rihanna stepped her game up with this. Sounds like a pop album, hit songs. wish it was more than 11 but oh well. Skin is my favorite song.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2011"
10,"A good album with lots of hits and has shown to be extremely successful so far selling 6 million copies , making Rihanna one of the most successful pop stars out there today",1,1,"Nov 25, 2011"
7,"After the complicated and amazing 'Rated R' Rihanna, with 'Loud', returns to the world of the simple pop, dance and R&B music. 'Loud' is Rihanna fifth studio album and for the fifth time Rihanna changed her character for her album. With a simply and engaging music 'Loud' is perfect for dance on the Dance Floor in an amazing night. ( sorry for my English )",1,1,"Mar 28, 2012"
10,"This Is What Pop Music Is!
Real Vocals Real Music.. No Auto Tune Crap..
Love This Album One Of The Best Albums Of All Time!
Best Song: S&M
Worst Song: None",1,1,"May 31, 2012"
10,"One Of The Best Album Of All Time! Every Single Song Is Perfection Beyond!",1,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"Best album of Rihanna, taking 'Skin' all the songs are good, do not get tired of hearing this album, really good.
Highlights: S & M and Only Girl
Lows: Skin and Fading",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Who cares about this negative user reviews? They are just jealous for this amazing record!LOUD is so far the best album of 2010, Rihanna is the QUEEN!",2,3,"Nov 18, 2010"
10,"This album is probably one of my favorites of the year. It's super catchy, and there are a variety of songs in it. It isn't repetitive like most albums and what I love is how Rihanna can always keep it fresh and with time she's becoming better and better.",5,8,"Nov 17, 2010"
5,"An average album compared to the rest of her work. This was one of my most anticipated albums and was not pleased in the end. The tracks are quite forgettable and boring at times. Very disappointed by this album. I expected so much more. However, Rihanna has shown some growth as a vocalist, with the welcomed improvements on her vocals on songs like Complicated, California King Bed, and Love The Way You Lie (Part II). Favorite Track: 'What's My Name' (ft. Drake). Least Favorite Track: S&M.",4,7,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Kinda good album... but definitively won't be in my top five 2010 albums, but probably in my top ten. Sometimes the album seems like it needs more work. Loud starts with a song called S&M, lyrically, this song is not that great : 'I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it/ Sex in the air, I don't care I love this melody' ; but I can't deny, this can be a huge success, especially for the clubs. I'm looking forward to see S&M as a single (at least in the Top 10). Cheers (Drink To That), a good song to sing with friends a Friday night, actually not bad, I can't really tell if this song will be a success, but definitively will excite the crowd during Rihanna's next tour.California King Bed is my personal favorite song on Loud! Very touching ballad. Rihanna's vocals are great. Lyrics seems so real. I hope this song will get noticed and hit a #1!Man Down is a Reggae song. In my opinion, it's the weakest link of the chain. But i can't deny that the beat is awesome and that the lyrics may be some kind of a wanna be honor to Bob Marley.Raining Men: full of beat song. Very good beat! You probably even won't notice the lyrics. I can tell you that I really love the bridge and Nicki Minaj's part. If you love Rihanna in her debuts (Music Of The Sun) you will worship this song.Love The Way You Lie (Part II) is a song with strong lyrics. A great choice to conclude this 11-track album. Her vocals are good, but the Chorus should have stayed the same. Best part without any doubt: Eminem's rap.A great album in general. For me, Loud isn't as good as Rated R and Good Girl Gone Bad (Rated R being the best she made for me). If you love Rihanna you should love this album.",2,4,"Nov 16, 2010"
8,"Load is all about Rihanna's fighting side. It shows her rage and anger. My advice is to go and buy the album regardless of very few negative reviews.",1,2,"Nov 19, 2010"
8,"The album as a whole is on par with Rated R; however, it does not meet her best work to date Good Girl Gone Bad. The standout tracks are: Complicated, California King Bed, Only Girl (In The World), S&M and Love The Way You Lie Part 2. Overall, the album is a solid effort from one of pop's finest.",1,2,"Nov 21, 2010"
10,"this this this this this thisis is is is is is is is is is isso so so so so so so so soAmaizing amiazing amiazing!i buy i buy i buy i buy i buy i buy this this this this this this this thisAlbum album album album album",1,2,"Mar  2, 2011"
10,"I love this album, this is Rihanna the way that I've grown to love and appreciate her, this album showed a different side of her, despite her lack of envolvement with songwriting and production, she makes up for it when you hear the final product and she delivers vocal perfomance better than she have in the past showing that she is truly improving as a vocalist. This was by far, my favorite album of 2010 and still listened to it throught 2011.",1,2,"Nov 14, 2011"
7,"Um dos melhores lbum de Rihanna. Mesmo com a pssima Skin,Man Down e Raining Men.
Top 6 Loud 2010
1-California King Bed
2-Only Girl (In The World)
3-What's My Name
4-Fading
5-Cheers (Drink To That)
6-Complicated",1,2,"Jan 15, 2015"
10,"I must say, before I start that this  album is FULL of surprises and great sounds...Her mixing of different genres and her great vocal is probably the reason why she's so successful  in today's music industry.About Loud:I think it's great album but, honestly, I expected a little more great hit songs. I mean... it's gonna finish like Rated R... Only Girl made a big smash.... and also S&M will do the same.... maybe Cheers take on some charts but the rest is just gonna fade and there will be many nice songs that are gonna get forgotten because she didn't make a good balance between those slow jams and those smashes....But still, it's a great album.... My favorites are Cheers, Skin, Only Girl & What's My Name... The weakest link is, at my opinion Complicated (she sang it very good but it has something that doesn't fit in this whole concept)....",1,3,"Nov 19, 2010"
10,"A very good album!!!!I like that every song is different and great at the same time!Definitely one of the best Pop albums this year!!!Favorites:only girl,what's my name,cheers,love the way you lie(part II),raining men, california king bed(great vocals),fading,man down,skin,complicated!!!oh,oh!Did i mentioned them all?yep,because every song worth a listen!!!And maybe,who knows,maybe every single song in this album be a top 10 hit, because every song is different and very 'radio-friendly'!!!",1,3,"Nov 17, 2010"
8,"While not her best album stylistically, the concept of the album is good and while the content may not be completely original, she is supplied with plenty of hooks and good beats. Tracks such as What's My Name, Cheers, and Only seem directed straight for the club and even the ballads hold some metallic rhythm. Her best vocal performances however lie in her ballads, California King Bed and her stripped down version of Love the Way You Lie. Nicki Minaj, Drake and Eminem make some noteworthy cameos on the album, but Rihanna takes center stage with her vocal performances. Solid album.",1,4,"Nov 17, 2010"
1,"Honestly Loud doesn't compare to GGGB or Rated R, total letdown. I don't understand the appeal of this album at all. I like Rihanna but these songs ain't cutting it.",2,9,"Nov 17, 2010"
0,"Wow, Im shocked at these reviews, Not too shocked because Critics Overrate & Underrate thing all the time. Poor Rihanna, She thought she could pull off another B",4,19,"Nov 17, 2010"
6,"Rihanna's 2010 'Loud', sounds like an rushed effort after the lukewarm commercial reception of 2009's 'Rated R'. Tracks like 'What's my name?' and 'Man Down' feel like fresh standouts on the otherwise generic album. Tracks like 'Cheers(Drink to That)' and 'Raining Men' sound unfinished and need a lot more work. The sonically unremarkable album is filled with 'copy and paste' songs from artists like'Alanis Morissette' and 'Grace Jones'. 'Loud' isn't an bad album but it's not great and not great isn't good. (I'm sorry tracks like 'S&M' inspired me to write that ending.",0,1,"Nov 19, 2010"
8,"I was disappointment not because it's a bad album - it's actually really very good - but because it didn't even  begin to compare to Rated R. Rated R was bold, dark and exciting whereas Loud can more easily be put in the RNB bucket bin.",0,1,"May 23, 2011"
6,"Rihanna's 5th album proves to me that she has great vocals, and she is able to sell records. The downfalls of the album though are the tracks 'Only Girl (In The World)', and 'Cheers (Drink to That)'. Another low on the album is 'California King Bed'. Corny lyrics, and vocals that prove she can sing, we know that. We get the picture. Give us something else to work with.",0,1,"Nov 22, 2010"
3,"'Loud' was a mistake in comparison with Good Girl Gone Bad and Rated R. The only track who was good was Love The Way You Lie (Pt. II). And when Rihanna said: 'I wanted songs that were all Rihanna songs, that nobody else could do. I didn't want the generic pop record that Ke$ha or Lady Gaga or Katy Perry could just do...' that shows that she thinks she's better that the three artists. And that egomania it showed in Only Girl (In the World). There are not Rihanna songs, they will be if she wrote or co-wrote it. Forgettable",0,4,"Nov 25, 2010"
3,"Didn't Rihanna say she didn't want to make 'generic pop records'? Well, she failed terribly. Such a boring, unoriginal album. Nothing special, really. There are some tracks that are decent but, well, they're forgettable. I've already forgotten what they're called and how they go. 'Only Girl' has nice music, but Rihanna kills it by completely screaming the chorus, which is uncomfortable to hear. Also, she needs to stop singing songs about how she likes rough men and getting hurt. First there was Russian Roulette, Rude Boy and Love the Way You Lie, and now there's songs like S&M, which I hear will be a single. My God, she really seems to like it rough, doesn't she?",0,2,"Nov 27, 2010"
5,"With songs like 'Whats My Name?' & 'Only Girl (In The World)' you would think this album would be SPECTACULAR! but... its just average. She may have nice catchy fun songs like 'Raining Men' (ft. Nicki Minaj') but its nothing i haven't heard before from Rihanna. To me this album is kind of verging on 'Generic POP'! I have heard better records from Rihanna.",0,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
4,"Although the album isn't awful, it sure as heck isn't up to Rihanna's standards. Most of the tracks act as fillers for the occasional good song, with exceptions being Only Girl (In the World), What's My Name, and Raining Men. With these excluded, the album would just be a bland mess of white noise. An overall failure by my evaluation.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2011"
5,"I was disappointed in 'Loud', especially when they said Rihanna was 'going back to her pop roots'. I did not find too much pop in the work of the album. There are a few tracks I found myself liking and listening to more frequently, such as S&M and Raining Men; along with Only Girl. Sorry to the Drake fans, but I could not get into that track with him in it; I got a track without his verse and like it way better. Overall I was not impressed and hope she does better next time.",0,1,"Jan  4, 2011"
6,"Loud is a commercial album. With the exception of a few songs, this is just made for selling. It's a good pop album, but I know that Rihanna can do much better. It's definitely not good enough for being the successor of Rated R, which is a work of art.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
8,"After Rihanna's 'Rated R' and transformation, I was looking forward to the albums release.  I received this album for christmas and tracks such as 'S&M', 'What's My Name', and Only GIrl (In the World) are enough to get any party started.  I was dissapointed though to find out that Rihanna did not write or co-write any of the tracks on the album.  Still this album is quite good and should be listened to.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2011"
10,"This album is really good i like the lyrics of the song and it has also got a nice beat suiting the lyrics of the song. This is definitely going to be in my top 10 for this month where as i preferd her last album a lot better.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2010"
10,"Loud is my best Rihanna album so far, is definitely puts her back into her comfort zone, doing great dance music, S&M is naughtily fun, Cheers (Drink To That) is a drinking anthem, Only Girl is a fantastic dance track and Complicated is a high powered dance ballad, however California King Bed is the ballad that don't really do it for me...it's too blah! but the stand out track for me the Man Down, the reggae influenced track, I love it! 10/10 deserved",0,0,"Dec  3, 2010"
6,"Me rating this album as 5 should sound strange, if you see on my Last.fm and realize that I have listen to it at least 250 times. 'S&M' is Rihanna's masterpiece. One of the best (sex) songs I have ever heard. I mean, for me it's like a drug, if I listen once, I have to listen 4 times at least. There are other good songs 'Only Girl' and 'What's My Name' shows Rihanna and the quality of her vocal skills. It's not the greatest vocal of all time, but it's good to hear. 'Complicated' is a fun song, love the lyrics. But what can I say about the rest of the songs. OMG, I can even listen to them more than once. I know that some of them are grower, but it's not that good. But Rihanna shows on LOUD that she is one of the most amazing stars in the world.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2010"
7,"Rihanna is back again with some strong work after her previous (disastrous, in my opinion) album. While Loud doesn't show a wide range of growth in terms of the sound of the music, the shrillness of her voice has declined and she's singing better than she ever has. Loud is far from a classic and you might not even be listening to it next year but for now, it's a collection of fun, well-produced pop songs that are a joy to listen to.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2011"
10,"Overall (In My Opinion) Rihanna's Best Album!
Love You And Ur Music!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2012"
6,"The album is ok, but she could have done much better - especially after 'Good Girl Gone Bad' and 'Rated R'. Some of the tracks are good, but there is no evolution whatsoever.",0,0,"May 26, 2011"
7,"Overall a decent album with superb hits like whats my name,only girl and S&M,i like Man Down,Complicated and Skin as well.Good but not great except for a few songs.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2011"
6,"This album is really a step backward from Rated R, but is fun, catchy, makes you feel good. Perfect music for American industry. And, as I'm not the American industry, I'm not so pleased with it. Average to OK.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2011"
9,"Even though almost 8 months have passed since Loud saw the light in late 2010, I believe Loud is one of the albums that truly stand out, I could say is one of the albums of this decade that makes it worth commenting and reviewing. Almost every single track is club worthy and chart worthy, except for Raining Men with Nicki Minaj, this album is great to listen to. No wonder Only Girl (In the World), What's My Name? with Drake and S&M made it on the Hot 100, hopefully Man Down and California King Bed make it on the top spot or in the Top 3. Let's wait and see if it's true if she re-releases Loud this fall.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2011"
10,"From the dance floor born 'S&M', to the hormone injected 'Skin', this album is a potential hit from start to finish. From the club inspired tracks like 'S&M', and 'Only Girl (In The World)' to the hip hop 'What's My Name?', and 'Cheers (Drink To That)', to the island themed 'Man Down', to the rock ballad 'California King Bed' to the other rock, infuesed with hip hop song, 'Skin', to the hip hop infuesed ballad 'Fading', to the pop ballad 'Complicated, to the rap/hip hop song 'Raining Men' (with an excellent performence by Nicki Minaj), this album jumps from genre to genre flawlessly. It doesn't once feel like she's ripping of anyone, and you people have to realize something! Do you all know how long music's been out? It may not be on purpose, but every album is going to at least accidently copy off someone. When you find an album out in the last five years that is completly 100% original then let me know!",0,0,"Jul 22, 2011"
7,"Not a brillaint album, rather good songs, but yet there are some songs I feel ive heard on her previous albums! I do think maybe her next album will be a bit more exciting.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2011"
10,"Even though the album was a bit rushed, it provided many types of music. Reggae, Pop, R&b, and even a bit of dance. It takes her back to the Caribbean roots she also had, and gains attention with the radio through her pop songs. All in all the album was AMAZING, very radio friendly.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"This album is probably one of my favorites of the year. It's super catchy, and there are a variety of songs in it. It isn't repetitive like most albums and what I love is how Rihanna can always keep it fresh and with time she's becoming better and better. DIVA!!!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2011"
8,"It clearly spawn great tracks. And to be honest, those tracks are pretty good. On the other hand, I can see no vocal evolution here. Instead, I witnessed a vocal fall down. With the consistent use of auto-tune in most songs, this album sucked vocally. But the lyrical and musical composition of some tracks like Love The Way You Lie, California King Bed, and Man Down are strong enough to carry the album to a higher rate.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
6,"I leave above the average for the songs are good, which there is no way to contest. However, it's just an album made",0,0,"Apr 30, 2012"
4,"To me, LOUD is Rihanna's weakest effort since she got into mainstream music (not counting 'Music of the Sun' and 'A Girl Like Me'). After the great album that was 'Rated R' is was expecting her to maintain her level of involvement in the making of the record, but she completely step out of it instead. She just relied on the help of 'Stargate' and other usual collaborators to create her the album obvious hits: 'Only Girl (in the World)' and 'S&M'. She was lucky to make the extremely average song 'What's my Name?' a success. The rest of the album is forgettable, except for the curious 'Man Down'. It is just (which is unforgivable given the medium quality of it's songs) but also rides on the success of 'Love the Way You Lie' with not only one, but two versions of a 'second part'. It is incomprehensible to me how could this album be more successful than 'Rated R' or her more recent 'Talk That Talk'. Publicity must really play a bigger role than I thought in her career.Highlights: Only Girl (in the World), S&M, Man Down",0,0,"Mar 24, 2012"
6,"This album is such a complete party. But I think some songs in this cd have more harmony and dancing than the singles. 'Man Down' is boring, 'Complicated' or 'Skin' can replace this single, I think. But, in general, the album isn't so bad, I just think that a little more of work can transform this in something far better.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2013"
7,"This album is a unique pop album and seems like a effortless one-off. Rihanna goes a little back to her Carribean roots with songs like 'Man Down', 'Cheers' and 'What's My Name?' and also ploughs in a new musical direction, Overall the album is colourful and is like a bright day down at the beaches. Good On You Rihanna",0,0,"Dec  1, 2012"
10,"Her best effort to date ! From S&M until Love the Way You Lie (Part II), the album is a complete masterpiece. One song that bothers me is Raining Men with the awful Nicki Minaj. Apart of that it's awesome!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2012"
9,"This is one of Rihanna's shorter albums but it also happens to be one of her best as I felt it delievred the best singles. All the songs bring their own little something to the album and it even has Rihanna's own take on the Enimem smash 'Love The Way You Lie'.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2013"
10,"Just A Perfect Album!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2012"
2,"There are only 3 good songs on this album and the rest is filler. The good songs are S&M, What's My Name, and Only Girl (In the World). None of these songs are unforgettable, even though Only Girl the most solid song among the three worth listening to.",0,0,"May 22, 2013"
8,"Incrvel. Um Ano Aps O Quarto Album 'Rated R' Rihanna Conseguiu Cances Muito Boas Na Maioria.
Top Do Loud.
1-What's My Name
2-Cheers (Drink To That)
3-California King Bed
4-Fading
5-Only Girl (In The World)",0,0,"May 25, 2013"
9,"Although 'Good Girl Gone Bad' is album that Rihanna is best known for, it was 'Loud' that established her as a pop and R&B diva and one of the biggest hit-makers on the world (and my favourite singer). Singles like 'Only Girl (In The World)', 'What's My Name' and 'S&M' became the biggest hits of both 2010 and 2011. Reggae inspired 'Man Down', vulnerable rock ballad 'California King Bed' (smash hits in Europe) and sensual 5 minutes of heaven called 'Skin' are some of the best songs Rihanna have ever made. She also improved her vocal abilities on songs lik 'Complicated' or 'Love The Way You Lie II'. During the promotion of the album  she collaborated with some of the biggest names in the music industry like: Guetta, Drake, Eminem, Minaj and even the pop princess  Britney Spears. It truly deserves this rating.
9 out of 10",0,0,"Jul  6, 2013"
10,"Rihanna's best album, and one of my favorite albums ever.  Every song is amazing, and she made up for her 4th album, 'Rated R'.  The best song is 'S&M.'",0,0,"Mar 23, 2014"
6,"Serving as a lighthearted return to pop for Rihanna,  Loud boasts salacious and provocative lyrics that offer more than gimmicks of 'S-E-X'. The perfection however lies in that this album was carefully calculated to the point of being front-loaded. The latter third of the album weighs down the pacing, and scrapes the bottom of the pop barrel (the same flaw with her third album, Good Girl Gone Bad.)",0,0,"Aug 30, 2013"
9,"I must admit, I receive this album as the most commercial among all of her CDs. It means nothing, because it is still brilliant. Commercialism made by Riri is diffrent than stuff from Pitbull. My faves are 'Cheers', 'California King Bed' and probably the most influenced by Euro-dance 'Complicated'. I adore image of Riri while promoting this great album. She is just a lioness  RAW:D",0,0,"Nov  1, 2013"
10,"Her best album, DEFINITELY. The chorus are explosive, and she mixed many rhythms together, and they're all good. After Rated R, I think she put in a record multiple hits. Congratulations, Riri!",0,0,"Nov  6, 2013"
9,"Rihanna goes back to the club-ready hits of Good Girl Gone Bad with her fifth album, Loud. This record produced some of her best singles yet like 'S&M' and 'What's My Name?' She has some great collabs with Drake, Eminem and Nicki Minaj, and Loud isn't just pop-dance songs. It's got some great songs that evoke her previous album, Rated R, especially 'California King Bed.'",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"This will forever be a favorite pop album by many. It had the most #1 hits from all her albums, and it is still a forget-less album, the singles here were worthy, and still memorable.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
7,"With 'S&M' , 'What's My Name ?',and 'Only Girl (In The World)',Rihanna proves that she belongs to pop music, too. And most of the songs on this album sounds very interesting (happy) with both lyrics, rhythms , and the way Rihanna sings . Although the track 'Skin' is not that great as others are...",0,0,"Nov  1, 2014"
10,"HINARIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO pisou na Beyonc",0,0,"Jan 29, 2016"
7,"S&M 55/100
What's My Name 100/100
Cheers (Drink to That) 100/100
Fading 100/100
Only Girl (In the World) 15/100
California King Bed 5/100
Man Down 100/100
Raining Men 100/100
Complicated 5/100
Skin 100/100
Love the Way You Lie (Part II) 95/100",0,0,"Dec 18, 2014"
8,"Only Girl 100/100
What's My Name 100/100
Man Down 60/100
S&M 100/100
S&M (Remix feat. Britney Spears) 0/100
Cheers (Drink To That) 70/100
Who's That Chick? 100/100
Raining Man 80/100
Love The Way You Lie pt. 2 60/100
California King Bad 50/100
Fading 60/100
Complicated 60/100
Skin 60/100",0,0,"Mar 14, 2015"
7,"1. S&M 90/100
2. What's My Name? 100/100
3. Cheers (Drink to That) 85/100
4. Fading 100/100
5. Only Girl (In the World) 20/100
6. California King Bed 20/100
7. Man Down 100/100
8. Raining Men 70/100
9. Complicated 15/100
10. Skin 100/100
11. Love the Way You Lie (Part II) 65/100
Metascore: 69",0,0,"May 25, 2016"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
7,".......................................................................Very Good Album.........But even so have Bad,bad Bad Ones like the trash 'Skin' 'Raining Men' & 'Man Down'....... But the rest is part of one of Best Era of Rihanna...",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"Rihanna's best album!!! I love the songs,I love that she had a try on reggae music with Man Down, I love her voice, I love the collaborations with Nicki,Eminem and Drake.Thanks Rihanna for this album!!!",0,0,"Sep 10, 2015"
9,"Her 'dark' era Rated R is over. This album is full of catchy pop songs. Not Rih's best album, songs like Raining Men and Complicated are good but not necessary, the other songs make up for it though.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"O quinto album da cantora da Rihanna que e formado pelo estilo POP e o album que tem 3 singles que pegaram 1# na Billboard, e a 15 turne mais lucrativa feminina",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
8,"The most complete, well-structered and cohesive album by Rihanna. A record full of great songs, genres, that makes it an album full of hits, even until today.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is Rihanna's best album (along with Anti) to date. None of the songs feel like fillers and every song could be a single. Rihanna also showcases incredibly strong vocals and sounds much better than her overly processed vocals. The album flows very well and you can listen to it anytime without having to skip a song.
S&M: 10/10
What's My Name: 9.5/10
Cheers: 10/10
Fading: 10/10
Only Girl: 10/10
California King Bed: 9/10
Man Down: 10/10
Raining Men: 10/10
Complicated: 10/10
Skin: 8.5/10
Love the Way you Lie pt. 2 : 10/10
Total: 107/110 = 9.7/10",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
1,"Wow, Im shocked at these reviews, Not too shocked because Critics Overrate & Underrate thing all the time. Poor Rihanna, She thought she could pull off another B Collapse",0,0,"Aug 30, 2016"
10,"Notice that not one of those zero reviews make mention of one song on the album. I call **** **** This is a great pop record with some of the catchiest tracks I've heard this year; at the same time, 'Dear John' and 'Haunted' show talent beyond the basic stage she's at now.",20,28,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"One of the greatest albums of 2010. I'm disappointed because the singles ''Mine'' and ''Back to December'' did not reach the #1 of the U.S. Billboard. I think that the next singles must be: ''Better than Revenge'', ''Dear John'', ''Haunted'', ''Last Kiss'' and ''Innocent''",2,2,"Nov 28, 2010"
10,"When I think Taylor Swift I think Music Legend, Country Star, My Idol, and much more. She has definitely delivered an album that's even better than her last. Even if I think this album should have had a bit more country in it i still think its worthy of another Album Of The Year nomination. Taylor Swift writes songs from the heart and from real life and that is what makes us want to listen. With pure country-pop songs like 'Speak Now' & 'Mean' she begins to tell us a story, and with songs like 'Dear John' & 'Back To December' she tells us a confession. She has even stepped out of the box with Pop-Rock songs like 'Better Than Revenge' & 'The Story Of Us' which gives us another side of Taylor we haven't seen before. Each song in this album has a meaning and has the ability to capture an audience and make them feel an emotion a connection and a voice! Taylor has a talent and she has made use of her talent in this album, and this album is a great album.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2010"
10,"The best album of 2010 for sure, this album is one of the most spectacular pop/country albums that I've ever listened to. It is going to have a legacy on its own and its such a shame this wasn't the album that won Album Of The Year because it is shockingly better than her also amazing album Fearless. People who criticize this album have never even listened to it, the lyrical content alone should be enough because there aren't any other popstars who are making fantastic music these days. this definitely has a place on Rolling Stones 50 Best Female albums of All Time.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"Hands down. This is the best album Taylor Swift has ever put out. Just the fact that she wrote, composed and produced every single track on it is extremely impressive. This album is everything you could ask for being a country-pop influenced album, but I think the most important thing about it is that its lyrics are so deep diverse. Swift goes from singing about love on 'Mine' to break-up on 'Haunted' to dismissing critics on 'Mean' to singing about her crew and her band on 'Long Live' to childhood about 'Never Grow Up' and lots more. I'm tellin' you: this album has everything. Love it. Every single track shines in its way and they're all standouts. This album is proof, again, that Taylor is a perfectionist and that she never misses.",1,1,"Sep  7, 2014"
10,"So far the only word i can say about this album is 'WOW' ! This one is fantastic, inspirational, and emotionally deep as some of them really touch my heart - I almost cry after listening to 'Long Live'. No doubt she is a remarkable talent.",1,1,"Jun 28, 2014"
10,"Speak now is arguably Taylor's best album lyrically and musically. In this album she delved much deeper into her confessional approach to songwriting by writing solely all of the songs excluding 'If This Was A Movie' which is a bonus track. Here we saw Taylor, experimenting with different genres. She plays with her root genres which are pop and country and expands to alternative rock. She never stayed in one genre for too long. she conquered new territories and the result was flawless. Another amazing thing about this album are the epic lyrics. Here she took the 'Speak Now' phrase seriously and boy did she speak now.  She calls out her critics in 'Mean'. The song was very cleverly written it won her 2 grammys. She wishes she didn't grow up while showing a mature side in 'Never Grow Up' She apologizes to her ex in 'Back to December' and explicitly gives reference to sex in 'Sparks Fly'. She reminisces a lost love in 'Last Kiss', shows forgiveness in 'Innocent' and bashes a girl who stole her bf in 'Better Than Revenge'. Taylor didn't fail in the lyrics department and gave us two of her most amazing lines ever. 'You made a rebel of a careless mans carefull daughter from 'Mine' and 'people throw rocks at things that shine' from 'Ours' slays discographies. Another thing that one would notice about the album is how she pushes her voice. She shows how she has improved vocally in 'Dear John' and 'Haunted' where she belts out the climaxes while not losing her signature voice in 'Speak Now' and in the intro of 'Enchanted'. What I like about this album is that she didn't make this album to be radio-friendly. She didn't compromise quality over having hits. Most of the songs are lengthy and those songs are the gems of the album. They are just too long and too good to be played on the radio. Another thing that Taylor made sure was to make the album relatable to her fans which she always delivers with her albums. This album is a manifestation of Taylor's growth as an artist, and if this album is any indication of what she will become in the future, I am excited to see what she has to offer her coming albums.
This album is a manifestation of Taylor's growth as an artist, and if this album is any indication of what she will become in the future, I am excited to see what she has to offer with her coming albums.",1,1,"Sep 27, 2014"
10,"No weak tracks on this one. Taylor put her whole heart in the lyrics, describing different situations in her life that makes the album far from being monotonous. Excellent music, production and a better vocal performance that surpasses her previous album, 'Fearless'. Powerful tracks like 'Enchanted' and 'Haunted' give the album soul and colors, power ballads like 'Dear John' and 'Innocent' show Taylor's fragile side and complete the pieces in a good quality country album with a little essence of pop.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"I've never before heard an album that has experimented with so many different styles of music and succeeded at it. Her country story-telling style is still evident throughout the album in each and every song, but there is rock, pop and country all right there in one album. Speak Now is absolutely fantastic and shows the world that Swift is in this business for the long haul. She's not going to be a teen star who fades into oblivion (much to haters disappointment I bet).",7,8,"Oct 29, 2010"
9,"Wow what an album and it is even better than her previous effort Fearless.It is more mature and diverse.The lyrics are spellbinding and the music is not straightforward as it seems,plenty of twists.
Like it and definitely one of the best this year aside of Lady Gaga's.",4,5,"Jun 26, 2011"
10,"'Speak Now' is one more stunning creation in what is becoming a truly unique discography of a truly special artist. (Someday, instead of a greatest hits album, they'll just issue Taylor Swift's entire collection and call it 'The Story of Taylor Swift: A Woman's Real Life In Song' .) It's really amusing to see the jealous critics of this remarkable young artist saying  'the same old things'. Her singing on 'Speak Now' -- so moving in the tender and vulnerable moments, so powerful in its climaxes, so adaptable to all the musical styles used -- just gets stronger and stronger. Personally, I would love to hear any of those so-called 'technically superior' songstresses try to match Swift's depths of feeling on lines like 'I don't know how to be something you miss' or 'Run as fast as you can'. And 'Speak Now' incorporates so many diverse musical styles  --  sultry,explosive rock  ('Sparks Fly'),  punk pop  ('Better Than Revenge'),  big production pop ('Haunted'),  Roots Country  ('Mean'),  Folk ('Never Grow Up'), triumphant arena anthems ('Long Live'),  heartbreaking  confessionals  ('Last Kiss' and 'Back to December'),  and the blues exorcism of 'Dear John' -- yet Swift, effortlessly, sounds at home in any of those genres. Anybody who claims Taylor can't sing anymore, bring on your pretender  -- let her have a go at 'Dr John' (a song which may become Taylor's version of the Beatles' 'Hey Jude'  -- too long to be a single, but  too mesmerizing  to ignore, influencing music for years to come).",6,8,"Oct 29, 2010"
10,"This album was certainlly worth the 2 year wait.  The first time I listened to it I was completely wonderstruck and had to listen a couple more times before I could even come up with complete thoughts about each of the songs.  There is not a single song that is not worth listening to.  Every song on the entire album is relateable and sung emotionally.  The fact that it sold over a million copies on one week should be a sign for all of those who haven't bought it yet to go out and buy it, it's definately money well spent.",3,4,"Nov  6, 2010"
10,"Great album. It shows a lot of lyrical growth and her vocals have improved to. The songs are all really good and meaningful. The best songs are beck to december, better than revenge and mean. The only reason this is getting bad reviews is because saddos (like the ones she sings about in mean) are jelous and write bad reviews because they don't have jobs or lives. Best album of 2010 by far",10,14,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"First of all, everyone who rated this album 0, I'm betting you didn't listen to more than 2 or 3 songs off of it, if that at all.  Don't judge just based on past albums, or whether you think she has talent or not.  Honestly.  Now on to the review part...
I think this is Taylor's best album yet.  Me, being a huge Taylor fan, had high expectations for this album.  And I was ecstatic that those expectations were met.  I love how she is so down-to-earth and real, and not going and sleeping with every guy out there.  Listening to her songs is like reading her diary, and fans, such as myself, like that.  She has clearly matured in both her writing and her vocals.  Not that I didn't enjoy all the prince charming fairytale endings-- because believe me, I did-- but I really like the way her writing has changed.  She's still sticking to some love songs, because Taylor wouldn't be Taylor if her songs weren't about love.  But her love songs are maturing as well.  She shows a weaker, more vulnerable side of herself, like in 'Back To December' and 'Last Kiss'.  She's also clearly getting a lot deeper in her songs.  One of my personal favorite songs, 'Never Grow Up', is such a sweet, down-to-earth, and real song.  It's completely relatable to anyone who wishes they were a little kid again.  In 'Innocent', the song written for Kanye West and the VMA incident in 2009, she is forgiving him, despite what he did to her.  And in 'Back To December', she is asking for forgiveness and saying sorry herself.  It takes a person with a great character to admit that they're wrong and that they hurt you, and say 'I'm sorry.'  Especially for a celebrity.  She's showing that even celebrities aren't perfect.  They're still humans, and they screw up.  Taylor is an amazing girl in so many ways-- she's beautiful, both inside and out, she has an amazing personality, as well as great musical and vocal talent.  She's young, and she still has the rest of her life in front of her.  My only 'complaint' is that Dear John is a bit long.  It's still a fantastic song, but it's a bit long.  But I do like it.  Overall, this album is amazing.  I love Taylor and Speak Now!  (:",5,7,"Oct 28, 2010"
10,"Speak Now has a kiss and tell approach but heck, the songwriting is just good. I expected a downfall after a damn strong record named Fearless but she just topped that. The last three songs are great and I expect 'Dear John' to appear in some best of year;s list.Wow. Giving a grade of Zero is really unjust. I thought that this is her best album so far.",7,10,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"Hard to believe but Taylor Swift has outdone herself again.All the songs are consistently strong across the board with some standouts and some veritable masterpieces.It goes to show how having a singular artistic vision always trumps songwriting-by-committee.Too many 'artists' in the music industry over-rely on third-party songwriters to churn out soulless garbage that neither touches the heart or engages the mind.Thank goodness Miss Swift isn't one of them!",9,13,"Oct 27, 2010"
9,"This album is 2x better than Fearless. just like how Fearless was 2x better than her selt titled debut album. Taylor Swift has been known to write songs that are like reading a diary diary, which is continued here greatly, sush as the AMAZINGLY personal song: 'Dear John'. Swifty is growing up, andher music is too.",10,15,"Oct 26, 2010"
10,"Amazing! this is the word that describes this album! It's WAY better than her two previous albums by a landslide. This albums shows Swift's maturity as an artist and dwells deep into her personal life shown in tracks like 'Dear John'. My favorite songs on the record are 'Enchanted', 'Speak Now', 'Better than Revenge', and 'Haunted'. I recommend everyone to pick up a copy of this album, you won't be disappointed!",6,9,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"I'm speechless when listening to this album ( even when its title is Speak Now ! ). Just purely genius and amazing ! I feel charmed through every songs here. Surely a bunch of Grammy awards are waiting for Taylor again !!",7,11,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"Just awesome - awesome - I wish that 'Dear John' was a verse shorter but other then that it was perfect! Wish I could vote 9.5 but have to vote a 10 as Just because one song is just a little long does not mean that it is almost perfect!",8,13,"Oct 26, 2010"
10,"Throughout this album it feels like we have been going through the life of Taylor herself, going through every up and downs in her life and it is evidently felt in her album. The tracks are not arranged such as the fast songs and the slow songs, the good ones and the not so good ones, are apart. It is like a fast one then a slow one alternating in the album, which gives a sort of roller-coaster ride to emphasise the uneven road that she experienced.",3,5,"Oct 28, 2010"
8,"Speaking as a Taylor Swift fan since 2006: Taylor didn't bring her A game this time but how could she when Fearless was unmatched in every aspect (not to mention Album of the Year). Nevertheless, Taylor Swift is one of the few great song writers of her generation. If going Platinum in just one week isn't persuasive enough. I personally recommend listening to 'Enchanted', 'Sparks Fly' and my top play 'Speak Now'. Many of the songs on the album are over 5 minutes long but the more the merrier. I did find myself asking 'When is this song going to end?' at one point but that's the only negative I found in an otherwise outspoken album. I recommend this album to all Taylor fans but if you're new and on the fence then I highly recommend Fearless.",2,4,"Jan  3, 2011"
9,"This album showcases Taylor's growth as an artist. The highlights of the album are: Better Than Revenge, Sparks Fly, Haunted, Mean, Enchanted and Back To December. Overall, Taylor's transition is most evident in her second single Back To December where for the first time she blames herself for the demise of a relationship. This album is Swift's best record to date.",1,2,"Nov 21, 2010"
3,"Taylor Swift's latest release, 'Speak Now', finds her charting familiar territory in terms of song subject matter, and is filled with desperate attempts to appear mature.  Swift, who is sometimes criticized for her youthful lyrics, seems to be trying to escape these criticisms by adding a little spice to her sugary sweet image.  'Better Than Revenge', an example of Swift's desire to grow up a little, is a song drenched in Paramore-style production and ultimately comes off as juvenile and a little tasteless.  'Mean' is another child-like track that resorts to name-calling; it even attacks those who criticize her singing ability.  Ironically, her singing ability (or lack thereof) is the main problem with this album. 'Speak Now' is plagued with Swift's weak, breathy vocals, which are being modified by an abundance of pitch correctors throughout the album. Lyrically, there are few problems with Taylor Swift's songs; in fact, many of the songs on 'Speak Now' (such as 'Innocent' and 'Dear John') are well-written.  The fact is that these songs are just wasted when they are being sung by someone with such a lackluster voice.  However, it is refreshing to see that, among tons of pop songs with stupid lyrics, that there is one prominent pop singer-songwriter that can write somewhat intelligent songs.  Still, this does not excuse Swift's obvious lack of vocal talent.Another problem this album faces is that it is hardly a country album at all; the fact that this album is marketed as a country album is laughable.  Most songs from 'Speak Now' would sound out of place on country radio; the aforementioned 'Mean' is the only exception, and this makes it seem like a misfit on the album.  Swift has been walking a fine line between country and pop to this point, and it seems she has chosen her side.  The biggest potential problem with this album is the burnout this album may cause for Swift's career.  Everybody has heard Swift's confessional, tell-all love songs, but how many songs about the same subject will be released before people tire of it?  Only time will tell.",3,10,"Nov  2, 2010"
6,"First thing you must know, Speak Now is teen-pop album,not a country album. As we can see, Speak Now hardly has anything different from her previous albums, still boys and girls, girls and boys. Though this is maybe a great topic for a young girl, we do believe a talent songwriter should have more concern for other things around. Maybe she only writes about teenage love because she never grow up and probably she never will.Let alone genre and age, this time she does very great in some Rock songs like Haunted which remind me of Avril Lavigne. But most of the intended or pretended 'Country songs' (Except BTD, that's a hit!) are boring zzzzzzzzz. It's funny to imagine her singing those rubbish 'Country songs' with no one listening or singing those 'Rock songs' when her FABULOUS vocal performances make you and your cat scratch.",2,7,"Oct 28, 2010"
0,"Taylor in my opinion has created a Pop Album with Speak Now. I remember fondly how enjoyable Tim McGraw and Our Song were. Her vocals seemed far better back then. Now Taylor has straddled genres and it is clear to me that she desires to be a Pop artist.
I just finished viewing youtube performances of Taylor Live in New York and I  am personally shocked how truly bad those live performances are. I fully realize that she is incredibly popular and that  every media format seems to believe she is the saviour of the music industry, it still boggles my mine. I expect my doctors to provide excellent health care, my financial planner to provide sound investment proposals and yes singers to be able to sing on pitch and in tune. Silly me. lol",2,7,"Oct 29, 2010"
0,"Taylor Swift may be growing up, but once again, I'm THROWING UP!  Speak Now is pretty much the same as her previous two albums; Hack songwriting and terrible singing. The only difference with Speak Now, is that Taylor has become more lame and self-indulgent than ever...She is sure to continue her run of success with Speak Now, but that only proves one thing; P.T. Barnum WAS RIGHT!  There really is a sucker born every minute...I take comfort in knowing that no matter how many albums she sells right now, she will spend the vast majority of her life residing in the 'where are they now bin?'",7,27,"Oct 26, 2010"
0,"Speak Now is merely the diary of a 20 year olds personal problems with boys. The Kiss and Tell approach holds no interest to me. Releasing material that you believe is giving you the last word and attempting to publicly humiliate others is offensive to me. Vocally, Taylor has been studio perfected to the best that can be done with her weak limited vocal range,her live performances are....well for me painful to witness.",6,24,"Oct 26, 2010"
2,"Taylor was confirmed as a pop singer in her new album and how it can make use of a genre like country music to sell millions while she is destroying this genre, although her lyrics continue to be those of an innocent young girl and continue to generate a good image around it...is the same...always",2,8,"Nov  3, 2010"
0,"It's time to grow up Taylor. It's time to write songs that are relevant to people your own age. I don't understand how any male can listen to her lyrics and relate to them? Seriously, I think any guy who listens to her must only like the music, not the message. I think her music has absolutely no depth, and I also don't think an artist should get free points just because she wrote all her songs by herself. Her song subject matter consists almost solely of relationships. She can't even sing that well, every time I see her on TV, she is off-key. 'Dear John' is slander, and the fact that she has had that many celebrity boyfriends makes her seem like a total slut.",1,5,"Nov 27, 2010"
2,"Wanna try something different, Taylor? Sounds almost exactly like her last two album, and it's about the same things: love. And boys. Once again, she uses her terrible writing skills to slam ex-boyfriends and spit delusional images into teenage girls (like how you deserve the boy you want, even if he's taken; and how every break up is going to be perfect and dramatic and all boys secretly love you). Disappointed.",1,5,"Nov 25, 2010"
0,"First and foremost I am a Country Music fan. Speak Now is not in my opinion an album that should be labeled Country. It is very much a Pop release, in fact every 'Critic' review has also called the album Pop, the one exception is the track Mean, which is heavy on Country instruments.
To me the lyrics and messages delivered are spiteful and 'woe is me' in context. Taylor is rather self indulgent in her approach to share her past 2 years of life. The length of these songs is also a huge cry to listen, listen,listen to me, me, me, and mine, mine, mine. I'm extremely sad that Country Radio is willing to play this Bubble Gum Pop day after day. Country Music Fans do not want our format to be ruled by Pop artist!!",3,17,"Oct 27, 2010"
3,"+3 for exceptional song-writing.+0 for having no voice and having to make it up with autotune.+0 for originality.Not to mention all her songs sound the same. 'Mine', although lyrically different, is pretty much just a worse version of 'You Belong With Me'.",1,6,"Nov 19, 2010"
3,"Taylor Swift took 2 years to write songs that are not even #1 hits. Not saying that the album is utterly horrible, but taking 2 years to write songs that are not even hits on the Billboard 100, save Mine, is too long a time. Comparing this to Fearless, Fearless, without a doubt, is better than this album. Her debut week sales of 1.047 million albums are probably because of her huge fan group.Taylor doesn't deserve to sell that many albums when her music isn't that nice and mature compared to other singers like Mariah Carey, Eminem, Susan Boyle.",1,8,"Nov  6, 2010"
7,"This album is a bit of a disappointment. It has echoes of Fearless and for a sophomore album, that isn't good. It gives the impression that these tracks are all the ones that weren't good enough to be on the first album. While there are some tracks which are outstanding, you almost feel cheated after listening to the whole album. The whole 'i-love-you-but-daddy-thinks-you-ain't-good' lyric is getting old. The entire album truly feels like it was made up from a teenagers diary.",0,2,"Nov  2, 2010"
10,"Without doubt Swift's most confident and varied album to date, Speak Now manages to just beat the also pretty amazing Fearless in terms of song quality. Swift's vocals and writing are top-notch this time round, and not one song is a throwaway. The choruses are typical Swift fare, which is no doubt a good thing and the line-up doesn't suffer from the mild repetition her last outing did, which is impressive considering the hefty 22 song line-up in the Special Edition. Swift must also be commended for her song-writing ability, which is out in full force this time. All of this means that while Speak Now is on par with Fearless song-wise, the variety pushes it past the 9/10 of the previous album, and into 10/10 territory.",0,1,"Nov 12, 2010"
0,"depressing, all the worlds problems and all she cares about is nothing im portant, i mean did this girl live the most sheltered life in the world, i mean this album will make you depressed, i heard taylor turned muslim but not sure, i hope so cuz her albums neeed a lil substance beside highschool, i mean we are adults, and all the songs sound the same and are the same, her on her awful sounding guitar , simplr riffs and her below avg voice, i mean this is total crap 2, listen at your own risk, crap 0 out of 10, don't want my kids 2 be this sheltered and only think about herself and guys 24 -7 , crap u prob go 2 church and believe lies if you like this cd",0,11,"Jul 14, 2012"
0,"Taylor Swift! OMG drop acid to my ears, shoot me in the head, but spare me from the dumbness of this woman. Crap music, crap personality, a dumb person, sad people support this freak with money, but this is how masses think...",0,1,"May 21, 2013"
9,"Taylor Swift's third album is just as good as her second album, Fearless. I love how she wrote her songs with more maturity and affection. I especially liked the songs Enchanted, Superman, and Long Live. Her songs are longer than usual but it won't keep you bored. This album feels really personal as if she is letting us read her diary.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2012"
8,"Best album by Taylor Swift. I liked how diverse are the songs. It's good musically but lyrically, something is bothering me. Songs like 'Speak Now', 'Dear John' and 'Better than Revenge' made me wonder what Taylor really is inside. In my honest opinion, t's like at some point, she has a very narrow perspective at things. That's just what I think though.",0,1,"Jan 25, 2014"
10,"awesome album. a must buy. Has great songs including the famous hit 'Mine' and 'Speak Now', with some other great songs like 'Better Than Revenge', and 'Haunted'. Go and buy a copy this second, heck buy 2. that is an order soldier.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2010"
9,"While Taylor still has the stars in her eyes of being a teenage girl, she's also learning some of the hard gritty truths of adulthood, while her songs all sound similar in style and range, her lyrics continue to deepen. She continues to grow and as she does, her music does as well.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"Taylor Swift",0,0,"Feb 23, 2011"
10,"Brilliant album, one of the best this year. I don't get why people hate her. The songs have a mature sound to it and lyrics are creative as well as really truthful. Her singing has also improved greatly from before. Top songs are Back to December, Long Live, Speak Now and Mean. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2010"
7,"Jonathan Burger
2.14.11
Taylor Swift: Speak Now
Taylor Swift, a 20-year-old country singer, is on top of the world right now.  In just four years she has released three albums that have made her one of the most lovable pop artists of all time.  Although I have been hearing non-stop about this pop/country sensation for years now, I was never extremely interested in her music.  I don",0,0,"Feb 23, 2011"
8,"Handsomely produced and beautifully written, Speak Now is an all-time high for Taylor Swift -- and country music itself. While some of the tracks are a bit sappy and overly nostalgic, Swifts lyrics are like storybooks: poetic and in depth. Its lead single, 'Mine', is the perfect track for housewives across the United States, whilst 'Back to December' is -- what should be -- the perfect 'get back together' track. Beside the singles, the standout track -- which is, in fact, a ballad -- is 'Innocent'. Although some listeners may call it a 'sad publicity track', the lyrics insinuate so much more than a cry for attention.Overall, Speak Now is not the best album of all-time, but it certainly marks a new high for young Swifts blooming career -- we're finally taking her seriously.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2011"
10,"i think Speak Now is the best album of Taylor Swift, maybe better than Fearless. She writes songs with her heart, not like other artists, such as Katy Perry, Ke$ha and Lady Gaga. I am not saying that she is the best, but people really shouldn't criticise her too much, cause simple and childish is what we have forgotten, that's what Taylor has and we don't have!! Support Taylor and all her songs!!",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
10,"This album is her best yet! She puts her heart into everything that she writes and does. Her songs are catchy and heartfelt. I can't wait for her next album!!",0,0,"Apr 16, 2011"
10,"The album shows the vocal abilities and how sophisticated is Taylor Swift as a songwriter. It is a good sequel of her previous work as it expands its themes and adds new aspects of love, breakup and affection. Its lyrics are memorable and it will not be odd to hear some songs on a wedding. It touches people to their heart and they are fascinated with her excellency at the details of a description. Ms Swift must be very good at writing essays. All in all, the album follows every moment when we are in love or the end of a relationship.",0,0,"May 20, 2011"
10,"Easily her best album. Despite the silly user reviews that clearly haven't listened to the album, the lyrics show real maturity and the song isn't just about boys. Everything on this album is an improvement over Fearless--the singing, songwriting, and the music, which is more varied and less repetitive than Fearless. Songs like 'Dear John' and 'Last Kiss' show her strongest songwriting and pack an emotional punch without being cliche or overly sentimental. A real masterpiece.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2011"
10,"Taylor Swift has yet again released an album that reaches out to those whom love her and respect her for who she is and what she writes about ( usually break ups).  Her songs are catchy and easy to listen to and for those who are true fans, still enjoy her music even though she is slightly more country now",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
10,"Taylor does it again. With another Pop-Country masterpiece, Swift once again ups her game, improving upon Speak Now's wonderful predecessor Fearless, which in turn, improved upon her self-titled debut album. Tracks like 'Dear John', 'Speak Now', 'Long Live', and the album's best, 'Enchanted', mold together to make an amazing third studio album from Miss Swift, her best yet.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2011"
10,"Taylor cleverly blends pop and country as if it were her own genre. It also shows her growth as a songwriter and is far times better than her sophomore effort. Nice solid album and contrary to popular belief it's not the same as Fearless, it's way more varied musically than her previous albums, experimenting with rock, pop, bluegrass-y country and being successful at it",0,0,"Aug 31, 2011"
9,"Great improvement from Fearless. Most of the songs are beautifully written with touching lyrics and rhythm. Yet again so-easy-to-feel-related Taylor Swift's style. Some are just meh. But none I would call bad. Speak Now, Enchanted, Back To December, and Last Kiss are definite stars.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2011"
10,"Once again, she has truly outdone herself. Her songwriting skills are exceptional and her vocal abilities have improved. Songs that stood out to me were 'Back to December' and 'Sparks Fly'. Definitely her best album; can't wait for her next.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2011"
9,"AMAZING. I love her third album and she can SPEAK NOW all over the world....... All the songs are consistently strong across the board with some standouts and some veritable masterpieces
Go Taylor you can do the best than any other singers.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2011"
10,"I can not get over how wonderful this album is. To this day, every song is full of slightly autobiographical and very heartfelt songs. Despite a couple slow ones, I still love her divine, soothing voice. Good one Taylor!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"The third album from country/pop artist, Taylor Swift, is a combination of up-tempo country-pop songs, to slow, heart- wrenching love ballads. The album features 14 tracks on the U.S released edition, and is produced by Nathan Chapman, Swift",0,0,"Jan 23, 2012"
9,"What's the best with this album is that she wrote all the songs by herself. Here is where we can finally know Taylor. There's a lot of everything. We have country songs, country/pop songs, pop and something more. Lyrics are the best by far, and also the way she uses to express her own feelings. 'Speak Now' is, by far, her most mature album yet.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2012"
9,"Again repeating the fact that her previous album, Taylor presents the best pop album of 2010. From one track to a more vunervel that explores its most aggressive, this girl is another great and phenomenal gift to Pop And definitely do not want the guy who cheated on Taylor Swift.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2013"
10,"Amazing album, hands down the best Taylor Swift album in my opinion. Could listen to it on repeat for hours and hours. It has incorporates rock/pop sounds and also some country. This album is full of quite long songs and songs like Last Kiss and Dear John you can really feel her pain through the lyrics she sings. She is such a genius song writer.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2013"
3,"I did not like this album. Besides the songs: Back to December, Mean and Mine, I did not like the other songs. They were not catchy and her range is not exactly helping her out. The lyrics are stupid and not inspirational at all. Too generic to be a good album.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2014"
10,"Taylor Swift's 'Speak Now' proves why she is one of the best in the music industry. Staying true to her country-pop roots, this album has really good songs, even though it isn't that different from that of 'Fearless'.",0,0,"May 30, 2014"
10,"Such an amazing album. Swift really knows how to do it and she did. She is still doing. Dear John, Last Kiss and Enchanted are those songs 'song-so-long-but-so-good', they re so slow and long, but FREAKING GOOD! Better Than Revenge brings a pop rock thing, that really worked with Swift (Who knew?). Haunted is such an AMAZING music.
All of the musics are connected, even with different musics (like Haunted and Better Than Revenge) [about instrumental]. The lyrics are AMAZING, and so deep.
Just a thing: Taylor rocks.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2014"
4,"Speak Now is a step up from Taylor's previous two albums. There's a bit more creativity and the lyrics are sometimes pretty good (albeit still sappy), and for the most part it flows nicely. I guess if you're into country music this would be a decent enough album. That being said, this still really isn't my style of music. It's just so basic, so inoffensive, so corny. It's certainly a pleasant and fairly consistent album, but I have absolutely no desire to listen to it again.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2016"
8,"Track by track review:
1. Mine 10/10
2. Sparks Fly 10/10
3. Back to December 5.5/10
4. Speak Now 10/10
5. Dear John 6/10
6. Mean 10/10
7. The Story of Us 3.5/10
8. Never Grow Up 9.5/10
9. Enchanted 10/10
10. Better Than Revenge 10/10
11. Innocent 10/10
12. Haunted 10/10
13. Last Kiss 5.5/10
14. Long Live 8/10
Highlights: Enchanted, Sparks Fly, Haunted, Mine.
Potential singles: Mine, Sparks Fly, Better than Revenge, Speak Now, Mean/Haunted, Enchanted.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2015"
10,"It is Taylor's best album. In this one, Taylor show us personal experiences, like the broke up with Taylor Lautner, or the accident with Kanye West at the VMA's, bullying. The lyrics work in a way that only Taylor can do it. It's a masterpiece.
Mine 10/10
Sparks Fly 10/10
Back to December 10/10
Speak Now 7/10
Dear John 10/10
Mean 10/10
The Story of Us 8/10
Never Grow Up 9/10
Enchanted 10/10
Better than revenge 9/10
Innocent 10/10
Haunted 10/10
Last Kiss 9/10
Long Live 10/10",0,0,"Dec 23, 2015"
10,"this melody , the songs the way that each written word conveys the life of each one that yes is to be a true artist does not equal Katy perry which is a totally superficial artist and only think about marketing",0,0,"Jun 11, 2015"
5,"This is not a very great album at all. The critics who say that Taylor has made a masterpiece with Speak Now are gravely mistaken. The lyricism in this album is quite childish and immature, and Taylor never strays from her safe pop tendencies. Her country songs are not special or unique in any way either.
Do not buy this album if you are not a country fan or a Taylor Swift fan. It is not worth the purchase, but maybe worth the torrent.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"One of the finest female albuns ever made. 'Enchanted' and 'Innocent' are the production highlights, but the whole album, exclusively 'Mean', developed a succesful instrumental experiment. Taylor Swift has shown her poetry once again.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Speak Now is a masterpiece. It's Taylor's best record to date. Starting with (her probably best) lead single 'Mine', Speak Now sets high expectations. Though the record stays perfect without fillers. Highlights include the top 10 smash 'Back to December', the twice grammy award winning single 'Mean' or the title track. Yet 'Enchanted' might be the peak of Swift in everything: Lyrically, vocally, production wise. 'Enchanted' alone would get this album 10/10.
I suggest you to get this record asap if you haven't yet. It's vocally and lyrically her best one. And she wrote every single song by herself like when will your flop faves?!",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Speak Now is the best album of Taylor YES! (Red Poor), it shows her true side without 11 composers in a song (All The Single Ladies), or buy the almost complete composition of Bonnie (You make me feel like a ...), I think that if Taylor had taken 'Innocent' album would be a true work of art.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2015"
8,"Speak Now  um timo lbum de country. Taylor Swift transparece todos os seus sentimentos de forma magnfica e apaixonante. Porm, eu ainda prefiro o 1989.
Pontos Altos: The Story of Us, Mine, Long Live
Pontos Baixos: Never Grown Up, Better Than Revenge, Last Kiss",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
3,"I think that this album is much better then the new one however not as good as the old one. It has a couple of good songs. It isn't the best album that maroon 5 has ever done but it isn't the worst. Overall, average album with average songs.",2,2,"Jul 22, 2012"
3,"I hate this album. I hate Maroon 5. I like 1 Maroon 5 song and that's because I heard it when I was 7. Now that I'm 16, I'm much smarter. maroon 5 is the epitome of bad pop music. They try to be a rock band and they're more of a mediocre band you hire for a wedding.",1,1,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"To begin with... i some reviews bashing the album, does people should just go jump off a cliff. okay so maybe the album isn't MICHAEL JACKSON GREAT or the second coming of SAJ but it's still a good effort  and a good album by maroon 5. even when i heard it for the first time i was like'' okay not what i expected', but then the songs i didn't quite fancy grew onto me. In the end i realized these guys really wanted to try something different and the results aren't that bad. also people are saying the lyrics are pretty lame....i'd say 'simple' and sometimes that's not so bad(think apple). All in all maroon 5, hands all over....recommended.  favorite songs include: misery, i can't lie, runaway, just a feeling and how.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2010"
4,"Pairing Robert John 'Mutt' Lange with the band seemed great on paper -- his knack for pop hooks and glossy production would amp up the hooks in a band that occasionally veers close to blank funk.  Unfortunately, the opposite seems to be true, as RJMLange's perfectionism only serves to further flatten most of the songs -- and performances -- here.  Instrumental moments by the band (Maroon 4?) worth noting are rare, and so the record rises and falls on Adam Levine's vocals, which have always struck me as slightly bland in the first place.  I wonder what they would sound like if their next record was a live-in-the-studio offering ...",0,0,"Sep 22, 2010"
9,"What a great album, great mix of your classic Maroon 5 tracks with the more modern set of songs that resemble more of their 'It won't be soon before long' album. Blown away!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2010"
9,"I don't usually like this style of music, as I slant more towards harder rock and alt, but these songs are really good!  I really like the melody and tempo, and love songs without syrupy feel.  I usually expect a few duds as I get deeper into an album, but there really isn't a bad song here.  Recommended!",0,0,"Sep 26, 2010"
9,"Just as great as I expected. Only reason it's not a ten is because it's not quite as good as Songs About Jane, but these are a great group of songs, and I don't understand why critics aren't showing more love. Maybe because they're not used to pop music with well constructed melodies and rhythm that isn't an overly aggressive club beat.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2010"
7,"If you've liked the first two cds by Maroon 5, then this cd should be fine. I feel overall it's more of a return to their Songs About Jane sound with a small dose of their last cd thrown in. There is also a couple risky tracks thrown in with the title track 'Hands All Over' with its 80's rock feel (Mutt Lange written all over this one) and the country tinted closer 'Out Of Goodbyes'. Not bad songs in my opinion, but may not appeal to the diehard Maroon fans. Songs like the leadoff single 'Misery', 'How', and 'Just A Feeling' are sure to bring back some 'Songs About Jane' nostalgia. All in all, plenty to like here, but nothing that groundbreaking or fresh feeling to me. Still an enjoyable listen overall...7/10 from me.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2010"
7,"Good one! good sound, good music, still a bit of old maroon 5( to remember old Times)!!! The more you can listen to the cd the more you love it, but there still one thing missing and i don't know if it is the spark that the 'It Won't Be Soon Before Long' had. Its a  7 for me.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2010"
10,"I went to see Maroon 5 when they came to Australia, they sang all of the their hits. The concert went for 2 hours, it was the best.  I've been waiting for their new album but I didn't think they could make another album as good as the rest because I liked their older hits so much.  I listened to it once and thought it wasn't as good, BUT after 2 to 3 more times I was completely hooked and loved every song. LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT.  and Adam Levine  SEXY.....HOT",0,0,"Dec  3, 2010"
3,"Tracks like 'Misery' remind me of the good stuff from 'It Won't Be Soon Before Long', but most of 'Hands All Over' is comprised of generic hooks, (only) decent vocals, and repetitive song structuring throughout the album.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2012"
10,"So many good songs, not all can be released as a single. This album has songs that come into your soul.
'Moves Like Jagger' is on top of the world....",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
6,"Pretty decent album with a few good songs: 'Misery', 'Shutter', 'Give a Little More', and 'Never Gonna Leave This Bed' are just a few of the good ones.  The hooks are somewhat decent, production is decent, and the sound is catchy but I feel overall, its missing the kind of creativity that Maroon 5 had when they made 'SaJ' and IWBSNL.'",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
6,"There are some good tracks, and there are some poor tracks. The good tracks have some good pop stuff, clean production, and occasionally see some soul that recalls Songs about Jane. The not good tracks have a whine, thin voiced Adam Levine, with some generic to poor lyricism, and overproduced sound. Better than 'It Won't be Soon Before long' even though it is less consistent, especially towards the end.",0,0,"May  9, 2016"
9,"Now in my opinion, everything Maroon 5 releases is a 10/10 because they are my favorite band. But this isn't their best album.
Plenty of great songs such as Misery, Moves Like Jagger, Give A Little More, Stutter, Don't Know Nothing.
Never Gonna Leave This Bed
But most of my favorites on this album are on the front half. The front half of the album would get a 10/10
The second half is alright 7/10. But some songs kinda feel like filler and aren't really as good as stuff from SAJ and IWBSBL
Overall 8.5 rounds up to 9. Maroon 5 is the best band ever. This just wasn't their best CD. Still awesome tho",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
3,"Unoriginal, boring and heavily autotuned, Shontelle only seems to have vocal personality on tracks such as Impossible and Perfect Nightmare and even the latter seems threadbare and dull, her voice stretching to it's breaking point. She has yet to find her place in music and with albums like this and her last, it raises the question of if she ever will.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2010"
7,"Shontelle isn't like Rihanna or other R&B singers, she's different. She has such a grabbing voice. Key tracks are 'No Gravity' and 'Perfect Nightmare'.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
2,"Boasting tunes so banal and repetitive, even early Rihanna would have rejected these tracks. The lone highlight, 'Impossible' stands among a sea of feces. The most salacious of lyrics come of as feeble, almost desperate. Shontelle is an artist clinging to Rihanna's shadow, and there she will remain.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
9,"Robyn is so much better, fresher, smarter and more talented than her female pop competitors that it is not even funny (and apparently, even the Vatican knows not to phuck with her). Comparing her to the likes of Kylie, Gaga, Ke$ha, Perry, Allen & co. is like comparing Mozart to Muzak. The second installment in the trilogy does not disappoint. It is strong, energetic, diverse, sassy and only slightly less successful that Part 1 but, taken together, those two mini albums even now make the pop album of the year and I am certain that the complete trilogy will be a serious contender for the overall album of the year.",0,1,"Sep  9, 2010"
10,"This is the year for the newcomers, and Robyn come with breakthrough on the pop scene with her powerfull, awesome and solid new job, i found something really amazing in her Body Talk Part 1, with her amazing Dancing On My Own or Dance Hall Queen, but this album prove that she continues growing in her passionate and advocate music, this is 'royal Pop', not the auto-tune effect in the mass teen-pop of this year...Robyn is the new talent and smart pop of this year, with a collection of tracks original, creative and the add of her expressive voice, this album mark her impressive style in various tracks, this album is more than i expecting of her Part 2, and Robyn come to the pop music with her refreshing and her amazing music, with the great job of two talent producers like Kleerup and Diplo",0,1,"Sep 21, 2010"
9,"Robyn is easily one of the best pop act, and this album proves it. Despite only holding 8 songs, it definitely stands out with the surprisingly dance-club vibe. A vast diference from part 1, this part focus on her sexual vibe-esque lyrics and addictive hooks to reel us in (most pop albums are). Her fate as a pop star worldwide is debatable (since America's holds a huge percentage), but as her fans I say go and create more damn good pop songs... and maybe a Konichiwa **** part 2... please?",0,1,"Sep 28, 2010"
10,"Probably one of the most danceable, and guilt-free albums of the year. Robyn is on fire, and keeps getting better and better. I can't say enough about this record, and I'm surprised the rest of the world hasn't caught on.",0,1,"Sep  9, 2010"
10,"I was very excited for Part 2.  I purchased it last night and I was very amazed.  The first track brought me in and I listened to the whole album two times through.  If you havn't checked this cd out yet...DO IT NOW!!!",0,1,"Sep 22, 2010"
0,"how much does it tells about a ranking site, when the highest position in music, voted by readers (aka this site users) is this Robyn!?!? I guess Pop lovers are just too old here, to admit they like gaga, riri or other top-10 stars. So to kill the guilt they surely dug that ol' lady makin her the queen of pop nowadays, and the queen of metacritic's music section... :( DAMN!This record is so average, and so quickly digested that, there's no even need to write about it a few months later after its issue.  ,",0,2,"Mar  2, 2011"
10,"What a tremendous release.  Tighter than Body Talk Pt 1 and just as carefree.  Robyn is an incredible talent who's lyrics are clever and, at times, tongue-in-cheek.  She's fresh and original.  Long live Robyn!",0,0,"Sep 16, 2010"
10,"There are very few albums that I can listen to from beginning to end and enjoy every song.  Little Voice was one such album, so I had high hopes for Kaleidoscope Heart.  Sara did not disappoint!  The album begins with a one minute acapella snippet that serves as a tribute to the album's namesake.  It's haunting and beautiful and perfectly shows Sara's gift for intricate yet subtle harmony.  There is a smooth transition into the next song, 'Uncharted,' which I'm calling right now to be her second hit single from this album.  'Gonna Get Over You' has a 50's doo wop feel mixed with an upbeat, bouncey beat.  'Hold My Heart' begins with a strong piano and blossoms into a powerful ballad fueled by very raw, honest lyrics.  'King of Anything' is a throwback to 'Love Song' in that it's driven by lyrics that give a big middle finger to drone music execs trying to force Sara into a typical pop mold.  As with 'Love Song' she succeeds in getting her point across to her label through lyrics that double as ones that can still be easily identified with by scored lovers all while maintaining a catchy hook and feel good music.  Very impressive.  'Basket Case' has a slight Alanis Morisette feel to it with a background harmonica, simple, straight forward singing, and self exposing lyrics.  'Not Alone' has a bluesy, breezy vibe that makes it hard to sit still.  Sara sings it with cool confidence, which is understated just enough to keep it from being cocky.  The album ends with 'Bluebird,' a gorgeous, tearjerker that is filled with emotion and beautiful vocals.  Overall, Sara once again produces an honest, moving album that seems to effortlessly put the other stereotypical poppy girls who get the majority of airplay in their proper place.  Kudos!",1,1,"Sep 15, 2010"
10,"I feel seriously stupid giving this album 10/10. I am not the person to give any album a perfect score. But this is the only exception. (Paramore reference, hehehe). ANYWAY, this album is an AMAZING effort. 'Kaleidoscope Heart' truly lets Sara's amazing lyricism show. The first single 'King of Anything' is getting lots of airplay, and increasing in digital sales. A good follow-up single would be 'Uncharted,' an uptempo song about having writer's block--it mention's the album title in it, as well.
TRACKS TO PAY ATTENTION TO:
-King of Anything
-Uncharted
-Bluebird
-Gonna Get Over You",0,1,"Sep 11, 2010"
8,"While her style may not be of my personal preference, what her music shows is a lively change over the first. While its songs not have too much of a long, 'drooly' effect as Gravity, it's a much better mix of so-so to masterclass music. 'King of Anything', 'Uncharted', and 'Let The Rain' are just a few of the good songs you'll find in her sophomore album. A Must-Buy? If you're not all against the culture of pop/chill music, then sure. If you are, well, try dipping your feet before going all-in.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2010"
7,"I love Sara. This album is good. I love the sound to her songs on this album. Very good song writing. very good folk-pop album. One of my favorite album of the year. Her last album was also good. If you love this album you will like her other album. I think ever body should listen to her.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2010"
10,"Kaleidoscope Heart is the third studio album by Sara Bareilles. This album mainly shows how Sara has grown as an artist. Four singles have been released from the album, 'King of Anything', 'Uncharted', 'Gonna Get Over You' and 'Let the Rain'. The album starts with a beautiful intro by the short 1:02 minute song 'Kaleidoscope Heart', which features an a cappella performance by Bareilles. 'Uncharted' begins with a small piano solo (and some small string accompaniments) then Sara jumps in and takes us for a sensational ride. The next track 'Gonna Get Over You' is feel-good, doo-wop song where Bareilles sings about how she is going to get over a (probably) failed relationship. 'Hold My Heart' a song that sounds as if it should come out of a movie with a love story, with strong vocals by Bareilles with beautiful piano to back her up. The album's lead single 'King Of Anything' showcases Sara's feelings over someone who doesn't listen to her and wastes her time, to which later she gets back at him by saying 'Who cares if you disagree, you are not me, who made you king of anything?'. This is a great song if you want to get over a past relationship, in which you want to get back at your partner. 'Say Your Sorry' displays the story of a circus artist, who Bareilles wants to apologize to her, but he will not use those words. Bareilles also says that she wants she wants leave to also 'It's not the curtain closing causing us to call it a day, I want to walk away to but I want you to say your sorry'. Her next track 'The Light' is a simplistic track filled with lots of emotion behind it. 'Basket Case' is free-from ballad, where Bareilles proclaims that she is a Basket case, which could mean that she is criticizing herself as if she was saying that she was a 'silly person'. 'Let the Rain' in the beginning of the song Sara starts with doubtful lyrics saying 'I wish I were pretty, I wish I were brave', later her personality starts to grow as does her voice, the melodies and the harmonies. This is a very R&B/Soul-like tune which evokes many feelings to the listener. Shocking this may be the title of this track does not sound like it should compliment the tune, however it does this song is 'Machine Gun'. In this track we hear Bareilles powerful voice take place, a great performance. 'Not Alone' has a blues/R&B beat, with Sara using her voice to form multiple harmonies, which completes the tune, arguably the best song on the album. Next in line is 'Breathe Again' another ballad with a somewhat dark and gloomy sound to it, lyrically a very powerful tune, Bareilles sings about someone she loves and that 'He's the air I would kill to breathe' and that she wishes to be able to breathe again. Finally 'Bluebird', a nice way to close the album, Sara compares herself to a bluebird and wishes to fly away like a bird 'This pair of wings worn and rusted, From too many years by my side, They can carry me, swear to be, Sturdy and strong but see, Turning them on still means goodbye'. But, in my opinion she also sings about how she has taken care of a bluebird and she wishes to follow him in his travels. It's not all over some special edition of the album include the song 'Carolina'. 'Carolina' is a country and rock song where we see a different and more sleek side of Bareilles, can also be counted as one of the best songs on the album. Overall Kaleidoscope Heart is wonderful and refreshing album full of great tracks and mystical harmonies which showcase Sara's evolution as an artist. This is a must-buy album which should receive more critical acclaim. Sara's vocals are strong, tasteful and passionate. Kaleidoscope Heart deserves 10/10!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2012"
10,"This is Lady Gaga's first remix album. 'The Remix' has a lot of great remixes. You can listen this album multiple times, again and again. I really like 'The Fame' (Glam as You Remix), 'Alejandro' (Sound of Arrows Remix), 'Dance in the Dark' (Monarchy 'Stylites' Remix), 'Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)' (Pet Shop Boys Remix), 'Just Dance' (Deewaan Remix) (featuring Ashking, Wedis, Lush, and Young Thoro), 'Paparazzi' (Stuart Price Remix), 'Poker Face' (LLG vs. GLG Radio Mix Remix), 'Poker Face' (Live at The Cherrytree House Piano & Voice Version) & 'Telephone' (Alphabeat Remix) (featuring Beyonc). I give this album a score of 10/10.",3,3,"Jul 28, 2012"
8,"Are all the remixes perfect? No. But doe sit accomplish what it sets out to do with style? Absolutely. Compared to remix albums other artists put out on a regular basis, this is a work of genius and it certainly  continues Lady GaGa's domination of the pop/dance world.",2,2,"Jan  2, 2011"
8,"Honestly I Love This Album! So Many Little Monsters Dont Like It, But Honestly Its Good! The Worst Song In My Opinion Is Just Dance Richard Vission Remix, A Few Songs Like The Fame Clam As You Remix Seemed To Drag Forever.... Overall Not A Bad Album.. I Like It Alteast... Just Dance Richard Vission Remix 1/10 (Worst Remix EVER)
Poker Dace LLG Vs GIG Radio Mix Remix 7/10
Lovegame Chew Fu Ghettohouse Fix FEAT. Marilyn Manson 10/10 (Great 2nd Best Remix)
Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say) Frankmuzik Remix 10/10
Paparazzi Stuart Prince Remix 10/10
The Fame Clam As You Remix 8/10 (Better Than The Standerd Song!)
Bad Romance Starsmith Remix 10/10 (A Little Strange, Some Beats I Wouldn't Choose)
Telephone FEAT. BEYONCE 6/10 (I Never Liked Beyonce, This Made Me Not Like Her Ever More!)
Alejandro Sound Of Arrows Remix 10/10 (The Best Remix On The Whole Album!)
Dance In The Dark Monarchy Stlyites Remix  7/10",2,2,"Jan  2, 2012"
6,"Well-produced remixes and loving the live performance of 'Poker Face'. Some of the tracks are boring though, and the album is way too long and gets dull after half of its tracks.",2,2,"Sep 10, 2011"
9,"Not bad for a remix album. My favourite track from the album is Chew Fu's remix on Lovegame.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
8,"'The Remix' is not filled with any new chart toppers, yet gives alternate angles to view Lady Gaga's music from. Giving die-hard Little Monsters another album to add to their collection, it also successfully attempts to attract new Electro/Dance music fans.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"why metacritic is not fair with everyone ? it`s not fair to make a review of a remix album because it`s not an album . if u want to make a review do with every singer of pop britney spears ,katy perry ,kesha ,etc etc i think the only porpouse of doing this its to allow bad reviews and count it for the general score of the artist so Metacritic have to delete the reviews for remixes and keep the review just for an album OK p.d where is the review for the remix album of u2, depeche mode ,etc? they are not good but it doesn`t mean that their albums are bad  ++",3,4,"Apr  7, 2012"
10,"why metacritic is not fair with everyone ?  it`s not fair to make a review of a remix album  because it`s not an album  . if u want to make a review do  with every  singer of pop  britney spears ,katy perry ,kesha ,etc etc  i think the only porpouse of doing this its to allow bad reviews and count it for the general  score of the artist  so Metacritic have to delete the reviews  for remixes and keep the review just for an album   OK   p.d where is the review for the remix album of u2, depeche mode ,etc? they are not good but it doesn`t mean that their albums are bad",8,11,"Nov 24, 2011"
7,"The album does not work out as a whole, however each track itself, not as an album, pull off something truely incredible. All the proof you need is in the 'Alejandro' and 'Eh Eh' remixes.",2,3,"May 27, 2011"
10,"why metacritic is not fair with everyone  it`s not fair to make a review of a remix album because it`s not an album  if u want to make a review do with every singer of pop britney spears ,katy perry ,kesha ,etc etc i think the only porpouse of doing this its to allow bad reviews and count it for the general score of the artist so Metacritic have to delete the reviews for remixes and keep the review just for an album OK p.d where is the review for the remix album of u2, depeche mode ,etc? they are not good but it doesn`t mean that their albums are bad. This album easily re-invents the song, some even more interesting than before",2,3,"Nov 18, 2013"
4,"opce",1,2,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"I looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo0000000000000000000000000000ve it!",3,9,"Aug 14, 2010"
0,"You'd think she'd take the chance to improve on her mistakes.",1,3,"May 26, 2011"
0,"What already sounded like a remix is now remixed again to sound somewhat different. If by different, you mean generic, boring, and annoying to listen to. I mean, Lady Gaga already repeated ''alejandro'' 50 times on the normal album version, why bother make it even more obnoxious? I fear for the future of music.",1,5,"Nov 16, 2011"
0,"awful album.",1,5,"Mar 23, 2012"
5,"I find remix albums pointless - They just got some amazing tracks, remixed them (and made them much worse) and put them together. I wouldn't buy this.",1,6,"May 26, 2011"
6,"The Remix shows that it's about time GaGa gave us something new to listen to and a couple of the songs drag on FOREVER, but this is hardly the worst remix album there's ever been.",0,1,"Oct  9, 2010"
5,"The remix album is okay. There are some really good mixes in here. good for parties and good to play at clubs. I like the mixes. The mixes does not make the song horrible. Some people doesn't like this remix album. This remix album is  okay nothing bad about it.",0,1,"May 20, 2011"
3,"Most of the time, remixes are bad. It destroys the original version. I advise, u don't have to buy remixes. I am contented with the original versions. The album are made for the die-hard fans.",0,1,"Feb 16, 2011"
10,"One of the best remixes I've ever heard! Maybe not all the remixes are good, but most of the album is! These musics are totally different than the original and are directed to clubs and parties.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2014"
10,"While The Remix is nowhere good as Born This Way: The Remix, it is, in fact, still pretty good. Obviously, you can't expect a masterpiece coming out of a remix album, so judging it too harshly feels somewhat unfair to me. I'll just say this: It's a great, solid remix album. Definitely better than most remix albums out there and it's definitely worth listening to.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Definitely nobody can listen to this album without wanting move all around and start dancing as Crazy Gaga, amazing songs of her other albums that everybody knew this time 'The Remix'",0,0,"Jan 29, 2016"
4,"this album is pretty good and pretty retarded at the same time. I listen to the whole album and i like the songs and at the same time i hate the songs. This album is horrible and good at the same time. Bad song writing but good songs. For some reason the songs are good. I think she could be a better rapper if other people write her stuff. The songs on the album gets tiring real fast. Listen to a song on this album about three time and you will get tired of it.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2010"
7,"7.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
5,"This is just a bad pop record. Bad production and bad vocals. The album does have some highlights with songs like 'Liberty Walk', 'Forgiveness & Love' and the infamous 'Can't Be Tamed' but other than those tracks the album is just so-so.",2,2,"Jun 20, 2011"
4,"This album is simply okay. While this album offers nothing new or exciting, Cyrus' transformation is an interesting phenomenon to watch and while she isn't equipped to execute this transformation productively, she is certainly moving in the right direction, but with autotune this heavy and weak, Kesha-esque dance numbers she certainly needs to step up her game if she wants to be in it for the long haul.",1,1,"Nov 23, 2010"
5,"Can't Be Tamed would've been her best record if she had not put the first three tracks in the album. These tracks does not fit her vocal capabilities and are simply annoying dance-pop tracks. In Permanent December, she sound like a baby robot. One thing that redeemed the album is her 80s sound pop ballads. The lyrics is beautiful. It is definitely the same Cyrus who sings her pop songs in a country way. The album's standout tracks are Two More Lonely People, Every Rose Has Its Thorn, Forgiveness and Love, and Scars. Next time, don't make the titles too long.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2010"
4,"this album was whatever. It wasn't that bad. I think Miley is trying to hard to be a bad girl. I can't really listen to the album. The songs on this album isn't good like the last two. This album was close to bad. I like the pop rock version of miley cyrus better. Miley is my favorite disney star and i think while i hope she bounce back from this album.",1,1,"Dec 11, 2010"
6,"Can't Be Tamed is not such a terrible album as people say. Of course that is far of being a great album, however we can find in it some really good songs like the powerful 'Can't Be Tamed', the sexy and noddy 'Who Owns My Heart' and the passionate 'Stay'. Is true that some songs are uninteresting like 'Robot', 'Liberty Walk' and others, but Miley is definitely more mature and a better singer that in the past. Much people judge her in base of her work as Hannah Montana, but we have to see the things as they really are: her work as Miley Cyrus is much better. I even can say that this album is better that a lot of boring and obvious albums of the pop artist that are called the best in the industry. Miley has a long way to go to become a great singer, but I think that she is in the good way.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2012"
5,"Although she has since separated herself from her Disney given sweet southern girl persona, Miley Cyrus made an attempt in 2010 to be her alter ego Hannah Montana whilst attaining a wannabe Britney Spears-esque 'good girl gone bad' image, which ended up falling flat on her third studio album as herself Can't Be Tame. Although Auto Tuned anthems such as album opener 'Liberty Walk' and lead single 'Can't Be Tamed' may reach to teens in her age group, Can't Be Tamed mainly revolves around cheesy pop ballads inspired by 90s bubblegum pop and Cyrus' southern country-rock roots are all but lost in the heavy production. Let's not even mention the worst Ke$ha impression ever performed in the overwhelmingly bubbly dance-pop ballad 'Permanent December'. 'Two More Lonely People' may be Cyrus' only achievement in this anti-rebellious mess, which ends up venturing her into country influenced synthpop territory that's still cheesy, but moderately pleasing at the same time. All in all, Can't Be Tamed is forgettable at best and should only please Cyrus' 'smilers'",1,1,"Oct 17, 2013"
8,"Best album of Miley, do not understand why the ratings so low by critics and by the people, the album is great in the compositions, vocals, in all, a great pop album.
Highlights: Permanent December and Two More Lonely People
Lows: Scars and My Heart Beats For Love",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"EL DISCO ES PERFECTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSACA SU LADO MAS ROCKERO QUE ES LA MSICA QUE LE GUSTA Y SI NO HUBIESE SIDO FILTRADO EL DISCO HUBIERA VENDIDO 3,5M DE COPIAS PERO SOLO VENDIO 1,5M POR LA PIRATERIA",1,1,"Mar 31, 2015"
0,"she is acting like a complete whore in this video and she is just trying too hard to have sex appeal and she just doesnt because she is still a minor.",4,5,"Jun 23, 2010"
2,"This is a very weak album. Most of the songs try to be dance pop songs, but the songs are not nearly the level of other similar dance pop songs out right now from Lady Gaga or Keisha. The production is horrible. Sometimes Cyrus sounds more like T-Pain than herself. The autotune was out of control as they tried to make Cyrus' songs more dance friendly or correct weaknesses in her voice. I am sure this album will sell well in the first week because of her popularity. However, if not for her famous name, this album would never sell.",2,3,"Jun 28, 2010"
0,"One of the worst albums of all time. William Hung move over! Ms. Cyrus has arrived in full on leather.",2,3,"Jun 28, 2010"
3,"Yes, she has a rich dad and she can make albums anytime!! but seriously, is there anyone can stop her? with this album she's trying to show the dark part of he soul. but she's still a kid and walking to these sexy things are so soon for her. nobody forget you dancing on Hannah Montana. the album can recieve the nomination for Worst Album of the year.",3,5,"Jun 28, 2010"
10,"If you really listen to all the songs of the album.it shows the world so much love!All your review is just base on your hatred towards Miley! Hate you people!",3,6,"Sep  2, 2012"
3,"Meh... it has some decent songs but the problem is is that Miley isn't that great of a singer and has such a limited vocal range that it just isn't as appealing as it would have been with an artist who is actually capable of singing. If you are looking for some generic but catchy tunes buy it but if you actually want to hear a real singer than avoid it like the plague.",2,4,"Jun 28, 2010"
6,"Miley Cyrus's new album ,she experiments with different beats and sounds. For example, 'Robot' is a electro/pop mix while Forgiveness and Love is a 60s vibe with a mellow country beat. Also with stinging lyrics and a fierce voice, Cyrus might prove the press wrong once again.",1,3,"Jun 22, 2010"
9,"Miley's third CD is a big step from her previous debuts and shows somewhat of a break from her Disney girl image. The lyrics and dance beats in most of the tracks are decent and catchy. Overall I really enjoyed listening to this album it is a fun, somewhat deep pop album.",0,2,"Jun 22, 2010"
9,"Miley is a much misunderstood entity of the music machine,often critisized and lambasted for doing what everyone does-mature and grow up.fans seem to want to keep her as wholesome hannah montana for all eternity,wheras miley herself,just wants to break that mould and become a singer/actor in her own right.This album,and most effectively the title track, is basically sticking a middle finger up at all the critics.Certainly a highly polished and auto-tuned effort but some very strong songs shine through.Give it a few listens and it becomes very addictive.",0,2,"Jun 26, 2010"
10,"Miley has made a lot of efforts on this video. All songs are very nice according to her age and i loved the collection. Long Live Miley",0,2,"Jun 27, 2010"
8,"lets get to it the title song 'Cant be Tamed' is just to grown up and immature for her age. The new dance pop sound is amazing, but at times could be compared to ABBA, and Lady Gaga, like in the song 'Who Owns My Heart'. The best song is 'My heart Beats For Love'. Why? Well it's mature, emotional,and has important message.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2010"
8,"Miley really make progress with Can't Be Tamed. She shows to us that she's not a girl anymore, now she is a woman and a bad one. She is an good girl gone bad, and Can't Be Tamed is the proof.",0,1,"Dec 14, 2010"
7,"The overall production isn't a complete waste, as it does produce gems like Can't Be Tamed (by far the standout track), Who Owns My Heart, Two More Lonely People and Stay, but it falls completely on it's face with the mess of a cover of Every Rose Has Its Thorn and the irritating Permanent December. Not up the the usual Miley standards of catchy-ness, Can't Be Tamed is ultimately a good dance record, but not the kind of thing careers are defined by.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2011"
8,"i really like this album because she is not the same stupid Hanna Montana girl , now is Miley Cyrus and i think that this album is so good,  no the best  but it's good , some songs are so amazing and different like can't be tamed and who owns my hart are really amazing songs, the cd art is bad but i don't care",0,1,"Jan  7, 2011"
10,"ok, so I'm a 'little' biased, because I'm a big fan of Miley Cyrus, but I must say, even if I wasn't a fan of hers, but a fan of pop/dance music in general, this album is one of the best I've ever heard. Of course, with good there must also be bad, my only complaint is the use of auto-tune on a few songs, which is very lame, but other than that, I love this album and want more just like this!",0,1,"Jan 26, 2011"
9,"Miley breaks free from the 'good-girl' image and gets more sexy. The singles are really good, especially My Heart Beats for Love, Can't Be Tamed, Every Rose Has Its Thorn and Who Owns My Heart. Stay could have been better but it's a really good ballad.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
0,"Do any of us need to pretend that there is any hidden talent in this pop disaster? No. This is garbage and belongs in the dump. It boggles my mind how paid critics think this is musical genius while the actual public buying this trash refutes it as just that; trash.",0,2,"Oct  7, 2013"
6,"FDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDG demais FDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGDFDGFDGFDGFGFDGFGGD",0,1,"Apr  3, 2015"
5,"Can't Be Tamed shows how Miley's music has changed since her Hannah Montana's days, despite the evolution, the songs of the album are not even catchy, the chorus of the self-titled song is annoying and very repetitive. Miley Cyrus is trying to do dance-pop hits like Katy Perry or Lady Gaga, but she needs a better producer (than Rock Mafia) or get back to the The Climb era.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2010"
5,"I won't call Cyrus 'untalented', that'd be a lie. But I will say that Can't Be Tamed fails at showing Cyrus's maturity. While 'Who Owns My Heart' shows a more seductive side of Cyrus, and no doubt shows off her attractive vocals, 'Liberty Walk' and 'Every Rose Has Its Thorns' seem to show a bit of weakness when it comes to uniqueness. While the album's lead single, 'Can't Be Tamed', is not a bad dance track at all and is lyrically valuable, it refuses to stand out. Cyrus has fantastic intentions, and she'll no doubt blow our minds someday, but right now, let's focus on drifting her from Disney.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
4,"Miley is really far from perfection, but this album is not that bad, it may have dull songs as Who Owns My Heart, Forgiveness and Love and My heart beats for love, but it has average songs, like liberty walk, scars and every rose has it's thorn,can't be tamed , and good songs, like robot  and stayis not good at all, but not bad at all",0,0,"Mar 17, 2011"
4,"Lacks any kind of originality and just isn't that creative of a record. Though tracks like 'Who Owns My Heart' show us that Cyrus can in fact be irresistible, the rest of the album is just too generic and dumbed down by poor lyrics and an overuse of Auto-Tune.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2011"
9,"Can't Be Tamed is a perfect name for a diverse and eclectic, yet contained album. Miss Cyrus tries out several different styles on this electro-pop album, from Fleetwood Mac-esque ballads such as Forgiveness & Love and throwback Britney Spears on club bangers such as Who Owns My Heart. She holds her own on each song, proving she can sing with the rest of her older contemporaries. The bottom line is, Can't Be Tamed is NOT a one-dimensional pop album with songs predominantly about partying and being promiscuous as many of her peers have. The young Miley addresses such issues as breaking free from an abusive relationship in the dance song Liberty Walk, gay-equality and activism in My Heart Beats For Love, and wanting to re-kindle a fading flame in the surprisingly mature Stay. While the blend of almost soulless electro-production from Rock Mafia seems out of place with the worth-reading lyrics of the album (many of which were penned by Cyrus herself) Can't Be Tamed is a free-spirited, abstract piece of art rather than a 99 cent painting on a rectangular canvas.Rating -- 9/10. The Princess of Pop in training puts effort into breaking free, and she shatters the barriers effortlessly.Top Tracks: Liberty Walk, Robot, Who Owns My Heart, My Heart Beats For Love.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2011"
8,"Musically speaking, wonderful album, well-organized, excellent job. If I don't know the meanings of the lyrics and the artist herself, I'd say it could definitely hit the platinum mark. But it's Miley Cyrus who made the album. It's Miley Cyrus! We know she can sing very well and she is widely popular among teenagers, but It's not okay to force-give a teenage girl's album a dark, sexy kind of feeling, especially when the main audience are actually teenage girls. The world has known Cyrus since she was 14 and started dancing in a blond wig and singing 'The Best of Both Worlds' on TV. She was an international role-model for the children, they admire her as much as the president of the United States. She made a change that's inappropriate for an 18-year-old girl, and that's frowned upon, not by your fans, but by America. The album has indeed many favorable highlights, yet poorly known because of the album's controversy. Sorry Miles, but if you gonn' be like that, you ain't gonn' go a long way...",0,0,"Jul 18, 2011"
3,"Miley Cyrus breaks loose, sure, but what about her fans who still think she's Hannah Montana?  Doesn't that bother you that kids as young as four are listening to music about stripping, pole-dancing, and the like, just because their idol decided to make a quick change to a promiscuous, foul, bad role model?",0,0,"Aug 11, 2011"
5,"'Can't Be Tamed' treads rocky territory even as a concept. While Miley may be an adult now, that doesn't stop the teen-pop familiarity from leaking through the numerous cracks in this album. The title track is in fact one of the blandest songs on the album, with a bizarre stomp-crash beat. Paired with repetitive, whiny croons of 'I can't be tamed/blamed/changed', the track makes less than a good impression of the album. Cyrus seems so bent on proving herself to be 'mature' that she is willing to take a suicide dive off her safety net that is Disney. The few songs that have decent pop melodies lose their credibility when they are mixed with excessive Auto-tune, cheap lyrics, and tired beats (most notably 'Permanent December'). The album has a difficult time choosing between bitter teen angst ('Robot') and alternative riffs with unsettlingly dark tones ('Stay'). Even the closing ballad, while a gem of a simple pop tune, becomes a slave to producing techniques that reduce it to a B-side track that was stripped of its promise. Growing up is about a lot more than being louder and brasher. And it seems that  Cyrus still needs to learn that if she wants to hold on to her fans, Tamed and the unlike.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2011"
8,"One of the few American pop singers who can actually sing. Miley Cyrus is great and I like how she got out of her girl next door period to sing about who she is.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2011"
4,"Surely this is the worst album of his career. Overall looks like a cheap imitation of the current pop vocals with little convincing. There are few songs that are saved in the midst of this disaster, including the title track 'Can't Be Tamed', 'Permanent December' and 'Liberty Walk'.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2011"
1,"stop trying to be Britney spears, Ke$ha, Madonna & Lady Gaga. Ur music is not good at all. So give it up and go smoke some more and ruin your life some more",0,0,"Feb  3, 2012"
8,"Maybe a flawed production, but her songs are from the heart and the dance-pop songs are fun to listen for everyone like,'Permanent December', 'Can't Be Tamed, 'Two More Lonely People', 'Liberty Walk' and 'Who Owns My Heart'",0,0,"Mar 30, 2012"
10,"I think this album is great! It is the very first (and up to now, only) album that captivates me with its every single song! And come on people, she is growing up! She's not cute, innocent Hannah Montana anymore! She's the one and only Miley Cyrus!!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2012"
8,"At ento, o Breakout continuava sendo o melhor lbum da Miley. Mas Can't Be Tamed no fica muito atrs. Gosto muito da maioria das letras, com destaque para Liberty Walk, Who Owns My Heart, Can't Be Tamed, Two More Lonely People, Permanent December, Stay, Scars, Take Me Along, Robot, e My Heart Beats For Love.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
5,"Oh God NO, she Can't Be Tamed, cause she's Built Like That. Rock Mafia I love you guys to death and glad to work with you guys but, she Built Like That. Oh God No. Let's go by song. Liberty Walk: I enjoy this song, great lyrics great beat Id give it a 4 1/2/5. Who Owns My Heart: Sloppy lyrics but infectious beat 3/5. Can't Be Tamed: Great sound, but my God the lyrics are all over the place and she sounds like Kanye 'Im the best thing to happen to this world', no, no, no 3/5 for the beat. Every Rose Has Its Thorne: Love the sound and lyrics but her voice isn't right for the song 3/5. Two More Lonely People: One of my least favorites half good beat and half good lyrics but not a half score song 2/5. Forgiveness and Love: I actually have nothing bad to say 4 1/2/5. Permanent December: Not a fan to auto-tunie all over the place lyrics and odd beat 2/5. Stay: Couldn't make it through but 2/5. Scars: I actually enjoyed it the beat at the beginning sounds good 4/5. Take Me Along: 2/5. Robot: Usually when she does things like the Oooohhhh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Ohhhhhh thing I hate it, but the beat that played with it turned that around. 4/5. My Heart Beats For Love: I dont k now mixed feelings 3/5. All in all this album is too much and too little and too self obsourbed. 5/10. Miley please never do a Can't Be Tamed, cause Im Built Like That song again. FYI your voice isn't even that good. Demi Lovato, Zendaya, Aly Michalka, AJ Michalka, Ashley Tisdale, Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez, McClain Sisters, Coco Jones, all have better voices. You were just the biggest star thanks to Hannah Montana, but I will honestly say I am looking forward to your next album cause you do make some good songs. And please don't entitle it 'Danger Zone'. ehhhh.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2013"
10,"I've loved this album since I first bought it in 2010. It's my favorite Miley Cyrus album (having heard Bangerz already), it was a critical and commercial failure due to her racy and provocative image in her music videos, but I honestly didn't care for that and I actually appreciated it, as it was her way of telling people: 'I'm independent and I can't be tamed'. I do think that she lacked a backup plan at the time and the negative backlash made her transition ineffective. The album has electronic and techno influences, with dance anthems and electronic ballads. 3 years after its release, I still enjoy it, it brings me good memories.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2013"
2,"Miley has a good voice and a good style, but do not know to use any of the two factors here, it gives us nothing more than the conventional, with a vocal totally full of auto-tune.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2013"
8,"I am giving this album a positive review, particularly because she is one of the few singers who can handle the autotune live. Her songs 'Can't be Tamed' and 'Who owns my Heart' are the highlights of the album. Even though she has received flak for her provocative image, her songs are still catchy, and sprinkled with a pinch of autotune to give it a great finish.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2014"
8,"This album made me come out of the closet so I'm pretty proud of this album. Liberty Walk, Who Owns My Heart and Can't Be Tamed made me find out who I really am, those ones are really powerful. I'm not into Scars and Robot because of the synth rock that I'm not into. I've always liked any songs of this album. The sounds are so powerful! Love it",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
10,"This album was incredible. The only thing wrong with it is the over use of auto-tune. The highlights of it were 'Take Me Along', 'Forgiveness and Love', and the LGBTQ suport themed 'My Heart Beats For Love'. 'Stay'and listen to the album that guides you through this rebellious point in Miley's life.She shows that shes not a 'Robot' and that she 'Can't Be Tamed'. She's a girl thats set free taking a 'Liberty Walk' and reminds us that 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn'",0,0,"Mar 30, 2015"
10,"Um lbum intimo, feito com carinho e amargurado pela crtica e mdia, foi uma era que deis do comeo j tinha dado sinais que no iria se dar bem, dito e feito, mas isso no faz com que o lbum seja ruim.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2015"
10,"RAINHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HINRIO INJUSTIADSSIMO",0,0,"Apr 12, 2015"
1,"Do any of us need to pretend that there is any hidden talent in this pop disaster? No. This is garbage and belongs in the dump. It boggles my kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
10,"A lot of people do not understand this album, the reason of it. The production is not so good, but about the lyrics there is no one bad, if you know what those lyrics are saying.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2015"
10,"Me gusto mucho este disco, es uno de mis favoritos y demostr toda la sensualidad que tenia atrapado en su papel de nia buena. Muy Sexy en serio muy buenas canciones y videos!!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2015"
10,"Can't Be Tamed  muito bom, e com certeza  o melhor lbum da miley, mas a divulgao dele foi horrvel, fora o desperdio de singles, as minhas faves so o lbum todo tirando 'Forgiveness and Love' e 'Two More Lonely People'",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"The opening song 'Liberty Walk' and 'Robot' are both amazing and promoting freedom to be who you want and fight for your writes, very well-written. 'My Heart Beats For Love' and 'Forgiveness And Love' are very good relaxing songs about love, accepting and peace, also for the LGBT community. 'Who Owns My Heart' is a gread dance song. I love this whole album.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2016"
7,"Miley Cyrus puts all her efforts into displaying an edgier look. I loved 'Can't Be Tamed,' 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn,' 'Permanent December,' 'Stay,' 'Scars,' 'Take Me Along,' and 'My Heart Beats for Love.' In songs like 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn' and 'Stay,' her vocals prove to be strong; on tracks like 'Can't Be Tamed,' she shows off her transformation into a more provocative sound.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2016"
4,"This is her worst record to date, and though I like some of the songs, the record as a whole it's just not good - it sound generic as **** and has that cheap boring production.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
0,"For the people who says, 'Is the album of the millenium'
Please, wash your ears, and listen to good music!
This is so disgusting,it has bad lyrics, my ears are crying blood! Please, Cyrus, don't do this again!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
8,"This could be a very good pop album, despite there is a lot of autotune when in some parts you can't even identify Miley's southern voice. However, the lyrics are pretty amazing.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
10,"I don't get some of the 'professional' reviewers? This album is in many, if not in every way, an extraordinary album. Sia's voice is like the heading & the leading thing here. She do have her very own voice and this is proven on this record. The lyrics a chunky, funny and just real! We need more of that kind. You can hear that she's having fun on this one. This is her first uptempo album, & she's doing it really great. This album is a summer cracker. I've heard it over & over again that summer 2010, and still doing it today. What can I say; It makes me feel comfortable with lots of things. This album puts a smile on my face. Still to remember, that there's songs like 'Be Good To Me' & 'I'm In Here' + her cover of Madonna's 'Oh Father' - these are the downtempos genuine songs on the album. You have to listen to this album! Highly recommended! Shortly: The voice works, the lyrics are amazing and the music is just so tripping forward the joy to remember this one.
10/10 in all. First & foremost cause' of its originality & lots of joyfulness and the confusing thing, which we all know & have been caught up in a awkward moment, and of course when it is in its best & at the right time.",3,3,"Oct 15, 2011"
7,"I wasnt originally going to download this album. But after hearing some of the songs from this album (The Fight, Clap Your Hands and Youve Changed), it would be a mistake not to download this album.
And in order to compare her latest album 1000 Forms of Fear, I need to review this previous album because I noticed the different tone of sound between those two albums.
What I liked about this album is Sias persona as a colorful, quirky, Bjork-esque singer based on the sound of this album. I like colorful artists. It makes me feel happy in the inside.
The theme of this album is very focused and does not change in mood at all. Its all about being happy and upbeat. It may sound mainstream but it does not sound generic at all.
I loved the production here from Greg Kurstin. I always like how he produces non-generic music with other artists. He is a good collaborator and the fact he is the sole producer for this entire album amazes me.
Sias vocals is harmonious and it fits to any genre. Whether its a ballad, or pop or R&B, Sias vocals can fit to any genre of music.
If it wasnt for the bonus track which is a piano version of Im in Here, the album would end very abruptly. I did not like how the cover of Madonnas song Oh Father is the last song of this album but the sad, piano version of Im in Here is a good song to end this otherwise, happy album.
This album launched Sias career further thanks to her vocals, brilliant, happy, up-beat production from Greg Kurstin. For old-time Sia fans, her fans will feel nostalgic from this album, back to the time when she faces everyone in the audience without fear.",2,2,"Jul 12, 2014"
8,"While this may not be Sia's strongest album,  it is still fantastic in its own right. Instead of her chilled, hip hop beginnings, or jazz-fuelled pop of her last attempt, this is first and foremost a pop album, and should be treated as such. It is inventive (compared to most mainstream pop) but still lacks the bravery of her last three albums.",1,1,"Oct  8, 2010"
10,"Been listening since I got it,I can say that the songs are very well written,good instrumentals,great track order and flawless voice.You'll never regret about this Sia's work.",1,1,"Nov  5, 2014"
10,"We Are Born is from far the black sheep on Sia's discography - pop songs with heavy instrumentals and happy lyrics - but who said it was a bad thing? For sure, tied with Bionic, We Are Born is the most underrated album released in 2010.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
4,"Most of these songs just bore me, and I'm not a fan of Sia's songwriting personality on this album. I don't understand how people are liking this album. It's not completely horrible, but come on, there's nothing inspiring about these songs. Favorite track: Cloud",0,3,"Oct 13, 2014"
10,"The album is Funny and good, 'Bring Night' is the best track of WAB
you can hate 1000 forms of fear but it's impossible hate we are born
it's sia best album",0,0,"Jan  8, 2015"
8,"A surprisingly fun collection of good and great songs. Usually I've felt that Sia has written her best stuff for other artists, so I'm glad to see that she's actually letting herself shine on this album. The songs are upbeat and many of them are catchy, but it's Sia's vocal delivery that really stands out. In my opinion this is her best and most consistent album. Standout tracks are Clap Your Hands, Stop Trying, Bring Night, and I'm in Here.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2015"
8,"Another solid effort by Harcourt. The highs aren't quite as high as on his last effort, The Beautiful Lie, but overall, very solid throughout and a solid expansion of his sound while not really changing the elements that make his music so endearing.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2010"
8,"Not at the level of her previous two albums - but still a great record. Her vocals are not really shown off on 'Bionic', and she probably tried to copy Gaga too much, that's why it flopped. I think she's been herself.",2,2,"Sep 13, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera is back again telling all the others who has 'the voice of the generation', the album is a mix of genres but it's still perfect! The best album of 2010!
For me the best tracks are: Bionic, WooHoo, Not Myself Tonight, Elastic Love, Prima Donna, Glam, All I Need, I Am, Sex for Breakfast, You Lost Me, I Hate Boys, Stronger than Ever (deluxe) and Little Dreamer (deluxe)!
I only disliked Bobblehead (deluxe), not that it counts...",1,1,"Feb 25, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera goes from retro Baby Jane to futuristic Madame X in her fourth full-length studio album. The album's inspiration resonates from her pregnancy and life and feeling like a full-accomplished superhuman character, much like a Bionic woman.
The album is filled with different types of electronic songs and eventually transitions into songs of full-emotion and vulnerability. The album ranges from different types of songs and clearly proves that Christina Aguilera can do pretty much anything.
My favourite songs are Desnudate, Prima Donna, Sex For Breakfast, Lift Me Up, I Am (Stripped), Vanity, Birds of Prey, and Stronger Than Ever. The only song that I don't favor so much would be Elastic Love, as it strikes rather boring to me, but I do like it's electronic elements. All the ballads are wonderful and it's nice to see all this wonderful dance music from Christina.
I give this album a 10 - don't listen to the mainstream critics, it is a great record. I honestly enjoyed it much more than Back to Basics.",1,1,"Apr 16, 2011"
10,"The album is actually very good. If it were by any other artist than Christina Aguilera, then people would be praising it, I think. It doesn't really show off her [amazing] voice's true potential (although ballad You Lost Me gives glimmers). Highlights are Desnudate and Prima Donna. Lowest point is WooHoo featuring Miss Features, AKA Nicki Minaj.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
10,"lbum muito criticado, porem poucos enxergaram a beleza contida nesse cd ele  inspirado, renovador e traz ao pop um lado totalmente diferente, no acho que The Fame da cantora Lady GaGa fique muito em cima de Bionic, embora muito dos crticos descordam!",1,1,"Mar 26, 2013"
10,"Altought this album doesn't reach the great sounds of Stripped, Christina did her best as ever. The up-tempo songs like Not Myself Tonight are really energic. The best song of the album is a ballad, Lift Me Up sang beautifully.",5,6,"Sep 12, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera's 4th studio LP 'Bionic' tells the tale of a woman who's just here to have fun. Playful, aggressive, sweet, melancholic - 'Bionic' encompasses and incites a range of emotion. It's here that we find Christina at her most experimental, particularly with her voice. With a long list of producers who contributed their many talents to the record, 'Bionic' is easily one of the best pop albums in recent years. Standout tracks: Elastic Love Prima Donna I Am You Lost Me Vanity Birds of Prey (Deluxe) Monday Morning (Deluxe) Little Dreamer (Deluxe).",4,6,"Jun  9, 2010"
6,"It's ridiculous how she could dedicate the whole thing to her baby. It's all sexed-up and, well, completely ridiculous! But when I said ridiculous, I mean it's crazy in the Gaga-est sense. It could pass on as a great dance album. Dance tunes plus bonus tracks make-up her greatest collection ever. But really, with those yawners in one side of the ship, the audiences are drowning in her sap. Bionic should've been a fabulous album, with experimental tracks 'Elastic Love', 'Bobblehead' and 'Birds of Prey' among her most finest achievements. They almost sound like M.I.A. songs. Well, maybe next time she'll learn to balance things up and just make one hellufa pop album.",2,3,"Jul 12, 2011"
0,"flooooooooooooooooooooooooooop",5,9,"Mar 23, 2012"
3,"Her narcissism makes her unlikable.",1,3,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"I should be honest with this album .. i only liked 3 of the entire songs Bionic, Woohoo and not myself tonight and all of the otehrs are crap .. she surely can do better that this .. i should also mention that she is a copy cat of madonna and lady GAGA",1,4,"Jun 15, 2010"
3,"The album is not what I expected from this girl. The ballads are bigger than the electronic elements she brought into this 'Bionic', and the tracklist contains 18 songs, such a LP that can't keep anybody keen on listening this album.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2010"
8,"Christina is just the best singer of her generation!! and this album shows just that!!",0,2,"Jun  8, 2010"
0,"Copycat. I've got all the original artists songs and CDs already. No need to buy this outdated and copying the trends CD.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
0,"Worst album of the year. I already have all the songs of the artists she's copying.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina Aguilera is the most versatile artist out there. Bionic is a masterpiece.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I love this album, so much diversity. From track #1 to #25, it's perfect!",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
2,"Good ballads, solid Britney-shaped musical experiments like Elastic Love...and then everything else, which could be worked on and made better...ending the song with her kid saying You Are Mummy was the nail in the coffin for me, on this painful, fake, over-sexed, self-indulgent record.",0,1,"Jun 13, 2010"
5,"This album is great! I would say that Christina tried something new for herself, something that really sounds true, and she haven't changed in many ways herself, she found that balance... Along the way, while many others who are now tried in electro-pop. Album multifaceted, each listener will find something that will be liked.",0,1,"May 29, 2011"
5,"With no doubt, the worst of Aguilera's 4 albums. There are good songs indeed, like 'Bionic', but the way she distinguishes herself as this unbelievably inappropriate slut in the album is not favorable at all. She tried a new genre, that's good, but she did it the wrong way. Christina seems to think that showing off her vocal ability is always good for her. But if you really think about it, really really not. Yes, her ballads are all popular around the world and are what she's most famous for. Her vocal ability is simply amazing, that is a known fact. Yet she always fails to attract the new generations. All I'm saying is, try singing normally, try to sing something that is more pop and try to make improvements in those songs by using the god-given voice wisely. That ought to make her a music sensation again.",0,1,"Jul 18, 2011"
2,"A horrible album for someone talented like Christina Aguilera. I loved her and her music but Bionic is no where near her standards.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
0,"Xtina",0,2,"Apr 16, 2012"
3,"I must score this based on the WHOLE album. Just 1/4 of the album is great and 3/4 of the album went downhill. Although she is one of the best singers of her generation, this album of hers doesn't work for me.....",0,1,"May 25, 2012"
1,"The album feels outdated even at first listen back during its release. In its ambitious attempts to tap on the then-new and rising synthpop-raver mainstream audio, her giant eighteen-wheeler truck loaded with bionic mannequins made a sharp right turn into pop culture and tumbled its way across the VMA stage, two meters short of the table where the cool popstars sit.
Christina tries very hard to be experimentally, both vocally and in production; assuming she plays any part in the latter. Every once in a while comes a few moments of the album where her Christina capitalizes her vocal prowess to its full potential; but every other time it sounds like a bloated; reheated EDM-wannabe record. It has yet to prove itself worthy to sit on either extreme end of the danceable-ballad spectrum; and yet when it sits in the middle; it would have been in the most ungraceful manner possible. Tracks like Elastic Love and Bionic remain as highlights of the album; but two potential hits couldn't really balance out the sixteen fillers.
Whether or not Christina can regain the 5 seconds of fame she had during the promotions of Genie in a Bottle. Maybe in a 2014 album she can take a backseat in the songwriting process because; it seems to be the only factor bringing her down; aside from her  attitude over a self-proclaimed pop artist reputation.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2013"
10,"This is the probably the most underrated album of 2010, it seems like some people do not have objectivity and based their opinion on its sales not for its content, it is known that the album didn't go gold or platinum like others of Christina but the album is not bad, is great instead. In my opinion, Christina and Sia's work was perfect, simple and magic, songs like You lost me and I am show the well known Christina's abilty to sing, I guess it was a mistake to release 2 versions of the album because the deluxe edition contains 2 of the best songs of the album that are Monday Morning (a very cool synthpop song that would have been a good single) and Birds of prey (this song fits perfectly with the real futuristic  theme she was trying to achieve) unfortunately comparisons with Lady Gaga didn't let this album to sell a little more and Christina to go on tour (the bionic tour would have been amazing)
What is interesting is that this album was the most second album downloaded illegally, people call it 'a flop' but they are too hard on Christina's work.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2013"
10,"What an amazing Album. I cannot believe Christina is doint this type of music, but still keeps the classic balads without an electronic touch. This album has a different type of music for everyone. The best tracks: Birds of Prey, Monday Morning, Elastic Love and Bionic. Thank you Christina for doing such an amazing album!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Excelente disco.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"She knows how to dazzle her audience and everytime she comes back, she brings something new and 'Bionic' is the one of them. they can name it as a Huge breakthrough after 4 years of being away from music. it's brilliant!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Bionic is an album of POP GOLD with fantastic uptempo songs such as Elastic Love,Glam,Bionic,Prima Donna and WOOHOO! and some of the greatest ballads she has ever recorded. Christina's masterpiece and the critics don't do the album justice, plus not all the critics have been accounted for either! Bionic is a masterpiece pop album and her most personal and fun if deepest and grooviest!! coolest album of 2010 if the BEST ALBUM OF 2010",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is really good. there is a song for everyone. the ballads are the strongest point in the album but the up beat tempo tracks are very fun and catchy. I recommend that you buy this :D congrats Christina!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
4,"Bionic is a complete mess. It is not electronic but it is not pop. It is not r&b but it is not soul either. It's a little bit of everything, and everything is mixed. I get what they wanted for this album, but they failed to accomplish it. Christina said a lot of times that she wanted somenthing futuristic. Then she said the album was going to be short and sweet. Now we have some 19 songs that don't match with that statements. There are some good songs, but most of them are credited as 'bonus' (Birds Of Prey, Stronger Then Ever and Monday Morning) in the deluxe edition of the album.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"I love every track. The ballads are beautiful and the uptempo songs are great. Recommend!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"The album starts with Bionic, giving a certain excitement about what is to come. This first song is quite unique, and I felt it has mixed Christina",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Bionic showcases the personal growth this amazing and powerful woman has achieved in the years since her 'Back to Basics' album. It reflects her fun and naughty side (in songs like Not Myself Tonight, Glam, I Hate Boys, My Girls, Vanity), her vulnerability (in songs like Lift Me Up, All I Need, You Lost Me) and her vision of the future (Bionic, Elastic Love, Birds of Prey) on a cohesive and entertaining roller coaster of emotions.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"One of the greatest pop records of all time! Never been a big fan of Christina with this album she comes back stronger than ever, proving pop can be just as fun yet soulful at the same time as every other genre! Thumbs up!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
8,"I think Bionic is a great album, when looking at the context. I think that she has been constantly scrutinized for over-singing and has tried to do things differently in the album. Minus 2 songs the album was an enjoyable experience. The critics did the same thing during the Stripped era and the album turned out to be a great and mature record. Lets hope the critics realize what a gem this album is just like Stripped and Back to Basics are.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is fantastic. 'Bionic', 'Elastic love', 'Glam', 'I am', 'You Lost me' and 'Vanity' are masterpieces. Love it!!!! Christina is a genius!!!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Incredible, modern and fresh.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"I really like this album. Although I would consider it a slight notch below Back to Basics, it's still a really strong entry. The deluxe tracks are what really impressed me. Those songs with Santigold should have been on the normal version rather than say Not Myslef Tonight.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"While most critics aim to compare this effort for Xtina to those of current Pop Stars, the album offers what many others fail to do: a vocally strong album. It's an album you can listen from beginning to end, every song offers up something different and that's important. And when Aguilera delivers her ballads, she does it so effortlessly that it reminds us why she is still superior to other pop acts out there.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Christina isn't afraid of trying anything new, and she puts that to the test here. Although there are some missteps, the overall album is a rewarding experience for anyone willing to devour this slowly. This album is not the immediate, hooky, overfed pop on the radio, this is Christina Aguilera doing things her own way. Some say this is dated, desperate, and unoriginal, but if you listen closely you will find some of Christina's best work among this group of songs. Sequencing is a problem on the first listen with the ballads placed erratically, but this fades on repeat listens. The bonus material is just as strong than the standard edition material. Personal favorites include: Stronger Than Ever, You Lost Me, Bionic, Sex for Breakfast, Elastic Love, Birds of Prey, Little Dreamer, and I Am.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Bionic is Christina's best and most diverse record since 2002's Stripped. A masterpiece!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"there are only a few real songs.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"Christina has no idea of who she is musically. She has always had a great voice but never has had anything worthwhile to say. This album is abysmal.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"The album is OK, but Christiana is all over the place on this album. The first half reminded me of 80's electronic new wave. Then she went and played several R&B love songs. And she finishes up with several songs that must not have made the Stripped album. There are probably half a dozen good songs on here. There is too much filler, and she inflates the set list with a number of short worthless intros.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Geez..very good album, and Gaga did not invent anything...puleeze...I love Gaga and Xtina but Xtina has been in game for over 10 years and deserves some respect. The US media has been awful to her..like a pck of Perez Hiltons. YUCK...GO Xtina!!!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Love it! Her best album! the ballads are the best of her career and its jsut a great fun pop album.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Christina always reivent herself, and brings her touch in the commercial pop business.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Bionic is exactly what Christina Aguilera promised-Fun and light-heartedness. I enjoyed Bionic from the Title Track all the way through I Am (Stripped). What I like most about the album is that there's a little something for everyone. You can make your own tracklisting as you may not like all 20 tracks and 3 intros. My favorites are Bionic, WooHoo, Desnudate, Primma Donna, I Am, You Lost Me, Vanity, Monday Morning, Bobblehead, Birds of Prey, and Stronger Than Ever.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"This is a drag. All Her talent wasted on beat heavy and superficial pop music. she should at-least try to separate her self and form her own identity. The music here is emotionless, immature and boring. Go cop Toni Braxton's abum 'Pulse', Now that is music!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"I really enjoyed Stripped and B2B better, but this Album is very catchy and uplifting. Empowerment, what a great message Christina sends through many of the songs on this album. =) Be yourself, don't let others tell you what to do, or who to be.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is classic One of the more cool Pop albums of the decade Eletronic beats, catchy lyrics and a lot a sassy girl power Aguilera is redefined herself like a Barbarella",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is amazing, it has something for everybody and I love how she has branched out and worked with non-pop artists!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
7,"Xtina's new CD has a nice mix of songs. There are a few duds, but over a few good club hits, and a fresh sound that I appreciate nowadays. Death to autotune! Celebrate originality!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"The album only had two good tracks and two just okay ones. The rest were trash.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"After four years waiting, Christina released her brand new LP, Bionic, the songs on the album are diverse, therefore, it still prove how well she can sing different type of songs. Her album speaks for itself, and it's nothing like other singers'. well done, Christina Aguilera.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
8,"Overall, xtina's new album is her boldest work to date. She's delivered on the promise of creating a futuristic sound that is unlike much of the stuff playing on the radio today, this, perhaps, is the reason why listeners aren't responding favorably. However, this album offers something for everyone, from up-beat club tunes ('Not Myself Tonight') to awe-inspiring ballads ( 'I Am' and 'You Lost Me') and from fun and energetic anthems ('I Hate Boys' and 'My Girls') to mesmerizing electro-infused numbers ('Elastic Love,' 'Monday Morning,' and 'Birds of Prey'). Having said that, some tracks like 'Sex For Breakfast' and 'Vanity' (the two intros as well) are a little boring and could have been scrapped in favor of the better -perhaps more representative of the experimental sound she was aiming for- bonus tracks found in the deluxe edition. Two thumbs way up for effort!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"I've never purchased a Xtina album. I must say that I've always thought she could sing. Seeing her venture out on her last album with the retro sounds made me realize she's definitely not afraid to experiment. When I heard she was working with Sia, M.I.A., Switch and Santigold I couldn't wait. Those collaborations are all what they promised to be...Pretty amazing. I wish they would have put the bonus tracks in and gotten rid of other less interesing songs like the lead single, Woohoo and even glam. The new wave of Monday Morning and Bounce of Bobble Head could have replaced Glam and Prima Donna. Birds of Pray was quality as well.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"Amazing album! Her bes one yet.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
10,"It is a fearless album. Not easy to eat, more sophisticated and few people will get it. Now, trash like Kesha or Rihanna are the number ones, but they just do hits. XTina is an artist.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"This album is defintely one of this years best pop albums. Electric, supersonic, futuristic indeed. The title track tones down Aguilera's voice, something differen from shat she has done before. Her voice in most of the songs is a actually soothing to the ear. The album does lose you a little with 5 back to back ballads. It becomes a bore throughout that section. However it comes right back up with her fast paced 'We will rock you' beat wounding song, I hate boys. Definitely a throw back to her 'Cant Hold Us Down' days. It is followed by the Peaches produced song 'My Girls,' another upbeat song about just having fun! the deluxe version includes a track called 'Bobblehead.' if you were to take Gwen Stefani's 'Hollaback Girl,' modernize it, and make fun of it at the same time, that is what you'll get with this track. Definitely a floor stomping song. It Also includes the 'Fighter' sounding 'Stonger than Ever' and the Ladytron produced 'Birds of Prey.' The latter sounds like a hot Jennifer Paige ('Crush') mixed with Alice in Wonderland and the Matrix all together. Othe great songs? The vogue-esque 'Glam'. She definitely shows off her old voice (like her old self) mid song as she does with 'Vanity.' Also, 'Prima Donna' is a great hip hop track to be looking out for in the clubs. Overall, a great dance album. The ballads lose you a little bit, but overall the artist's best album to date. Deluxe songs are definitely worth the extra money!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A phenomenal album with enough pop uptempos and ballads to keep anyone happy. Xtina is truly inspired on this one, possibly even beating her best album to date, 'Stripped'.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album! It's definitely a new sound for Christina. The album should be considered a 'fun' album, not to be taken so serious and judged by it's lyrical content.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album. Flawless from beginning to end, i suggest everyone go out and buy a copy of the deluxe edition, its WELL worth the money.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"the best album of the last 4 years. exactly what we were waiting, futuristic sound with ballads that show Christina's voice and nothing more. That's Christina, no one else.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"The ballads on this album shine through like no other, perfect album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I got this album for the ballads, very moving!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"Bionic has more than a hint of schizophrenia. It is at times unnerving, predictable, and contradictory, yet manages to be cohesive, interesting, and most importantly, fun. While newcomers create music that purports to be 'Electronica,' this album actually ventures into that very nuanced world, and draws from it a pulsing, living rhythm that does right by the world that inspired its creation.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This is a great new re-invention from Christina. This album is orignal with all the collaborator, there is song for everyone on this record since there is a great variety of genre but it keeps in the futuristic vain.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"Bionic may not be Christina's best offering, but it comes close. The album is promoted as being the lovechild of Christina and Goldfrapp, Ladytron, Sia and M.I.A - the artists that she worked with before filming her debut movie, Burlesque. Unfortunately she had a change of heart, and delightfully haunting songs like 'Birds of Prey' by Ladytron are relegated to the back of the deluxe version, and replaced by the unwisely chosen first single, Not Myself Tonight. There are enough tracks on the album to be able to ignore the infantile embarrassment of Not Myself Tonight, Woo Hoo, and I Hate Boys. The aforementioned Birds of Prey is a highlight, containing witty lyrics about The Matrix and Wonderland in a surprisingly restrained vocal performance that is reminiscent of the Middle East. The tracks with Sia are easily the highlights of the album. All I Need, a lullaby to her son Max, is a little too sugary sweet, but I Am is a love song with the perfect balance of self deprecation and respectl, and nobody with a soul can avoid being moved by the power of Lift Me Up and You Lost Me. Of the uptempos, Elastic Love is the most captivating. Stationary related lyrics that initially seem silly actually paint a very vivid picture of a topsy turvy relationship. Vanity closes the standard version of the album with a tongue in cheek declaration of 'Who owns the throne?' - a hilarious three minute take on the claims of arrogance that have bombarded her throuhgout her career. With a little less of the focus on sex and hot beats, and a little more deference to the indie producers and writers that were part of Christina's initial vision, the record could be perfect.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"It's an amazing album that has everything for everyone. I love its diversity which some people do not appreciate. I think that is what makes it a strong record. The benefits from this outweigh the disadvantages so I don't mind - it's amazing to listen to.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina Aguilera has an amazing voice but I'm glad she branched out and did some fun dance music this time. She is very talented and the album will be a Summer fave.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A fantastic album, I love the way this girl constantly reinvents herself. No other female artist of this generation has the versatility and voice that Christina possesses. Bionic is an electric in your face album that's awesome from beginning to end. the perfect album for this summer.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Its always interesting to see what Christina Aguilera is going to do next, I never understand why so many people dislike her, this album is so much fun and amazing! I love how she showcases her voice.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album rocks my socks.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album, the best of her carrer. Great beats, different vocals. Definetely the best pop singer out there and the voice of our generation!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Love this album! it's a mix of everything that makes Christina the best! her vocals are on point as usual.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina has once again out done herself. She's gone into a field that's completely unlike her previous album's sound, and has reinvented the sound for herself. Every song has its own personality and exemplify Christina's unparalleled diversity and charisma. The album is entertaining for any listener and inspirational for her fans.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"BIONIC OMG this album is AMAZING All the song All the nasty lyrics Everything in this album is EPEIC She is A PRIMA DONNA WHO CAN RULE THE WORLD BITCHES!!!!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Every song on Bionic has a purpose. As usually Christina brings sass, pain, love, joy, playfulness, and so much more. There are 19 new songs and 1 stripped version so 20 in all, and if you don't like some, it doesn't matter because you can get rid of them and still have a full album. Bionic, Elastic Love, Sex For Breakfast, Vanity, Monday Morning, Bobblehead, Birds of Prey and Stronger are really innovative and new directions for Christina. The slow tempo ballads are crisp and serene, a well done departure from her usual belting ballads. A+ Solid Pop Album!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A diverse pop album which showcases Christina Aguilera's almost unlimited singing techniques. She just keeps getting better. Favorites: You Lost Me, Vanity, Birds Of Prey, Monday Morning, Elastic Love, Bionic, I Am, Lift Me Up, Desnudate, Prima Donna",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Underrated album from and underrated singer. Bionic shows off her versatility very well and while there are a couple tracks that are meh, the rest is more than enough for me to highly recommend this album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album is one of the BEST pop albums of the past 5 years!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I always look forward to her music and Bionic did not disappoint. Her voice is like no other and she really shines on all types of songs here, especially the ballads and deluxe tracks. Not to mention the album artwork is stunning. Job very well done!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Birds of Prey is the best song, make sure you get the deluxe.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Its been so long since her last album, 4 years actually but its worth it cause this is the album of the summer!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Not really into this chick music but I just had to get this album for the Ladytron.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Critics should shut their bias up, the only influence this album has is Madonna! Nothing wrong with that imho.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"BIONIC is the best album of the year 'nuff said. Christina has reinvented herself once again and does a damn good job at it. This woman can do it all. Shes amazing and an all around artist. The way she plays with her voice is truly jaw opening. I've never seen a mainstream vocalist be as versatile as Christina. Check out BIONIC u wont be disappointed. Production is also killer and top notch. My favorite tracks are Bionic,Lift Me Up, I Am, Vanity, Birds Of Prey, Stronger than Ever and Bobblehead. Make sure to pick up the deluxe version as it has 5 deluxe extra tracks!!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I haven't listened to Christina in awhile. I caught NOT MYSELF TONIGHT on radio one day when I was driving back from work and got excited because it was a new song. I decided to look Christina up. I gave the album a listen and ended up buying it off itunes. Its definitely my favorite album this year. ps. the version i bought on itunes has 5 deluxe tracks and a bonus track called 'Little Dreamer' which i really enjoyed.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Such a great vocalist and a fun record. I'm not a big fan of her, but she keeps changing everything in her image and her music, and I guess it's a wonderful thing for a young pop artist!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Chrisitna Aguilera has more than a few gems on this album. I love the versatility and the fact that she can give me a song like 'NMT' and than she goes and gives me something like 'You Lost Me'.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"So the 4 year hiatus of Xtina didn't let me down. She was inspired a lot, she's sexier than ever and she's back to her throne. What can i say? The collaborators list is fantastic. Ladytron did an amazing job on Birds of Pray and Little Dreamer, Sia wrote some of Christina's best ballads, M.I.A. led Christina to different paths of music and Santigold made Christina bionic!! I need more! THe album combines many kinds of music and it's so interesting to hear Christina's voice because it's unique and different in many songs. The only thing i don't like is the lyrics. Stripped and Back to Basics had more inspired lyrics. The booklet and in general the artwork is brilliant. Good job Christina!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I think the way she uses her voice differently is just about every track really shows just how versatile and BIONIC her vocal talent is. She goes dark balads to fun pop songs about hating boys. The range on this album is great and it's a plan and simple awesome pop album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album is awesome I love it is such a fun record. My favs are You lost me, Little dreamer, Elastic Love and Vanity. I'm totally Jamming to this record right now!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album, original music, amazing production, and of course, AMAZING VOCALS! Spotlight for Little Dreamer and Elastic Love.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"It's an amazing album. Fun and deep. Playfull and introspective. Electro and organic.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"What a diverse collection of songs! I have loved her evolution since the Stripped days. She is a talented singer/songwrites and is clearly the voice of this generation.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album from beginning to end.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"surely the best futuristic sound with great vocal from Christina best pop album of 2010 I think :)",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
2,"Tail Cruz's debut solo album is a collection of horrible, cheesy pop dongs. I strongly recommend against it. Especially that uber-annoying 'Break Your Heart' song. He needs to just stick with producing.",2,2,"Feb 12, 2011"
0,"This album made me cry, what ever happened to REAL pop?! Not this horse **** made for money. It lacks in substance, made from repetitive lyrics, lame plastic beats- you know what? This **** storm doesn't deserve such an in depth review.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2012"
3,"Cruz's first effort falls flat when it comes to make him an artist to notice. It is a very impersonal album, created to achieve temporal success single-wise ('Break Your Heart', 'Dynamite), but it is incapable of maintaining its mainstream appeal during the whole record., becoming just a boring and unattractive list of simple tracks.Highlights: Dynamite, Higher, Break Your Heart",0,0,"Mar 25, 2012"
5,"The songs are good, but no songs really stick. Like 'Break Your Heart'. You like the song at first, but you can't stand it a month later when it's still number one on the charts.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2013"
3,"Esse lbum  horrvel, poucas msicas so boas, instrumental totalmente repetitivo e composies podres, esse lbum poderia ser um lbum totalmente moderno porm acabou virando algo cansativo.
As nicas que salvam so Higher,Dirty Picture e Break Your Heart",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"10/10 - 'An album with a distinct dual personality, Marinas dazzling The Family Jewels pitches the confident, MTV Awards-headlining superstar of our dreams against a more self-deprecating girl-next-door Marina whos dead set on Supertramping and vamping her way out of her fug' - NME",3,3,"Oct 25, 2015"
10,"I think it's the best album of Marina! I love that Marina talks about other topics that aren't love because I'm tired of listening to the same love songs.. I love 'Seventeen' 'Guilty' 'The Outsider' 'Hermit the Frog' 'Numb' Wonderful!!",1,1,"Sep 13, 2015"
9,"Here is a effortless debut album. Marina over-dramatic ironic weirdness simply shines at its best. Ok, its a quirky production that some may not like from the first listen, but if you can truly share your heart with this lyrics about a problematic persona, you can enjoy it very well. Once again, an album, that shows you the intense way to hollywood dream at the same time pointing out the illusional treasures from it, a extreme gutsy work.",1,1,"May 29, 2016"
10,"This album is so amazing, creative and unique. The progression Marina has made as an artist is incredible too. I love the concept of the songs, how they're all authentic to herself. Even though I don't listen to it anymore, I used to adore this album very much. Marina delivers in every possible way in this record. Least favorite track would be Shampain, favorite track is... well that's impossible to choose. I wouldn't say this album is flawless since it definitely has some flaws, but doesn't that what makes an album raw and real?",1,1,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect.  This is the perfection in form of an album.",8,9,"Aug 28, 2014"
9,"Marina 'Mad Hatter' Diamandis displays brilliant talent, wicked humour and a sense of complete and utter honesty. Her music is real, it's her and it's very much alive.",2,3,"May 23, 2011"
10,"I can't believe how an album can amaze me like this. All tracks are perfect in their style, the lyrics are so strange, amazing and funny! The songs are really catchy and funny, they are great. And Mowgli's Road really makes me happy, idk why but there's something in the song that's very happy. Best songs are I Am Not A Robot, Mowgli's Road and Obsessions.",3,6,"Sep 15, 2015"
10,"Amazing album. This is a good example for debuts. Perfect songs, good lyrics and Marina wa so original on this album. I am a big fan of this album, one of the best albums I've ever heard.",1,2,"Oct  9, 2015"
7,"Com certeza no  um dos melhores lbuns da Marina, mas para um disco de estreia  timo. Temos vrios 'hits' nesse lbum, porm a mdia no liga muito para artistas 'desconhecidos'. Oh No!  um exemplo disso. Umas das diferenas da Marina  a sua voz, que foi muito bem aproveitada neste disco.",1,2,"Nov  9, 2015"
9,"A real pop singer get the charge that Madonna left for someone to catch on. Kylie Minogue got it in 'Aphrodite', and now Marina Diamandis deliver this in 'The Family Jewels'. With powerful vocals, noisy drums, and sticky lyrics, she got the essence for making an intelligent album, popular, but not too popular. 'Shampain', 'Mowgli's Road', 'Hermit The Frog' e 'Oh No!' give us one the best pop songs of 2010.",1,3,"Oct  2, 2011"
7,"A good debut. Not perfect, but good. It has some catchy songs, some nice songs, some meaningful songs and some not so good songs. I personally enjoyed this album, it's feel good music with quirk, but i feel this album does lack in parts, i can't quite put my finger on what is lacking. But all in all - good pop album that's worth a listen.",0,1,"Feb 21, 2011"
7,"Marina Diamandis is simply brilliant. She has a very unique voice, she is a great musician and a talented songwriter. 'The Family Jewels' her first effort, revolves around the much used topic of fame, but Marina approaches it with a lot of personality. 'Are You Satisfied?', 'Shampain' or 'Mowgli's Road' are atipycal songs, but great songs nonetheless. She also tries some more pop friendly sounds with 'Hollywood' and 'Oh No!' and she does it very well. It's not a perfect album, it has some flaws, but it is very solid, and more importantly, very intelligent. It is a shame that she didn't make it big, but she wasn't so mainstream after all. I'm sure her next efforts will be, at least, as good as this one. She has it.Highlights: Are You Satisfied?, Hermit The Frog, Oh No!",0,2,"Mar 24, 2012"
5,"in this album, was born a basic music pop singer more
in this album, was born a basic music pop singer more
in this album, was born a basic music pop singer more",0,7,"Apr 25, 2015"
4,"parece um moi de demo
o que salva so as letras ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",0,5,"Jun  2, 2015"
7,"I feel that this remains to be Marina's weakest work, though others will argue that it is her strongest. Some of the album proves to be divine, with some tracks such as 'Shampain' and 'Guilty' proving to be highlights, while others such as 'I Am Not A Robot' and 'Hermit The Frog' leave much to be desired.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
9,"Marina's debut is near perfection. It contains the right amount of subtle self-loathing mixed in with beats and textured vocals. Overall her strongest effort to date. Download: Shampain, I Am Not a Robot, Hermit the Frog, Oh No!",0,0,"Sep  5, 2016"
8,"An insanely fun album and a solid debut! Marina reminds of Lily Allen on this album, since they're both upbeat and have big personalities. My personal favorites are Mowgli's Road, Guilty, and Oh No!, but there are a lot of highlights spaced nicely throughout this album.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2015"
9,"This album will forever stay the best album she ever released, every song has its own world and you can actually see that a lot of work went in the songs",0,0,"May 27, 2015"
8,"The Family Jewels marca o comeo da carreira da Marina, com msicas boas e letras bem escritas. No  o melhor lbum do mundo, mas  bom.
Pontos Altos: Oh No!, Hollywood, I Am Not a Robot
Pontos Baixos: Hermit The Frog, Guilty, Obsessions",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
10,"Bblia Sagrada que hinoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo",0,0,"Jun 28, 2016"
10,"10/10 - Antigo testamento define. No h como pular nenhuma msica j que tudo flui suavemente, desde a new wave 'Are You Satisfied?' ao ambiente melodramtico de 'Rootless'. Sem dvidas um dos melhores discos dos anos 2010.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2016"
10,"One of the best releases of the year!! DIY.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2010"
9,"Sure it may be overwhelmingly influenced by British punk rock and early 90's alternative but it sounds pretty damn refreshing and energetic when compared to some of the other albums this year. I'm digging it, it's gonna be in my cd player for a while.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2010"
9,"A good album but it was a little harder to get into. Even when its a poppy album it doesn't sound like BSS at a first listen, it doesn't have that summer-beach sound that the band had the past albums.",0,0,"May 30, 2010"
9,"The best BSS album since You Forget it in People. You can't expect a better album than that, so it was worth the wait.",0,0,"May  5, 2010"
8,"Their most commercial and polished record. Has its moments.",0,0,"May  5, 2010"
8,"Despite of the last track a very good and enjoyable album.",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"Their best work to date, an album that requires several listens before its layers are fully appreciated.",0,0,"May  4, 2010"
9,"A really fantastic album. Better than the self-titled one from '05 Lots of very melodic, catchy solid songs on this. The band has matured and it shows, production is top notch and working with John from Tortoise really seems like a smart decision. Lisa Lobsinger has a wonderful voice, I just wish there was one more tune on here with feist/millan/haines because Sentimental X's is definitely one of the best tracks.",0,0,"May  4, 2010"
10,"Its good to have so much new music from BSS. It is less produced, more rockish, and sounds more like a group of folks who just like to play good music together. Its refreshing all the way through.",0,0,"May  4, 2010"
10,"It's fantastic. Bottom line. It's not nearly as spectacular as 'You Forgot It In People,' but BSS have overcome a series of middling solo projects to produce another stellar effort.",0,0,"May  5, 2010"
9,"Classic! Are you kidding me? This is soooo good.",0,0,"May  5, 2010"
4,"YFIIP & S/T were great. The early 00s are over though, & they haven't grown. There is nothing mature about it - Me & My Hand, come on. If Lisa Lobsinger wasn't part of the full time cast, this band would be doomed. I guess with everyone having successful and creative bands, there must be some sense of loyalty or friendship to Drew to keep this thing going. 2.5 spins was as much as I could stand.",0,0,"May 29, 2010"
3,"Maybe I dont like this kind of music, but this is so inexpressive for me. This album hasnt think. External melodies  pronouncedly spoil it. I am really disappointed of it. 3",0,0,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"Album of the year.  Hands down.  Forgiveness Rock Record is one of those album that you appreciate more and more with repeated listens.  So if you haven't listened a thousands times, get on it.  It isn't quite YFIIP.  But it's close.  And that's saying something.  YFFIP is maybe the album of the decade.  I love this band.  I hope we don't have to wait another five years for more music.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2010"
6,"I appreciate McEntire's production but overall he had little to work with since this IS BSS. There are some career defining tunes on this album but overall it's reach exceeds it's grasp.",0,0,"May 10, 2011"
10,"I still remember the first time I heard 'Tin Man.' I didn't know what to think of the grizzly-bear-inspired voice or the wind-chime backdrop music and imposing bass-line. But the more I listened to it, the more I fell in love with it. I then started to listen to the rest of 'In Evening Air' and my life was forever changed.
You can't help but feel a sort of sadness and sympathy for Samuel T. Herring and the lyrics inspired by his break-up. He has a unique way of picking perfectly beautiful lyrics and expressing his emotion in every verse. While I prefer the faster-paced songs on this album (like 'Vireo's Eye'), the slower-paced ones are equally as impactful ('Long Flight,' for example).
Overall, it takes a bit to get used to the sound of Future Islands. But if you go deeper into their sound and lyrics (and if you go to one of their amazingly personal concerts), you'll discover one of the best bands out there.",0,0,"May 30, 2013"
9,"What more could you want? Hooky riffs and exciting melodies. You can dance your way through the entire album.",2,2,"Apr 13, 2010"
8,"Excellent first album from the Northern Irish group. You won't be able to stop tapping your feet to the relentless catchy hooks. Well worth a listen.",1,1,"Aug 28, 2010"
8,"A lack of lyrical depth and variation in songwriting does not take too much away from some infectious guitar hooks, irresistible vocal hooks and some really tight indie-pop tracks that roll off the tongue after just a handful of listens. One of the better debuts of 2010, that's for sure.",1,1,"Aug 29, 2012"
10,"This music makes my mood more better! So this album shows us an example of indie rock music. It's impossible not listened to every song 3-4 times or more!",1,1,"Jul 21, 2012"
8,"It's a good album, the first song is pretty strong, it slows down the next couple but once it picks up again you are really into it until it's over. Worth checking out",0,0,"Nov  6, 2010"
6,"This album is catchy, but all the drum beats are basically the same.  For a first album it works, but I'll be interested to see if the next expands the sound.",0,0,"May 13, 2011"
7,"Two Door Cinema Club's debut album has some hooky riffs and the singer's voice is great. You can tell these guys don't know exactly what they're doing and you can hear it in the music but it still sounds really good. Tracks such as 'What You Know' and the opener 'Cigarette's In The Theater' are what really shine in this album. All In All, a sophomore attempt at a debut that has a few shining moments. B",0,0,"Feb 23, 2011"
9,"Very good cd! I was really surprised when i decided to 'acquire' the cd. Great sound and lyrics. Very catchy tunes, I would recommend this to just about anyone",0,0,"Nov 16, 2011"
9,"I think I just found my new favorite album of the moment!! I can't stop listening to it. It's soooooo catchy and dancey!!  My only beef with it is that it's too short!!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2011"
6,"Good, sing songy album. Lead singer reminds me of Ben Gibbard and his work with the Postal Service. This is a simple, straight forward, catchy pop album. This album has a whole lotta catchy hooks, catchy riffs. Good  dance pop, nothing ground breaking, but then again, does every album have to be ground breaking. This band has a formula that consists of lyrics about love, heart break, and girls, catchy/ dancy guitar riffs, punchy/funky drums beats,effective melodies and straight forward instrumentation. Good album to sing along to. A solid effort from a young group of Irish lads.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2011"
9,"Very promising debut album by TDCC! Really dancey! Exciting riffs! Trimble's voice is one of the highest points of the album. You'll find yourself singing their sticky melodies after listening to Tourist History! Hope they can expand their sound in the next album, a big jump is waiting for them!",0,0,"Jun 15, 2011"
8,"Their style might not be all original, but what is sticks.  For a first album this band has already shown a lot of character and potential, and that deserves major props.  This is a band to keep an eye on.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2011"
8,"Even with just one album, this beautiful 'Tourist History', we can almost say that TDCC is the most promising indie-rock band that showed for this days. Electric guitars, akward lyrics and a different voice made this debut came out with pearls like 'Something Good Can Work', 'I Can Talk' and 'Undercover Martyn', and just show the claws of this great band. Another thing to watch on.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2011"
8,"Two Door Cinema Club's barely awaited debut is fully of innovative riffs and sounds that captivate the ear like no other. There isn't much to speak of in way of vocals, but they are a nice enough necessity to the album that keep the instruments rolling.
The album starts with the roaring 'Cigarettes in the Theater,' where the dynamically ranged pace and inflection lead us into the album in a more compelling way then you'd think. 'Come Back Home' has a lot of the sounds that make the album more unique towards the album's end, but it's a little lacking in lyrics. Still, the sliding electric guitar is engendering to a delicious set of melodies. The following track, 'Do You Want It All,' is the band's anthem, per sa. The soaring chorus and lead up to a drop like riff is enjoyable enough. 'This is the Life' follows suit in the style of approach, too, and is probably the most disappointing on the album: a good hook is nowhere to be found and the lyrics are dry as glue. My favorite of the album, 'Something Good Can Work' recovers from the lackluster prior track, singing an addictive pop chorus of quickly spoken lines and the slip slap instruments leading up are quite well done. 'I Can Talk' is a rival for the album's centerpiece, where the fastest beat of the album is slapped around my hard lyrics. It's fast and fun, just what the album needs from the slew of maybe slower songs presented earlier. 'Undercover Martyn'  is perhaps... 'confusing' in a word. The lyrics don't seem to work with each other, but the drums and rhythms supplement again an ingenious guitar riff, especially in the chorus. 'What You Know' takes a different road, being the biggest pop song on the album, and thus the lead single. It's a lot of fun to listen to, you'll be quickly sucked in by the guitar and stay in for the danceable lyrics. The closing tracks are perhaps a little grim for the band, well, grim in their own way, which is still a fast paces rhythms with seemingly bright lyrics. 'Eat That Up It's Good For You' is my favorite of the closing songs, writing of a relatable character with some nice electronic influences. 'You're Not Stubborn' is made up of the familiar riffs, but the repetitively seems to drag it down for a mediocre finale. All in all it's a great album. Quick, entertaining and even lyrically sound, Two Door Cinema Club truly does know what they're doing, and this album is an open door to a continued career. I look forward to whatever they do next.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2012"
8,"Very well put together deubt record from indie pop guitar band. A few of the singles off of this were used for a few different adverts so the record sounded pretty familiar to me even on my first listen. It's a good record - not sure how durable it will be but its a very accessible record. At it's core is basic indie guitar music with some very sleek production behind it. The tunes are good and there are no tracks that you'd want to skip over. It's like throwing Franz Ferdinand and Snow Patrol together and getting the best bits of both bands without the poorer elements. Time will tell if this band can go any further than this but really enjoyed their debut effort.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2012"
7,"So these guys definitely have a unique sound and its catchy and nice and I actually really like it. However, I usually don't say these kinds of things so believe me when i say, the songs sound too similar on half the tracks. I mean there is some slight variation but there's 3 tracks that are near exactly the same. Doesn't necessarily make it bad but it doesn't make me want the full album. In reality, the only 2 songs I can honestly recommend are What You Know (because 2 or 3 other tracks sound exactly like it but this is the best variation of it) and Something Good Can Work (which is unique).",0,0,"May 23, 2015"
8,"Vanessa Brown (or atleast Island label) owes me an apology. It has been almost a full year since I was transfixed by Crying Blood via youtube and the wait for the album has been excruciating. I",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
10,"My Best Friend is You, the sophomore album by Kate Nash, is a great example of how an artist can mature, after taking a break, writing songs and taking inspiration, this is the result. Lead single 'Do Wah Doo'  shows a mix of the 60's sound, borrowed from The Shirelles, The Supremes and many others, and her very own style of piano pop. With a surprising subtlety leading up to the climax of the song when Nash lets out 'Well I think she's a **** The song oozes jealousy and underlying emotion camouflaged in the cheery piano/trumpet accompaniment. In tracks such as 'I Just Love You More', 'I've Got a Secret' and 'Take me to a Higher Plane' Nash shows her alter ego, in these tracks, Nash shows the personality (and voice) of a rock goddess, but still allows herself to be seen accessible through the simplicity of her lyrics and the messages these songs carry. Opening track 'Paris' takes a nod back to 'Made of Bricks', the somewhat pessimistic track about losing friends and growing up in general leads us into a false sense of bliss with the strong, vibrant piano lead. Second single 'Kiss that Grrrl' once again, takes a nod to the 60's sound with the strong surf guitar accompaniment. The lyrics show a somewhat humorous view of a failing relationship, on the same note as previous hit 'Foundations',  once again, the story is of a girl getting jealous of another, and this is Nash's own fairy tale,  the chorus however, shows the strength and bluntness that her personality can hide, 'Kiss that girl and I will shrink up, and I will cry and I will think up, a thousand ways that I can hurt you, and you will never touch my hand' through this she releases the feminist lying within, showing that a woman can win over a man. The later track 'Later On', the third single from the album,  'Early Christmas Present' and 'Pickpocket' almost blend together. The mood is somewhat killed by track 'You were so Far Away', the theme of the song is unclear and I am sad to say it lets the album down a bit. Nevertheless, the album is picked up by 'I hate seagulls', an acoustic track reminiscent of 'Birds' (excuse the pun), and at the end is a secret bonus track, also acting as the title track, all in all, a great album, which I highly recommend. Highlights are 'Paris', 'Do Wah Doo' and 'Early Christmas Present'.",1,1,"Sep  7, 2011"
0,"Quite possibly the worst album I've ever bought. What Happened Kate? One trick pony?",3,6,"May 27, 2011"
1,"this is **** comparing to her amazing debut, what happened kate????///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// worst album ever...",1,3,"Dec  1, 2011"
7,"This album is nowhere near as good as Made of Bricks although is a better album than I expected. Some of the songs have a lyrical toughness missing from her rather insipid first record. So the album takes a while to grow on to you. But when you've listened to it for a while you realize that this is great stuff and it's more enjoyable to listen to in the long run.",0,1,"May 29, 2011"
3,"I bought this album after the stunning debut of Kate Nash and after listening to 'My Best Friend Is You' , I've noticed how much of a waste of time it was. The album is filled to the brim with lack of lyrical content and leaves me wonder how it got such a over-exaggerated metacritic score. What happened Kate? Did you catch Difficult second album syndrome?",0,1,"Nov 27, 2012"
9,"I think she knows what she's doing. After her huge success with 'Made of Break' this album is the missing part of her previous album. It's great.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2010"
9,"It's on par with her previous record, 'Made of Bricks', but this one is a bit more mature in terms of sound and I like the rhymes better. Standout tracks are 'Paris', 'Kiss That Grrrl' and 'Take Me To A Higher Plane'.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2011"
10,"10/10 - 'My Best Friend Is You builds on her more conventional 2008 debut, Made of Bricks, with a punchy, almost dizzying mix of garage-rock bedlam, scene-skewering snap, and sweet girl-group melodies' - Entertainment Weekly",0,0,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"It's so soft, so beautiful... just perfect, the Thurstoon Moore's sample is so awesome too.",0,2,"Apr 26, 2010"
10,"Clinging To A Scheme is responsible for being one of the most fun pieces I have ever heard, assuring I make a fool of myself when I hum or even sing along with Johan during class, and being one of my personal favorite albums of all time. I find myself drifting away into a world full of nostalgic melodies and catchy hooks. The Instrumentation is completely flawless, everything is in it's proper place. The way that the 10 songs on this album are arranged weather it's the drums, guitars, vocals, keyboards, or even speaking samples never fails to blow me away. I feel like this is an essential album for anyone that enjoys easy-going music of any kind. Just a wonderful perfect project that has made a big impact on the music I listen to.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2014"
6,"Nothing new there, but whoever likes Sufjan Stevens and Postal Service will enjoy listening to this album... Sometimes, not too often, or you'll eventually get bored though...",0,2,"Feb  8, 2011"
6,"Good ol indie pop, average album here. Not bad for a debut album they have a few highlights here like Generator ^ 2nd Floor and Hannah. Good band some good songs here, re-playable, sharable. Not breaking any boundaries here. Postal Service fans who are too good for Owl City, will love this album.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2011"
10,"'Leave Your Sleep' is an incredible achievement that has apparently been under appreciated by many. Ms. Merchant's songs are beautifully melodic and perfectly adapted to the poems. The instrumentation and orchestrations are likewise beautifully done. This has been my favorite album since its release. It is that good. If you are interested in something that isn't the usual fare, you will not be disappointed by this collection.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2013"
3,"Pathetic, syrupy pop rock music that ages worse than cheese quite frankly. This is not music made out of enjoyment of making music, surely? Nothing more than desperate attempts to be heard by the airwaves. Its inoffensive nature ironically makes it very offensive.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2016"
9,"Absolutely beautiful. Sigur Ros on anti-depressants, just as enormous, but on the other side of the emotional spectrum.",1,1,"Apr  7, 2010"
10,"Simply put: everything Jonsi touches musically turns into gold. Dazzling and captivating, complex and serene, and unique. I started listening to Sigur Ros after reading the reviews on here for their album 'Takk...'; subsequently, I love every album and now they are rivaling Radiohead for my favorite band. If you have an open mind musically and enjoy ambient elements in tunes, you should listen to this band and artist. It may take time to grow on you, but when it does, it's stellar. Their music (and Jonsi's with this solo effort) is so dynamic and takes you to 'another place' when listening.",1,1,"Apr 15, 2010"
9,"I would have given this a 10 as it is pure beauty (as is most everything Jonsi touches) but there were a few misfires. That said, I have only listened to it 5 times. There is not one song I dislike... they just don't seem to be reflective of what he can do at his best. I may be back to give this a 10 as the songs that I usually end up loving the most take time to sink in. In any event, this is a must have for Sigur Ros fans and a more 'upbeat' intro for those new to this style of music. Pure aural bliss!",1,1,"Apr  7, 2010"
10,"Perfect album for perfect people.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2010"
10,"This has quickly become one of my favorite albums of all time. My favorite tracks are 'Go Do', 'Tornado', 'Sinking Friendships', 'Kolnidur' and 'Grow Till Tall' but there isn't one bad song on the entire album.Jonsi is a modern musical genius and everyone should give him a listen.",1,1,"Sep 16, 2010"
9,"This is one of my favorite albums of the year. Music arrangement and recordings sound amazing, so many layers. Great soundscapes painted in your mind by Jonsi. The low points for me were the extreme slow down in pass from the start of the album till the end. The album opens with such excitement and promises. It then slows down and never really recovers to that original energy felt in the first two tracks. Nearing the end of the album I became increasingly aware of the same vocal patterns in Jonsi's lyrics. Hold high notes on 'Ooo' and 'You' etc. and was just looking for something new.This is easily one of favorite albums of the year, but don't feel like giving it a ten because of some of the low points.",1,1,"Oct 15, 2010"
10,"I read where one reviewer compared this record to getting mollywopped by sunshine, and I'd say that's about as apt a description as any. If you can dig on the shameless exuberance, then expect to love it from start to finish. I'm thinking, 'Feel-good Album of the Year.'",0,0,"Apr  7, 2010"
9,"A beautiful album that marks a transition in Jonsi ouevre. Near-perfect pop music.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2010"
9,"Fantastic album, much more upbeat and colourful than most of the Sigur Ros discography. The album starts extremely strongly, but the last two songs are not as strong as the previous songs.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2011"
10,"'As time passed, my father struggled for more to hold on to, asking me again and again: had I told him  everything.  And finally I said to him, 'maybe all I know about Paul is that he was a fine fisherman.' 'You know more than that,' my father said; 'he was beautiful.' '",0,0,"Oct 19, 2010"
9,"This is an album with melodies full of hope, freedom and happiness in which Jnsi's voice stands out and the persecution will make you wanna dance. Though there are songs that are more obscure and calm, they will still give you a satisfactory feeling.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2011"
7,"While it's a record with lots of positive elements, it doesn't have the same appeal as a Sigur Ros record. It lacks the bigger and more expansive sound the band inevitably brings with them.  Having said that, large chunks of the record sound very much like a Sigure Ros album. Definitely not musically, but in many ways this is similar to the Julian Plenti album released by Interpols Paul Banks. Very similar sound to their parent band, songs not quite up to the same quality and songs that don't necessarily belong together. Both solo efforts ar like collections of songs that didn't quite make the grade with their respective bands over the years rather than a specific body of work.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2012"
10,"This album is full of beauty. It blew my mind how intense and lovely; how emotional and smooth his songs were. There wasn't a single song I thought to be boring or lifeless.
Jnsi's voice is of an angel, and there's no wonder why he's known world-wide.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2014"
5,"I was a big fan of Velocity Girl and came to this release in a backward fashion, meaning I was only familiar with BT's predecessor.  I was curious to hear where VG's roots grew from and was disappointed and underwhelmed by this release.  The songs are just not that interesting and sound amateurish by even 1990's indie label standards.  Don't get me wrong, I love the output of labels like Creation, K, Sarah, Cherry Red, et al, but this is nowhere near the quality of many of the bands that recorded for the aforementioned labels.  I hate to drop the hammer on this record and this band, but this is a boring record and not worth checking out even for curious VG fans.  Buyer beware on this one.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2010"
10,"It sounds like everything you think of when you say 'indie' but still manages to suprise (constantly). It sounds like the 90's rolled into the 00's. In one word, AMAZING!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2010"
5,"This is the first Goldfrapp album I haven't enjoyed at all. Making a tribute to corny 80's pop music results only in more corny 80's music.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2010"
9,"Fun, slick album.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2010"
7,"Not their best, but still light years ahead of most of the comparable stuff out there!",0,0,"Apr  7, 2010"
10,"This is pure pop bliss. You can't help but be transported back to Xanadu. Well even if the movie wasn't great, the soundtrack was. This Goldfrapp record is truly a letter of love to that period in time. With repeated listens you learn to appreciate the little nuances of ELO, and find that the music is making you want to move in a late 70's swagger. This is just a fun Goldfrapp record and a nice little depature from their last work. Americans should give it a try, because they're really missing out on a great duo. Go ahead, KIss a muse.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2010"
10,"Most people still don't get the sound yet... Back is the new forward?",0,0,"Mar 27, 2010"
9,"I heard 'Rocket' and 'Believer' first. Loved them. When the album came out I was very underwhelmed. However after a couple times listening to it over and over again, (I can listen to every song on my way to work everyday) I am mesmerized by it. I feel like I am in a constant trance, dripping with ecstasy. I respect this band more and more each album for mixing it up a little each time while still keeping their sound. Best songs: Hunt, Rocket and Voicething.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2010"
9,"to be honest, this album didn't live up to my own ridiculously high expectations, but still, it's a pop masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2010"
10,"This year's guilty, guilty pleasure. Love every dirty, synthetic gesture.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2010"
10,"Goldfrapp's 5th album is definitely amazing.  From the head rocking 'Rocket' to the soft, melodic instrumental 'Voicething' , Goldfrapp once again releases an album that is not only worth buying, but worth keeping and listening to over and over again!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2010"
10,"An amazing album, I love and have played some of the songs in this album way too much. I usually don't like pop sounding albums but Goldfrapp manages to make their sounds so original and well crafted I just can't help but to love them.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
5,"While notoriously trying to return to a commercial era, Goldfrapp took a wrong step with Head First. Besides the hooks of their singles 'Rocket', 'Believer' and 'Alive', many other songs look like fillers in a glossy production and the lyrics are way too bland and unoriginal. Not that pure electropop might not be appreciated in some of the tracks but in a whole it works as much as a beautiful castle made of loose lego pieces.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2011"
9,"In an era of synth junkies and electropop trashy artists it would seem like a bit of trend following what Goldfrapp did with 'Head first' although, there's always something about Alison and Will, they just seem to get away with it.Head first is the reflection of years and years of cutting edge production, lyrics and attitude from one of the greatest electronic bands in the world. The album itself is a fully loaded flashback to the 80's but with that single twist, that tiny thing that reminds us that our ears are being treated with something out of the ordinary.And yes, I might admit that making a synthpop album in 2010 is just running the same path as previous artists that conscious or unconsciously have been touched by Goldfrapp's influence, but I also think it's a bold and bad-ass decision, specially when a lot of people are making such amazing interpretations on the genre, but I'm guessing this is just a small part of the ingenious plan of Goldfrapp taking over the world with their music on the next few years, I'm guessing this is their way of saying they can do anything they want and getting away with it, but also beneath it all, I see this record, as a way of purging some feelings and the desire of making such music as this.And I say this right now, on the first week of January, 2012 after hearing the 2 new tracks on Goldfrapp's first compilation, and I might say that, even though they of course contain that electronic DNA, they seem more controlled, more refined, more appeased with their own identity as performers.Beautiful music will always come up, but let's just stop thinking about the future, and enjoy this amazing window to the past, that at the same time, can bring us much much further.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2012"
7,"A wonderful synth album that only suffers for not being synth enough. There is a mellowness and lightness that could have been richer and deeper. Overall though it is quite strong. Download: Alive, Shiny and Warm, Rocket.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2013"
0,"I wish there was a score below a zero, but there isn't.",17,22,"Mar 30, 2010"
0,"What a piece of trash! All of Justin Bieber's music sucks! WHY DOES HE HAVE TO SING HIS CRAP ALL THE TIME?!?! He should buy E.T. The Extra Crapstrial for Atari 2600. Avoid this album and JB himself at all costs!! I'd fart in his face too.",2,2,"Mar 16, 2015"
0,"For little kids he might be good but in my opinion he cannot be considered a true musician, his lyrics are infantile and his music on its whole is to commercial. His voice although is not a bad one he has chosen a bad style and should rethink his career if he wants to be taken account of by people who are actually allowed to drink and not only little girls screaming for his babies.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2013"
0,"Musically it is a disgrace to the music, is not even slag.
I can not believe I have to admit that's a f ****g commercially successful, having so much damn talent, success had to give that poor guy. I have not heard such silly songs like Baby Baby Baby Ohhh, that is, what's that?, Is this excited?, I've never heard a sound so gay in the music and rhythm alike, too gay, it's amazing that the music video that song have more views on youtube than true legends as: Smell Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana, Chop suey by System Of A Down, whole videography of Daft Punk, among others, and this has to be the most-watched, that if is a great misfortune, thank god has many dislikes.
Just say that this album is a dirty, I'm not against Justin and even they do not believe,he can achieve to be great once you leave aside the thematic he uses in his songs, but as it is musical crap I hope that girls are cured of this bad music and hear something more convincing.",1,1,"Jun  8, 2013"
0,"el usuario JUANPANB es mi primo y dice amar a este puto que se lo quiere follar analmente y que no se aguanta que le haga un privado y un polvazo quintuple",1,1,"Jul 15, 2013"
3,"Apesar de ser um album de um garoto de 16/17 anos as msicas no agradam pessoas com mais idade, Justin Bieber construiu uma imagem de 'garoto bonito' porm no passa disso, um exemplo  a Lorde, mesmo com 16/17 anos suas msicas demonstram a realidade  diferente deste album que deve agradar no maximo crianas de 9 anos.",1,1,"Dec 23, 2013"
0,"GO AWAY justin beiber! stop! your music is a happy tragedy, thanks to you people on twitter can mock your album and thank god people wanna rip off their ear drums when listen to ****",1,1,"Apr 20, 2015"
0,"People who gave it an 8 or higher. I rate based on the music i hear, I don't care what his age is, this is a kid who has little talent. His constant moaning of ohhhhh after every word is quite annoying. terribly composed even with the glassed over studio vocals.",14,15,"Jun  7, 2010"
5,"Cheesy, naive and immature with a few great sing-a-long tunes. Just don't admit it to your friends. Justin Bieber if he makes the progression to the Justin Timberlake type could be good.",6,7,"May 24, 2011"
0,"Horrible, Horrible, HORRIBLE CRAP!!!!!!!! Sorry excuse for music!!!!!",5,6,"Mar 24, 2010"
2,"Of course i didnt listen to the shet...and im proud....because seeing his annoying face on tv screen is **** enough...!  some say that he is the new M.J...Really...are you **** kidding me?  yeah he can be compared  with MJs shoes....!",5,6,"Oct 12, 2010"
0,"Just Gawd Awful. Kid can't sing. And the songs are soooooo boring. Makes me hunger for the Backstreet Boys (and they were horrible, but at least the songs were catchy and they could sing).",4,5,"Apr 12, 2010"
0,"This album has got to be the worst that I have heard its just as bad as lil waynes rebirth complete trash.",4,5,"Apr 12, 2010"
0,"In response to Shirliah W: I am a 17 year old, and the music I make is far superior to this. Justin Bieber's CD is a terrible record. It gives 16 year-old musicians a bad name.",4,5,"Jun  6, 2010"
0,"Another example of mainstream America throwing up another worthless, talentless pop-star. And he sounds like a 10-year-old girl.",4,5,"Apr 28, 2010"
1,"If this is what modern music is, then our generation really sucks.",4,5,"Apr 23, 2012"
2,"Tsk tsk... Justin Bieber is an overhyped 16 year old who didn't hit puberty, and I seriously thought he was a girl when I heard 'One Time'. And singing about love? Like what do you know, you are like 16 and your voice didn't even break yet; the only people whom this album will ever appeal to is to young girls who don't know any better. 'Baby' at first was on the verge of acceptable to my ears but his voice ruined it. Bottom line, don't buy this album.",4,5,"Aug 14, 2010"
0,"Justin bieber and other singers that sing like him are ruining music. All his songs are about how he wants a girl. I doubt he even writes the lyrics. I am going to have to agree with Andrew, green day is great music that is suitable for teenagers and has great lyrics that people can relate to. I also doubt justin bieber will be popular in 10 years anyway.",4,5,"Sep  5, 2010"
0,"This is **** thrown on to a compact disc, what the hell happened to actually working your ass off to get your album on the radio and making money for your family or yourself. its like he cant write his own lyrics, cant come up with a beat by himself. This kid should get raped by a silver back gorilla. This album is the reason i hate pop. The only semi good song on this is Baby and even that is so repetitive it starts to get annoying by the middle of the song. I HATE this kid and album with a PASSION. this piece of **** gets a 0 out of 10",4,5,"Nov  8, 2010"
0,"It's pretty much an offense for me that music has downgraded so much. Listening to such an horrible album with an iPod is like walking around with an insult.Let's get over it, and analyze it.So, he claims to be a singer, but it sounds like a cat squeaking randomly, singing lyrics about love 'n' babies 'n' girls 'n' stuff. Such a lack of fantasy. And, considering all the success he made, in so few time, vanishes completely all the hard work of less known bands like Pink Floyd. Yes, Justin Bieber made more success than Pink Floyd, and i hardly can accept this. If he started working like twenty years ago he would possibly sound better. Older music has better style, i say, and he is pretty much the obvious proof. I believe that if he made a black metal band, i would've liked his music more, and that means a lot since i completely disapprove black metal for its lyrics about death, and stuff. I still prefer to listen to that to be forced to listen to hundred of people whistling Bieber's song 'Baby' while listening to the song itself. If Pink Floyd had the same success as him, Roger Waters would now have over a hundred of billion of people following him up. Such a number that i hope will never turn to truth, but i think that teenagers of today will make many sons tomorrow to have them listen to Justin Bieber, and he will become the richest & most famous person ever existed, and if that will happen, i'll already have a knife slashed inside my stomach. But that will not happen: he will get blind by how famous he already is, and will be forgotten in a few years on for now.",4,5,"Oct 27, 2010"
0,"This album is... nothing. Unoriginal and not worth being called music. Just another money-making bullshit and the victims are poor 12-year-old girls.",7,9,"Mar 28, 2010"
2,"It is so depressive to see how quality in music has been downgraded so much in the recent years, in this album, songs have repetitive lyrics, stupid choruses and senseless meaning of lyrics. Even seeing the album cover makes one feel bad.",10,13,"May  5, 2010"
0,"More bland, manufactured pop drivel.... Serious overuse of autotune.",6,8,"Jun  2, 2010"
0,"Probably the worst ive ever heard. This kid has to stop making music.",6,8,"Mar 29, 2010"
0,"Truly i listened to this whole album...waste of 60 minutes it is. My world 2.0 is terrible. my dog barked to the songs along with my cat who was meowing. They seem to know what terrible music is so they screeched along with justin beaver.",6,8,"Aug 28, 2010"
0,"if I could give this a negative rating I would he sounds like a 8 year old girl whos trying to be cool but he fails.",3,4,"May 30, 2010"
0,"Is this actually an albulm? I mean c'mon! what the hell ever happend to music?",3,4,"Jun  1, 2010"
0,"Please, make it stop. Horrible. Generic. Only for those who have no taste which, sadly, is almost all of America. Enjoy being a fad, sweetheart, your time's almost up.",3,4,"Nov 25, 2010"
0,"the Heavens??????????????????????????? really when some dumb asses comparing ****ing Bieber  to the great M.Jackson............so what can I Say???!!!!!!",3,4,"Jun 21, 2013"
0,"Generic, bland, tween-pop sensationalism. His music is a passing fad that is akin to passing gas.",5,7,"Mar 23, 2010"
0,"The worst thing to happen to music.",5,7,"Mar 23, 2010"
3,"Justin Bieber should really focus on other topics.Getting girls is all he talks about?Why not talk about...death or something?I don't know but I'm tired of hearing him always wanting to 'get the girl'. Jeez whoever he's singing about, I would say 'NO' too. The songs are alright, but not what I expected.Here's a Three out of pityy!",7,10,"Jun 17, 2010"
0,"Come on people, 16 year old girls should listen to blink-182 or green gay to develop a good music taste lately. THIS is hideous crap to for no one to be listened by.",4,6,"May  1, 2010"
0,"Not good music at all. And Shirliah W. nas was 16 when he wrote illmatic. This album is definitely not the best music a 16 year old w/ writers and producers could come up with.",4,6,"May 22, 2010"
2,"Bad. Simply, bad.",2,3,"Apr 12, 2010"
2,"Complete bubblegum garbage. Just another teen fad that's going to die as soon as it flowers. It's a sad example of the transient frivolities that are the music industry nowadays. People say there will never be another The Beatles; it's because people are too obsessed with non-music trash like this to pay attention to groups with legitimate records.",2,3,"Apr 29, 2010"
0,"Hate this album. One of the worst ever. Wasted my money by buying this. He should stop singing and and do some other things. People who reviewed positively, you all are mentally ill so get some help. And to the fan-girls, get some help too, he's ugly and screeches instead of singing. Not recommended at all.",2,3,"Dec 15, 2010"
0,"How Can This CD Be Anyworse... Biebers Voice Is Annoying.. So So So High... He Sounds Like A Girl.. I Am 13 & I Have A Much Lower Voice Than Him! WOW Justin The 1st Time I Heard It I Thought You Were A Girl.. Lyrics Are Stupid, As Well As The Vocal Effects..0!",2,3,"Apr 23, 2011"
5,"As I said on my review for My World, most comments here are biased and criticise him/his fans, without paying attention to the music. While I would not say that the album is very good, some tracks are enjoyable. It is worth a listen. Standouts; 'Baby' and 'That Should Be Me'.",2,3,"May 30, 2011"
0,"Absolutely not worthy of publication. This album is not music, is a 'commercial thing' to do money. Baby could have been a good single for the beat but the word are not mature enough for a 16 years old guy...",2,3,"Sep 10, 2011"
1,"Again? This is llike the capcom games, for example, have Street Fighter, and after Super Street Fighter IV, and I never imagine that this happen in the music industry. This album have only one good song, the rest is terrible. A next CD of Bieber? No I don't believe that.",2,3,"Mar  8, 2012"
0,"What a disappointing PIECE OF TRASH!!!!!!!!! Bieber sucks and he always will. Don't listen to beliebers... at least try not to. They are low or none educated. The wourst song is baby. Double da**it to hell and back in a cheese basket. Please avoid both this album and the moronic wanker himself, AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!! He SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,3,"Mar 13, 2015"
0,"I just don't know where to start. It seems as though everything was made to be as tasteless, derivative and processed as possible. Only tweenagers who haven't yet developed a taste in good music will enjoy this trash. Simply put, it's an insult to the music industry.",3,5,"Apr 28, 2010"
0,"Sings on key most of the time. But his voice is still too high for my taste and most of the songs are extremely repetitive.",3,5,"Mar 28, 2010"
2,"While devendra banhart's beautiful 'smokey rolls down thunder canyon' got a metascore of 69 and bloc party's masterpiece 'a weekend in the city' a 65, justin bieber gets a 71. this is really the proof that music critics aren't objective, but give an 80 for 'hey there are clever producers and if i think it's cool despite of it's shitty genre i'm so impartial and thus even more respectable' and a 50 for 'gnah, this might be very good stuff but only liking the first album and discarding the follow-ups is always cool'.",3,5,"Mar 28, 2010"
0,"The f.. what you said has no cred too, Woflmother. Let me tell you something: 1st, what a majority of people hates might not be a fad but a reality (think of any detestable things on the surface of the Earth), 2nd, so because JB's music is better than K-Fed's (which is doubtful to me) so his music's got substances ? It's like saying someone is decent because he's saner than Charles Manson. 3rd, let me tell you, any 'critics' who say anything good about JB are either half-witted or cheaply-paid tools for the corporates themselves.So, in short, people with taste and rationale should speak the f#ck up before our materialistic societies plunge deeper and deeper into the ugly, mass-produced, mass-deluded, dumb-downed mess it has been becoming.",2,4,"May 28, 2011"
0,"Justin Bieber is for the kids. For a 13-year-old girl, Justin Bieber is someone to look up to. He's definitely talented. There's no question about it. Old videos of when he was only twelve can prove that he wasn't signed for his looks. 'My World 2.0' is catchy, simple and effective. I'd rather have my daughter listen to this than to much of the filthy-mouthed rappers and R&B singers out there today. For young teens there has to be someone who's actually the same age, but who's talented. Justin Bieber is talented and 'My World 2.0' is no waste of your kid's pocket money.",2,4,"Jan 22, 2011"
0,"One of the worst things ever made. Do not listen to this. Do not think of listening to this. The sounds of torture would be preferable than this piece of **** This 'music' is bad on too many levels to describe. Just stay away. For the sake of humanity, stay away, and make this kid stop making music.",2,4,"Jun 17, 2011"
2,"If it wasn't for included ballads in the album, 'My World 2.0' really would be one of the worst albums in music's history. Excessive auto-tune in pop-dancing melodies which make them strident and unpleasant. 'Baby' is absolutely the worst song of the album. A horrible intro that gives a very little interest to continue with it.",1,2,"Aug 18, 2011"
0,"I don't think his fans (especially the girls) don't realize the fact that he is a mediocre singer. He is not consistent with this album because of his voice. Most of his songs are horrible. Although 'U Smile' was really good, it was overshadowed. This is probably the WORST album I have ever heard in my entire life!!! I hope Justin Bieber will improve or else, many fans will be disappointed....",1,2,"Jul 16, 2011"
2,"The album is a total failure and the only reason why he is still in the music industries is because of his 'Girl fans.' The songs in the album is mostly boring and dull but at least is better than Rebecca Black's 'Friday'",1,2,"May 26, 2011"
0,"The chords are stolen from generations of other pop songwriters (as are some of the lyrics), the production is stolen from generations of other pop producers, the meaning and purpose of the songs is completely ripped from millions of repetitive imbeciles with only love (or sex) on their minds. And I see others on this site complaining that 'IT'S FOR TEENAGE GIRLS, WAAH'. Well get a sense of perspective; good music can appeal to anyone of any age. That's why people like the Beatles and Queen and Coldplay were so successful, they had universal appeal. Targeting one extremely easily pleased audience does not make Beiber's albums good, and he deserves to sink into obscurity - which he eventually will.",1,2,"Jul 10, 2011"
0,"Classic example of how music is ruined nowadays.This kid is just a cute face chosen by some crappy record label to mask a bunch of annoying and sticky songs completely autotuned.",1,2,"Oct  2, 2011"
0,"68. Really, it seems like a joke that music critics can put this mark to this album. I have listened it all, and I can ensure yoy that it is the worst thing that I have ever listened to. Even My World, the first EP of Justin Bieber, that I would mark it with a 0, is better than this CD.Let's be serious. Commercial music is usually crap. It is a question of its sense. And I'm not talking about this pseudo commercial music like Glam Metal, 80's pop like Michael Jackson, and nowadays Indie Rock. I'm talking about music only made for sell, without attempting to make it last over the years. And inside this bad music, My World 2.0 is really deplorable.There are some reasons why this is so bad. First and most important, the music. Composed with no musical sense at all, the melody is so simple and pathetic that Lady Gaga seems King Crimson next to it. No rhythm, no grace, no nothing. The instruments are dreadful, playing repetitive sounds and crappy riffs, and his voice is so auto-tuned that Daft Punk voices at Discovery album seems natural. A complete disaster.But what makes it worse than a simple painful album is its spirit. A girl-looking boy of 16 years old singing about love, dreams mad true, etc. It's obvious that it is a big and vile strategy of his record label to make it attractive for pre adolescent girls that have been brainwashed by the system and have not listened any good music at their life. And the worst thing is that music critics don't punish this CD as it deserves. What's wrong with you guys? Have you been payed by its label? But if any of its consumers would read this! What a sad world. Absolutly an awful album, the worst of all time.",1,2,"Nov  8, 2011"
0,"To anyone who actually likes this music, or Justin Bieber for that mater, you have a lower IQ than my friends dog. The biggest load of abominable garbage to ever walk the earth",1,2,"Nov 23, 2011"
0,"Real score: -100/10 This is the worst album ever created. Along with the rest of justin biebers horrendous music. Please never make me listen to this ever again.",1,2,"Mar 28, 2012"
3,"When I was seven, I had a Britney Spears poster on my wall, and choreographed dances to 'Lucky' with my friends at sleepovers. If I was seven now, I would probably have the same love for Justin Bieber. However, I'm not seven, and I'm doubtful if many people much older than that would actually enjoy this album. I actually listened to My World 2.0 all the way through, and can say that it's not the creation from hell that many make it out to be. It's certainly not a great work of artistry either. I will actually admit to liking 'Somebody To Love', and 'Stuck In The Moment' temporarily got stuck in my head. But it's a weak album, with wholly uninspiring lyrics and bland uninteresting music. And, of course, it's sung by a prepubescent boy. I like lots of music, including pop music. This is not quality pop music.",1,2,"Mar 19, 2012"
4,"Okay...'My World 2.0' is the same thing with 'My World'. Just because you added several songs doesn't really make a difference...",3,7,"Nov 11, 2011"
7,"A more grown sound since 'My World', and still very catchy songs, but the songwriting's awful: ten purely commercial lovesongs, mostly about girls he never had.",2,5,"Sep 10, 2011"
7,"The problem with these user reviews is that they're full of people that are biased or haters. & either one is bad contribution. I reviewed this album as a person expecting pretty good music. A boy from Canada who started in a small town, became famous from his charming voice. I was not a hater but I was also not a Bieber Fever-diagnosed girl. I am young (not an adult), although I will say I enjoyed this album. A few songs, such as 'Baby' & 'Somebody To Love' would be the strong points, as well as 'U Smile'. Good job, Justin Bieber.",1,3,"Dec 27, 2010"
7,"People relax, its a pop record. Users make me laugh THIS OTHER BAND I LIKE ON PITCHFORK GOT A LESSER REVIEW THEN THIS, christ shutup. This music is is for young girls.",5,16,"May 20, 2010"
6,"This, together with its immediate predecessor, is a decent pop album, and a pretty good considering it's competition (Ke$ha? Not even in the same league). Sure, Auto-Tune may be used a little bit... but at least he doesn't use it as a crutch like T-Pain. Too bad he probably won't be able to top this, what with puberty striking at last. Definitely check out 'Baby' (the most mocked song off the album, yes) to get a feel for the album AND the artist. In the end, it's all up to you. My opinion is my own.",2,7,"Jun  1, 2010"
10,"Why are so many users giving this a 0? This is a great album, and that is why I will give it a 10. In fact, even if I didn't like the album, I would have given it a 10 out of pity.",1,4,"Apr 12, 2010"
10,"Everyone is just hating on this because its the most popular album right now as far as the charts go. If you are a fan of R&B/pop like justin timberlake and usher, you will most likely enjoy this album.",1,4,"May 25, 2010"
7,"Justin bieber has improved since his last album in 2009. My world 2.0 has good flows and settling lyrics, the 16 year old however should focus on more subjects than just girls. Other than that, good songs, fun lyrics.",1,4,"Nov 16, 2010"
8,"The haters are making their mark on JB, if you do not like him, that is fine, but let the kid do what he wants and sing high-pitched, in 2 years he will be falling out of nightclubs anyway. The album is good, the tracks are fresh, however cheesy, JB has a voice, but he is not all their yet. An 8 for the piece of work that is known as My World 2.0",1,4,"Jun  1, 2011"
10,"Who cares if this album is cheesy? It contains songs that we all love to get up and dance and sing to such as 'Baby'. If you dont find your inner child self, then you need to lighten up and stop being so serious. This album puts you in a great mood. His newest album 'Believe' is the album of 2012, get it.",3,14,"Jun 27, 2012"
7,"Like so many over the age of 16, I had automatically dismissed Justin Bieber just from the annoyingness of his ubiquity. But the truth is he actually has a really lovely voice that doesn't need AutoTune. This is a really well-crafted collection of pop songs. Nice, light and easy on the ears. Wish the same could be said about the sound of his adoring fans.",1,5,"Jun 16, 2010"
8,"Justin Bieber's My World 2.0 it's the prove that he has the vocal habilities and I believe that he can do so much more. My Favourite song (s) are: Baby, Stuck In the Moment, Eenie Meenie, That Should Be Me and Up. The others don't tell me nothing special but i liked all of them.",1,5,"Mar 23, 2010"
10,"They only gave it a zero because they didn't bother to listen to the album and suddenly assume that if its justin Bieber it must be bad especially since he wasn't the only person to write the album, so they also hate the other people who wrote it.",1,6,"Jun 18, 2010"
10,"Enchanting album by a 16 year old pop artist, although creep voice but then professional work for such great songs.",1,7,"May 27, 2010"
5,"I can't be as harsh as the rest of the users. While this is not a great album by mature tastes, it has some decent songs that young girls tastes will adore.",1,8,"Mar 30, 2010"
8,"C'mon, this isn't that bad. for a 16-yr-old adolescent teenager, this is certainly the best music that anyone can come up with. we don't need toneless, no-fun adults to rate this album.",1,8,"Apr 11, 2010"
10,"Peer pressure is a beautiful thing, people just follow whatever someone is doing, they think that their opinions are right and that every CREDIBLE, keyword, critic is wrong for giving this high reviews. What do you know about music? You think that just because you blast Iron Maiden, you suddenly know EVERYTHING about music? Leave music reviewing to the professionals and non-bias. Justin Bieber is overrated, which leads him to be underrated, even if Justin Bieber wasnt the most hated icon since Hitler, I STILL wouldnt like his music, but at least I dont need other people's permission to dislike his music. I just give this a 10 because people have no concept of putting evidence in their points or giving fair scores. Seriously, the critics that review this album arent drug addicts off the street, they are university graduates, what do you have? No credibility. This isnt about Justin Bieber, its about no being brainwashing Bieber hater that hates him JUST BECAUSE other people hate him too. Just listen to Kevin Federline's album and compare it to this. When you all grow older than 30, you will see how foolish you were to be so bias. Even if the WORLD love justin Bieber, I wouldnt.",1,10,"Jan 19, 2011"
0,"it just SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS",0,1,"Apr 25, 2015"
2,"I have decided to give My World 2.0 a proper review after giving it a troll review and the review is much similar to his other works; poor vocals, poorly produced and only for fans.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2015"
4,"Slickly produced, but overtly cheesy, vocals are too processed and the whole album is scant of originality. I'm not giving this album a bad review just to ride the hate of Justin Bieber, but because it is truly BAD.",0,0,"May  5, 2014"
0,"The first My World album was bad enough he didn't have to release a 2.0 over to make us feel worse about ourselves. I did see one review stating that they wished there was a score below zero I would have to agree.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
0,"Flat voice , annoying sound, we can consider that the only thing helpful in this album is some compositions , boring teen pop , childish, and immature , expected more from you Bieber , nothing new about the sun , always the bubblegum pop to fasten the little girls teenagers, we still have a Purpose , and a Believe to save the right discography",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
3,"While this album is bad, it isn't as bad as most people think, and it's only judged because of 'Baby' (the worst song off the album), however some songs such as 'Somebody to Love' are tolerable.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2015"
8,"It is not a bad record!I read something like 'only Dancetracks'..Please listen to song 9-12.... Its sad that Sweet 7 is a 'Bruno Mars production',because the Sugababes are all great songwriters.Jade's voice is very nice,as the new member.Not their best record,but it could be worse.",2,2,"Apr  6, 2012"
10,"Uma voz simples mas eficiente, o uso MUITO bem elaborado de um instrumento novo chamado Tenori-On e conhecimento musical.",1,1,"Aug 24, 2011"
9,"This album is a great mix of electro pop and tuneful melodies, highly recommended if your into the musical stylings of Ladyhawke and Sleigh Bells!, Recommended for all ages.",0,0,"May 30, 2012"
8,"Little Boots delivers on her debut album.  This serves as a starting point for what I hope to be a exciting and long career.  Download: Remedy, Earthquake, Mathematics, Ghost",0,0,"Dec  3, 2013"
8,"I'm not professional musician or expert of it. However I'm sure that this album seems enough to satisfy for people who likes jazz because songs in this album perform their own rhythm by Jamie's band and his voice. I recommend this album to someone who listen jazz at first because it is not heavy or origin of jazz, so you can listen comfortably.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"Gets better and better everytime you listen to it. not just any album of covers, fantastic rendition to an eclectic selection. Masterpiece",1,1,"Mar  2, 2010"
1,"Bad, bad, bad. A deception.",0,1,"Mar  3, 2010"
1,"Very inglorious album. Gabriel did it bad.",0,1,"Mar  4, 2010"
1,"I don`t like that record.",0,1,"Mar  4, 2010"
1,"Very boring.",0,1,"Mar  4, 2010"
10,"Peter Gabriel never fails to impress.Rewards repeat listening.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2010"
9,"Great great cover album by visionary artist. Thanks once again Peter for this piece of art!!",0,0,"Mar  2, 2010"
8,"Needs a couple listens, but very strong overall. Needs a couple listens, but very strong overall. His voice is out front on all tracks and deservedly so. It's still rich and warm and works perfectly overtop of the strings. There are many excellent choices of songs - especially the cover of Arcade Fire",0,0,"Mar  2, 2010"
1,"There is not a single song on this album that was made better by the voice of Peter Gabriel! I always thought that the man could do no wrong...and then he released this schlock! Simply HORRIBLE!",0,0,"Apr  7, 2010"
8,"Gabriel's never recorded an album of covers so it's interesting to see he can actually make the songs his own.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2010"
10,"I was at first skeptical about this release, but upon listening to it about a dozen times I am floored by what Peter has done. He has very carefully extracted the songs' essence and let the words and raw melody do the talking. Listening to the originals of Listening Wind, Apres Moi, My Body Is A Cage and others it is clear the original were way too over-produced.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2010"
5,"The outstanding voice of Gabriel in the center of a flat, weak and boring performance.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2010"
7,"An orchestral covers album from an aging prog rocker? Not surprisingly, 'Scratch My Back' is, by turns, brilliant and odd. It's a sparse, stark, elegiac album of minimalist compositions that deliberately takes the listener out of his comfort zone. With Peter's cracked, soulful vocals hanging on John Metcalfe's sharp, aural landscapes, 'Back' wears its concept like a fragile exoskeleton. It's a mournful and sometimes-thrilling performance that sacrifices synth for strings, easy hooks for meditation and gloss for exposure. It's an effect that works stunningly on the album's most transformative tracks -- Arcade Fire's 'My Body is a Cage' and Talking Heads' 'Listening Wind.' The instruments simmer and soar under, not over, the rhythmic gravel of Peter's voice. In fact, 'Cage' probably deserves comparison to Johnny Cash's 'Hurt' in terms of passion and performance. No longer a tale of youth-fed angst, the song becomes an explosion of aged apprehension and disquiet. Peter's voice is so clear and fearlessly imperfect that he could be singing in a dark, haunted wood or in your own hallway. Yes, the concept here is tenuous, but 'Back's' successes are many. 'Mirrorball' and 'Book of Love' are gorgeous and lush, and 'Heroes' is a wonderful, slow burn. The album's biggest revelation, though, might be 'The Power of the Heart.' A mostly unknown and beautifully written Lou Reed song, 'Heart' was ripe for discovery. Once you've heard Peter's rendition, you'll wonder why you've never heard it before. But the album's imperfections are hard to ignore. It's difficult to sustain an entire disc of mostly-morose chamber music. In fact, I guarantee that many of these songs will reveal themselves most fully when thrown onto a mix tape, shuffled into a playlist or featured among the rock and electronica on a movie soundtrack. And it doesn't help that the last two songs, 'Philadelphia' and 'Street Spirit (Fade Out),' seem less like thread-bare confessions and more like off-key whimpers. Only in the final 8 or 9 minutes of this stunning, one-hour album does the exoskeleton finally start to buckle. For every person who calls 'Scratch My Back' moving, meditative and poignant, there will be someone who calls it overwrought, ponderous and contrived. You may absolutely adore these lovely bones, or you might resent them. Just do yourself a favor and shuffle a few of these tracks into your playlist. You might be surprised. BEST TRACKS: 'My Body is a Cage,' 'Listening Wind,' 'The Power of the Heart,' 'Mirrorball'",0,0,"Mar  5, 2010"
8,"Very very interesting spin on many of these songs, superb orchestration.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2010"
0,"As a long-time Gabriel-fan, I am very disappointed with this album. Extremely boring arrangements. The feeling of the original songs are not there, not even in another form or shape. PG, please make a real album with good arrangements and your own songs.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2011"
9,"Gabriel's redo of the eclectic Stephin Merritt's 'The Book of Love' stands out as one of those 'wow, I didn't know that song could go there' moments.  This same artistic genius rears its head in a hauntingly beautiful and richly-imagined remake of Lou Reed's much-noisier 'The Power of the Heart'.  These two stand out as songs that make this album shine.  In the long run, yes, they're orchestra+Gabriel remakes  and some people won't like that as a concept.  For those who take the time to hear the instruments wonderfully layered with PG's more pensive voice, most songs will be a new treat",0,0,"Oct 24, 2013"
9,"Great song after song. The most under rated and under appreciated album of 2010. Why this wasn't on everyone's 'Best of 2010' lists is beyond me!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2011"
10,"This album is criminally underrated.  Almost every song on Minor Love is a gem. Adam Green has matured both emotionally and musically with this album, and after a bunch of releases in recent years that didn't live up to his early work, critics failed to notice he's suddenly put out one of the greatest records of 2010.  There is unmistakable newfound depth & sincerity enshrouded in these songs, which can easily be overlooked by a critic who is too lazy to look beneath the irony that adam has been known for. It is perhaps that uncomfortable juxtaposition of hyper-nonsense with hyper-sincerity that makes this so touching. Not to mention, these songs are short and catchy-as-hell with melodies and arrangements that aren't obvious. There is nothing trendy or too earth-shatteringly original about this album, and there doesn't need to be-- these songs stand on their own.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2011"
6,"Very clever lyrics catchy tunes pretty much what someone would expect from an artist as profound as adam green. However, the songs get old at some point and i have this experience from previous records of his that's why i'm holding myself back not to listen to the songs repeatedly",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
9,"Sade, one of the most consistent bodies of work by any group in the last 50 years. Remarkably still going strong.",0,1,"Feb  9, 2010"
5,"While their first few albums were certainly good, and their next two were undoubtedly great, this last one simply falls short. It just rehashes what they did with Lovers Rock. I guess they've finally run out of ideas.",0,3,"Nov 21, 2010"
10,"Still the soul diva we got to know in the 80's. Her voice is strong and her lyrics certainly tugs at one's heart strings like in the past. Excellent piece of art.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2011"
3,"WHAT?! This is such a POOR follow up to Trials of Van the Occupanther! The vocals are low and drab, the songs less sophisticated and repetitive.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2010"
9,"Great album...took awhile to grow on me and get over the fact that this is no Van Occupanther 2. A great move forward for a really incredible band.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
10,"Amazing.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2010"
8,"strong 3rd album from the lo-fi folk-rockers. Midlake have a real unique sound that stands out amongst other releases over the last decade. It's hard to say what their influences are. This album is a mix of acoustic and electric guitars blend in with a host of other instruments, topped off with dark and dreary vocals which really suits the style of the music. At times I'm reminded of Led Zep's quieter tracks, but in general they just sound from a completely different era. Some of it has a medieval feel to it. It's take a lot of listens to really hear what's going on here but it's worth sticking with it. The opener 'Acts of Man', 'Children of the Grounds' and the title track 'The Courage of Others' are the highlights for me.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2012"
9,"I have been awestruck by this album. Multiple plays later it still enchants my ears with its total difference to just about everything else.
No, it's not The Trials of Van Occupanther. But is that what you'd really want? Go straight to the iTunes chart if the answer is 'yes', please.  No, this is a thought-out, restrained gem  made with a clear vision. Its quiet restraint pulls me in to soak up every subtle lick and lyric. Its odd, elsewhere world is fascinating. What happened? Is it the past or the future? Why is its condition both attractive and daunting?
Beautiful.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2013"
10,"Modern masterpiece. The greatest album of All Time.",0,1,"Feb  2, 2010"
10,"This is really good. Hopfully with time, he will grow as a musical artist. People need to give him more credit. He is REALLY talented. As for the haters, they don't know what they are missing. They really don't, and they may regret it someday. Nick, keep doing what you are doing. Best of luck!!",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
1,"Boring, cliched drivel that barely passes as music. Don't waste your time.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2010"
10,"I'm going to be completely honest here, this is an amazing record. i absolutely hated the Jonas Brothers, but when i heard the single 'Who I Am' i was blown away. Nick sounds like a young John Mayer and I'm actually surprised he maned up and left the Jonas Brothers for this. Amazing, a must buy.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
0,"This is just garbage.... just that.... don't waste your time.... seriously............................... disgusting",0,0,"May 24, 2011"
7,"This is a very entertaining album. I like how the album jumps from genre to genre with each new song, though I can see how some people may find this approach too scattered and unfocused. Beck did an excellent job writing and producing.  'Le Chat du Cafe des Artistes' and 'La Collectionneuse' set a sultry, moody tone and are particularly effective. Though Ms. Gainsbourg's voice is a little too soft and delicate to deliver some of the songs' melodies (see 'Me and Jane Doe'), one must admire Ms. Gainsbourg's ambition in taking on such a wide range of styles to mostly enjoyable effect.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2015"
10,"Why do the hot press and the guardian's scores even count? not to sound too pretentious, but if you're giving this album a 40/100 then maybe listening to music isn't for you.",5,5,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"MarkO hits the bullseye here.  If the schlempkins at hot press and the guardian think Teen Dream is a 40/100 album, maybe they need to consider rating washers and dryers instead of music.  This album is damn near perfect.  If you like dreamy hazy pop, Teen Dream will leave you speechless.  It's a Magnetic Fields meets the lighter side of Air meets Mazzy Star.    Highly recommended.",2,2,"Oct 21, 2010"
10,"I feel as if all the negative reviews are from those who haven't let the album sink in.  This is probably my pick for the album of the year.  Not nearly as dark as their last album, but plenty strange, catchy and original.  This band is a valuable gem.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2010"
9,"It is clear this music is not for everyone, specially mainstream ears but if you can appreciate good music you won't need me to tell you this album is good, really good. Probably a contender for best of the year, at least it's in my top 10.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2010"
10,"The third LP by dream pop duo Beach House is absolutely beautiful and deserves all the attention it has gained. Show me a list of last year",1,1,"Oct  3, 2011"
5,"Tedious, slow and plodding, this album doesn't live up to expectations.",1,7,"Jan 29, 2010"
5,"Beach House still aren't mainstream-suitable but they partly improved what bugged me in their previous records. One being the tedious and in parts boring tone of their music and the other being unrecognisable hooks. Teen Dream is better in that, but is still a very strange release that doesn't fit my type of music. Nevertheless, I honour their talent in composing the lyrics.",0,3,"Jan 28, 2013"
9,"A wonderful album that builds on their first 2 releases. Victoria Legrand has a beautifully, soulful voice that works exceptionally well with the re-verb-drenched organ and guitar.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2010"
9,"Their best and dreamiest album yet. In a world full of hype, these guys deliver. Teen Dream has fantastic string arrangements which set the mood through the dreamy haze of Beach House's stunning vocals and hazy guitar melodies.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2010"
9,"Victoria Legrand is a goddess. I think she is the best female vocalist out there right now. The album isn't quite as good as Devotion, but it's still an amazing record. '10 Mile Stereo' is the best song on the album hands down. The angelic string synth will make you melt.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2010"
10,"Way more accessible and well-rounded than their other two albums, brilliant as they were. This is a band that people, not just Pitchfork, can fall in love with...and that's a wonderful evolution.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"A superb collection of stunning songs. Silver Soul and 10 Mile Stereo are the highlights but each track is great. Seems to be a sizeable amount of people who are loving to hate this for some reason. Can't understand why- its a joy to listen to.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"Wow....why such the low score??? This is the best thing I've heard in a loooong time. Its absolutely brilliant. Dreamy, heartfelt, charming, and immediately likeable. I expected such a cowardly review out of Rolling Stone, but am at a loss how Hot Press or the Guardian could give this a 40. They must be listening to a different record than me.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"Lovely.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"Beautiful, gauzy, atmospheric music. Even better than Devotion.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2010"
10,"The allmusic review should be put in in i want to see this get a higher rating, i love this album.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2010"
9,"I didn't much care for their first album and their second garnered a few listens from me, but this album has completely enamored me. Legrand's wail is captivating with the sense of a mournful optimism in many of these songs. Trust me, even songs at first you don't care for become sustained in your head. This band has a great reverb heavy, pop sound that can surprisingly stick with you despite all the haze surrounding each song. Favorites are Walk In The Park, Zebra, Better Times & Take Care.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"Stacked with melodies, this is a superb album.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
6,"It sounds like Beach House, but also more modern (like they",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"Amazing, beautiful, dreamy, best album from Beach House yet.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"This is going to be one of the best albums this year.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"Great record with great songs. Ida meets Mazzy Star meets MBV. Highly recommended!",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"I'm confused with the low reviews. I liked the first two albums quite a bit, but felt that they were too ambient and weren't worth more than a couple listens. Teen Dream is, simply put, brilliant. I think this album achieves significantly more than the first two, specifically with the multitude of catchy rhythms. These melodies will be stuck in your head all day, and don't wear out. Great mood to the album too. Really felt like this was album of the year worthy; suppose the critics don't agree.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2010"
10,"I'm addicted to this album. 'Zebra' and 'Silver Soul' take me to heavenly realms.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2010"
9,"It's a little overwrought, but Victoria's vocals take a leap forward into the soulful.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
9,"the first great album of 2010 and the new decade. their previous 2 albums are very good, but this is something else altogether.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
10,"Consistent and inspiring, with different moods and wonderful melody changes.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2010"
9,"All the things you liked about the first two albums and more!",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"Just glorious. Absolutely love it.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"Rolling Stone has no guts. This is a modern classic. I slept to it all day yesterday, I fell in love to it the day before. This is easily the best album of the year so far. Do yourself or you loved one a favor and pick this album up immediately, there won't be a better one all year. Winter's Love.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"User score: 6.6? Is this a joke? I can see this topping my 2010 list, and we are in January.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"Excellent album. Stunningly beautiful vocals and arrangements.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2010"
9,"Exceptional album. Completely blindsided me. I had never thought much of Beach House before, but the songwriting and execution of these dream-pop gems are astounding. Hauntingly beautiful and catchy. I'm in love.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2010"
10,"A great great 3rd album, everything you thought it would be and more, way more. you'll have to listen over and over as the vibes just pull you in don't buy into the comparisons or the hype, just listen and you'll hear that familiar beach house sound with a touch of evolution.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2010"
9,"Not perfect but mind-blowing.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2010"
6,"I'm a huge Beach House fan, but by leaning more towards the conventional indie rock sound (that critics LOVE), Beach house looses much of the uniqueness and intimacy present on their first two albums. Too bad...but Victoria's voice is amazing, I must say!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2010"
9,"I finally understand Beach House now. Having said that, Teen Dream is a beautiful album that needs to be listened too. Each track is layered with sonic melodies and sung beautifully by Victoria Legrand who has such a lush and smooth voice. All In All, Teen Dream is a grower, at least for me, but it's absolutely needs to be listened too by anyone who appreciate artistic music. A-",0,0,"Jul  9, 2012"
8,"Helps when you want to have a sweet dream in your sleep on sleepless nights, calming your emotion after a hard day or just chill in a short break. 'Teen Dream' is the strong legal painkiller and anesthetic which gives you pleasure all over your body without side effects. Those relaxing vocals, gentle guitar-picking and dream pop vibe are so cool. If you want a calming album to listen but you don't have a Norah Jones' record, this is the one to choose.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2010"
9,"A truly wonderful album. Their best work to date and, if it weren't for a certain Arcade Fire release, would undoubtedly be the best of 2010. 10 Mile Stereo is the highlight of the album and typifies the fine balance between ethereal and subtle struck throughout the album.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2011"
10,"I listened to this album when it first came out and i loved it at the time  Now m listening it again in 2013 and my musical understanding has grown a huge amount and it made me realize that some of the music from a couple of years ago that i praised wasn't as amazing as i felt it was  But this album didn't get any worse for me  it actually got far more better  The more i understand about music  the more i loved this album  I can not believe that this album didn't get a universal acclaim from users  it truly deserves it  This is the album Beach House perfected their sound and made some of the most beautiful melodies I've ever heard  One of the best albums of the century",0,0,"Jul  2, 2013"
9,"If u listen to this album more than once u will notice there tunes are so nice and all the songs are good so it is so easy to listen,it is the best album of beach house and one of the best of the year.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2011"
10,"It's easy to take a quick listen and respond with the basics: yeah it's slow, syrupy and melancholic. Did you forget who you were listening to? Beach House has crafted their most emotional direct, lyrically challenging and honest record to date. It's strummy, honey like music with the force to break down walls. Genius stuff.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2011"
10,"Hands down my favorite album of 2010, and one of my all time favorite albums. Teen Dream is a testament to  the unique and beautiful style of Beach House. All I can say is congratulations VIctoria and Alex for creating such a passionate piece of art.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2011"
7,"A dreamy pop record from start to finish. The band produce some great melodies that at time remind me of a more conventional Sigur Ros. At 10 tracks it's just enough, doesn't go on to long that you'll tire of it. A couple of take them or leave them tracks but more hits than misses here. Well worth a couple of listens.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
8,"Don't worry you're not the only one confused about whether the vocals are of a man or a woman. Personally, I believe the vocals provided by Victoria Legrand are expressed best in Beach house's first album. I wasn't crazy for their second album 'devotion' because it just didn't grab my attention, but their debut was similar to this. If you enjoyed Their self-titled LP 'Beach House', then except a one-up with Teen Dream.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2011"
9,"An absolutely stunning album. I first discovered Beach House as an opening act for another show about a year ago, and admittedly didn't really pay attention or appreciate this amazing band. After giving them another shot some months later, I'm so glad I did.In Teen Dream, Legrande's focuses more on human experience and the building and breaking of relationships. Her androgynous voice still manages to captivate the listener in a wonderful, dream-esque way. Possibly one of the best albums of 2010, I'm still stunned by this album.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2011"
9,"The Baltimore duo's strongest album.  Evolving but not straying too far from their signature sound.  The album initially grabs  you with its gorgeous melodies but make no mistake this album is much deeper than just pretty sounds.  It will take others a while for it to soak in. Either way, when you finally get there it is immensely beautiful destination.  When the album stops you get a feeling reminiscent of  waking up from a deep peaceful dream.",0,0,"May  5, 2012"
8,"Arguably the greatest release by Beach House. Amongst a society seemingly attached to MTV subculture, this album is unique and fresh.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2012"
10,"So far, Teen Dream stands as the peak of Beach House's discography. Bloom stands as a refinement of many of the ideas on TD, but TD stands as a bold step forward for the band. From Zebra to Take Care, every song is a marvel in itself. It's strung out, yet it's a tight set of 10 concise tracks putting Legrand's and Scally's talents on full display. It's a brilliant showcase of everything brilliant about Beach House.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
9,"Not only does she have a great grasp of her genre, she writes beautiful and thoughtful lyrics as well. Music is obviously very personal for her, so don't be surprised when she strikes you. If you don't get emotional, you may be a robot...  I adore her.",1,1,"Feb  8, 2014"
10,"A Really Really good folk record. Has energetic songs like 'Walk You Down' or 'Gold Rush' beside soft songs and the result is really astonishing. I truly enjoyed it",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
9,"Impecvel Bowie ao vivo,s no 9 ou 10, pelas escolhas de algumas msicas B- do camaleo... Porm com muitos clssicos que no pode faltar no repetrio de David Bowie e tambm novos clssicos do Heathen (2002), Reality (2003) e Outside (1995)...",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
6,"Mr. Ingle finally releases what can be consider a full length, or at least a 'mini' album. He shows promise on pop tracks like 'Can't Stand It' but slows down on tracks like 'Sacriligious'. All in all the album is worth checking out.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2010"
8,"The 'no ripcord' review of this album is amazing in its complete lack of musical perspective in comparing this music to surf rock. I mean I guess it must be since surfer is in their name... right? The assumption that the author makes, that the musicians in this band are somehow paying homage to a slew of bands they probably don't listen to is wildly amusing.",1,1,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"Best damn record this year, and the year is just starting!!! a must listen. the hooks, OMG THE HOOKS!!!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
8,"Nicely done guitar interplay and well put together tunes carry this enjoyable debut from these Florida youngsters. The album blazes out of the gate with four excellent tunes and does not let up. The mood does darken toward the end, but it's no downer. 'Anchorage' may well be my favorite tune on this immediate winner. Most of the reviews state it accurately: shades of Shins, Pixies, Pavement and Weezer abound. Recommended to fans of the aforementioned.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
9,"Excellent Stuff! Truly great for 1st timers and I'm excited to see what a major producer will do for them although the slightly 'unclean' feel of these songs makes me think Beach Boys. Never a bad comparison! Start listening with Anchorage.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2010"
7,"This album captures the throwback feel while sounding modern. Just because 'surfer' is in the groups name, this sound has little to do with 'surf music'. Love the off kilter arrangements in spots. Lou Reed would be proud of his influences.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2010"
8,"This made my favorite albums of 2010 lists. Just a fantastic debut from the Florida based band. I look forward to hearing more of their work in the future. Early Weezer and the Pixes come to mind when I listen to the record.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
9,"Definitely more of a 'grower' than their first. Songs like White Sky and Diplomat's Son make it well worth the invested time, though. All the haters on here seem to be comparing them to other artists, but they're unique. They're not trying to be Paul Simon. That's what makes them so great and also apparently what bothers those who want a category to lump them in.",7,7,"Sep  3, 2010"
10,"Hmmmm... I'm kind of confused as to why this has such a low user rating. I find this to be an absolutely excellent album, better than their first if pretty much every aspect. Some standout tracks would be 'Horchata,' 'White Sky,' 'California English,' 'Run,' and 'Diplomat's Son.' I loved their first LP and am enjoying this one even more.",1,1,"Jan 12, 2010"
9,"Listening to this one a lot, so it must be good!",1,1,"Feb  2, 2010"
9,"'Contra' had the problem of impossible expectations. Fans want this, they want that.. and if they don't get it it's WW3. Not only does 'Contra' do whatever the **** it wants, but it does it fantastically and with the same effortless poise and class at their landmark debut.",1,1,"Sep  9, 2011"
8,"Very fun album, although you have to let it grow on you. Vampire Weekend's self-titled album is still better than this one, though. A little softer and more relaxed then their first album.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2011"
7,"The first one was better. The amount of good songs to bland songs is kinda even. Nothing horrible either, idk, why there is so much hate to this band, but oh well.",1,2,"Mar  8, 2013"
3,"Is the music competent? Yes. Is it an unapologetic aping of Rhythm of the Saints-era Paul Simon. Oh yes! Where is Vampire Weekend's own sound? It's apparently gone. Unacceptable.",1,3,"Jan 14, 2010"
0,"If you are wearing big plastic neon colored sunglasses and a v-neck you will love this album. If you like music that is unique and thoughtfully composed, you will be confused as to why this is getting so much hype. Does it deserve a 0? no, but i'm giving it one anyway. Suck it.",1,22,"Jan 15, 2010"
0,"I don't actually think it deserves a 0, but it certainly doesn't deserve a 6. Overrated hipster dribble.",0,9,"Jan 18, 2010"
5,"Not bad... Not good. Just regular.",0,1,"Jan 14, 2010"
5,"Daddy when you call me you can call me Al.",0,1,"Jan 14, 2010"
2,"The band is riding on the wave of hype and influence of pitchfork media. There is nothing new about this band. There is nothing ground breaking about this album. It is not that great.",0,3,"Jan 14, 2010"
1,"really messy. it seems as if they rushed this one. there are some ideas here, but overall the pieces are inchoate and end up as crap. stark contrast from their pristine, string-flourished debut. i;'m dissapointed in the group for not putting more effort into the songs.",0,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
5,"In a few years from now, no one will remember Vampire Weekend. They're a trend that won't last.",0,2,"Jan 16, 2010"
3,"Lackluster. Pretentious. Fatuous and vacuous. Those are words that came to mind whilst listening to this album. Shame. Their first album showed signs of promise.",0,4,"Jan 16, 2010"
5,"Boring and uninteresting, Vampire Weekend make a safe sounding album that whitewashes their worldly influences.",0,2,"Jan 17, 2010"
4,"when did this band become so bad that they don't know what their best material is and they stick it as bonus tracks here and there? also what the f happened to the strings and Upper West Side Soweto? now it's just a bad appropriation of Soweto.",0,1,"Jan 17, 2010"
5,"Don't they sound a bit gay though? Just saying i think Motley Crue deserve another listen.",0,5,"Jan 18, 2010"
5,"I'm only giving it a 5/10 because I only liked half the songs on this album.  My pick tracks (and the only ones I enjoyed):  3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 11. Diplomat's Son being my favorite, and Giving up the gun also. Why did they choose that awful song as a first single?",0,1,"May  7, 2013"
4,"What happened? Vampire Weekend's debut was of a style so fresh, simple and absorbing it couldn't help but collect masses of praise from critics and fans alike, yet they've somehow weighed themselves down in this second outing. Opener 'Horchata' and lead single 'Cousins' are full of such dizzying synth or percussion hooks you almost feel nauseous listening to them, while 'White Sky' is an uninspiring rip-off of Paul Simon's Graceland. The one high point on the album is 'Taxi Cab', which is actually one of the best tracks the band have ever written and the only example of them being able to replicate the beautiful harmony and delicacy of their debut while simultaneously being a change of style. The rest of the album sounds hideously like a Vampire Weekend tribute group that just don't get the sound.",0,1,"Oct  2, 2010"
3,"Better album than their last, but there's still something missing here. They just don't have the full sound they could on a lot of songs. The synths don't work as well for them as they think they do.",0,5,"Dec 14, 2010"
10,"This album was not at all a sophomore slump, but a great second album of Vampire Weekend.  This album from the beginning of Horchata, which perfectly invites and draws in the listeners to hear more to the last track, 'I think ur a contra' which perfectly ends the album.  The highlights of this album are 'Horchata' 'White Sky' 'Holiday' 'Taxi Cab' 'Giving up the Gun' 'Diplomat's Son' and 'I think ur a Contra'",0,1,"May 15, 2013"
8,"While you could say the first album was a 'perfect album' they should've tried something new with the second album and they did and it's pretty damn fantastic.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
10,"Excellent album. they are the most distinctive band around. run,horchata, and diplomat's son are my favourite songs. don't miss their sophomore. you may not find hits compared to their debut but you can easily find your own hits in 'contra'",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
7,"Not as good as debut, but it grows after every listening i love Run and Giving up the Gun. i dont understand why they chose that first single as it has nothing to do with the rest of the album and its the most 'normal' song",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
8,"Didn't knock me out like first album, bur still solid. Needs more of that great drumming from the first record.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
5,"Very very disappointing. When did Ezra turn into Weird Al?? Paul Simon's Graceland is a masterpiece which should and must never be compared to this junk. Batmanglij should focus more on keyboards and less on making VW another Discovery, i.e. useless and rubbish.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
9,"An extremely solid debut that retains their sound while still expanding on it. On repeated listens I learned to love the progressing sound and the ferocity of the songs, even in the more subtle tracks like 'Taxi Cab' and 'Diplomat's Son.' It's a definite grower if you give it more than one opportunity.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
9,"While coming off sounding a but like 'Vampire Weekend Remixed', the original New England charm manages to keep itself from becoming straight up quirk by the use of some great harmonies and bouncy musical devices.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2010"
9,"Excellent sophomore album that gets better after each listen. If you got into the sound on the first album this isn't a huge departure yet a solid album.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2010"
7,"It's technically solid, more so than their first album, but something is missing. Also, did not like their use of auto-tune, even if it's meant to be a joke.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2010"
9,"Just simply superb pop music. This is just a fun album and it has stripped away some of the pretension of their debut.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2010"
5,"Lyrics do not flow with many of the songs, seem oddly out of place",0,0,"Jan 17, 2010"
10,"I would give it a 20 if i could. Contra is so good, inventive and generous you want to dance, sing, laugh at the same time. probably one of the most important band now opening the decade with one of the best album. Chapeau.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2010"
9,"Vampire Weekend's debut album is a tough act to follow, so c'mon, cut these Ivy League boys some slack. Although nothing from 'Contra' gobsmacks you with the same immediacy as 'I Stand Corrected' and 'Oxford Comma', a backlash is unwarranted. If anything, the songs, this time around, are better arranged, which almost makes up for the disappointing tunesmanship. 'Giving Up the Gun', with its percussive backing track, gives minimalism a good name, just like Prince did during his glory years(disc one of 'Sign of the Times', and 'Kiss'(from 'Parade')), and more importantly, the one track that would've been at home on the band's superlative debut. There's other highlights, albeit only for fans with realistic expectations. The lead singer sounds like a collegiate Paul Simon on 'Taxi Cab', had 'Graceland' been recorded at the beginning of the old folkie's career. 'Run', and especially 'Horchata', while not pure songs(any garage band could cover 'A-Punk' and sound great), indie-rock songs that transcend its sometimes limiting aesthetic, the African-flavored percussions and baroque instrumentation adorn the two 'Contra' tracks with a lot of textural detail; they're busy songs that give the listener something to unpack. 'This ain't no [sophmore slump]/this ain't no fooling around'. 'Contra' is 'no party', 'no disco'; the improved musicianship shows a newfound respect for the African sounds they're pillaging.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2010"
9,"I have listened to this album several times and it is an infectious, captivating recording. I literally wore out my copy of VW's debut--not much new ground covered here, but the energy and enthusiasm is palpable. It sounds great on my home stereo and great on my mp3 player, bursting with instrumentation and catchy tunes. I love what the Guardian said: 'sounding a bit like Paul Simon's Graceland being covered by 90s geeks They Might Be Giants.' That really says it all. Fantastic record.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
10,"Beautiful, clever, and catch. This album has a certain heartfelt feeling that is missing from their first record, which makes up for the fact that Contra is less happy go lucky than their debut. Songs like 'Giving Up the Gun,' 'Diplomats Son,' and 'White Sky' stand out. With their sophmore album they prove that they are still smarter than their indie peers, but they also show that they are more more endearing.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
10,"Why such low user comments? oh your still stuck on KE$HA and other pop shit right? This album is perfect! wake up to what real music is or have you been in the smog of crappy music for so long you dont know what good music is anymore?",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
6,"'Cousins' is by far the best song on this album; too bad the rest of the album couldn't live up to those expectations. On first listen I came away bored and disappointed considering their debut made my Top 10 in 2008. I found the majority of the songs on 'Contra' too frilly and empty of emotion or groove, not to mention the overly annoying vocals. I'll give them another chance, but I have to say it was tough to make it through the first time.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
8,"I dont get why this is getting such bad user ratings. I think it is a stronger album than their first. Whilst not as immediate as the first, the songs seem more complex, and for that, will make the album more enjoyable to listen to down the trackl",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
8,"Not as catchy as their first album, but I feel it's a more mature second album over all it's a 'B' effort.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
8,"Although not nearly as immediate as their first offering, all these songs are huge growers. you'll be tapping your foot to the skittering beats (this is seriously one innovative if not overly showy drummer) and choppy and swirly electronic sounds in no time.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
9,"This is a great follow-up for Vampire weekends first CD. Their originality comes through on each song and they are as clever as they have ever been. But, we need more songs next time guys!",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
9,"This album doesn't have songs that grab you right away like their first album. However, I cannot stop from replaying the album all over again each time it finishes, and after several listens, every song continues to grow on me. It's really great to see that their first album wasn't a fluke. I can't wait for more music from these guys. The stand out songs for me: 'White Sky' and 'Run.'",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
10,"'Contra' has been on repeat for me ever since I got it on Tuesday. Yes, the first album was more instantly catchy, but this one is just as addictive and compulsively listenable. I keep singing 'He was a diplomat's suh-uh-uh-un / he was eighty-wu-uh-un' over and over again. It's really a great grower if you just keep listening! Good early candidate for Best of 2010.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
5,"If you want the real VW, listen to Contramelt A and B on the bonus disc. The main release is MOR pop crap. Enjoy the Billboard number 1 Batmanglij with your production-lite techniques.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2010"
10,"I must be hearing this band differently than others because I disagree with the consensus that this is good but worse than their debut. In every way, this sounds to my ears like the confident delivery of what was, to this point, merely potential.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2010"
9,"This album is a very good one. Perhaps not as good as their first, but songs like 'Cousins' and 'Diplomat's Son' are as good as 'A-Punk' or 'Oxford Comma'. I take this album for what it is: a very good sophomore effort.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2010"
10,"Vampire Weekend is a great band! Their music is always unpredictable, they always have cool beats and dynamic lyrics! Get CONTRA NOW!",0,0,"Jan 17, 2010"
9,"While the majority of people I'm sure won't agree with this; I think it's slightly better than their debut. It's a little more colorful and they explore a greater range of sounds. The tremolo pick in 'Cousins' is a complete ripoff of 'Thunderstruck'.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2010"
8,"I seem to be in the minority here, seeing the User Votes average, but I thought it was as good as their first! OK, there's nothing as catchy as A-Punk (not even lead single Cousins), but neither it there anything as embarrassing as One (Blake's Got A New Face). Best Song: either Diplomat's Son or I Think Ur A Contra. Like their debut, the album begins spikily and gradually becomes more emotional.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
10,"Great album, I'm already looking forward to the next one.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
10,"This is the most entertaining album I have heard in a couple years! It's really surprising as the Vampire Weekend's previous releases weren't among my faves. It's such a wonderful album, I am addicted listening to it from beginning to the end non-stop. This album will be classic in the years to come. A real and hugely entertaining masterpiece!",0,0,"Jan 24, 2010"
9,"Positive and catchy songs. Pleasure to listen.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2010"
7,"While the disc is certainly quite solid it doesn't resonate as brightly as their debut, I'm afraid. I've played it five times in just a couple of days and I'm still waiting for some of the tunes to sink in. The band appears to have a large contingent of haters out there (witness the ridiculous 0 scores which are bringing down the user ratings) matched by an overzealous fanbase. I'm a fan but tread more moderately. The challenge for them will be what to do next.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
8,"At least Ray W. and Mr. T gave it a fair and objective listen. The ratings on this albums are an example of why I never go by user reviews 101.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2010"
9,"I agree that VW's follow-up isn't as immediate as their debut. But give it several listens, letting the songs sink in. The songs sound bigger, more confident. The most impressive aspect is that VW have shown that they can evolve their sound and still deliver another batch of excellent songwriting.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
8,"As Pitchfork said, the album has a much more eccentric sound to it. Although the songs aren't altogether as strong as the first album, Contra is brighter and newer sounding as their debut. Sure, they're not going to win over any new fans with this one, but any music coming from Vampire Weekend feels like a breath of fresh air, so who cares anyways? It's as brilliant of a follow-up as you could expect from such a good first album. Highlights: White Sky, I Think Ur A Contra, Horchata.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
9,"They're taking chances. They're expanding their palette. They still make great pop songs. Why are people hating this? I don't like preppy fashion either, but why should they pretend to be someone else? Get some taste.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
9,"Although the music may not seem as fresh as their first album upon first listen, when further inspected, Contra is more finely crafted and interesting than their first record and an incredibly fun listen.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
10,"Amazing. I am a huge fan of their first album, and Contra expands on their style then while still keeping the same spirit. I would highly recommend lead singer Ezra Koenig's tongue-tying autotuned vocals in 'California English', the upbeat 'Holiday', and the M.I.A. sampling 'Diplomat's Son'. All great stuff on the album.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
10,"After listening to the record 5 or so times, I can tell that this is going to be a keeper. It's rare that I can listen to an album 5 times within a few days, and like it more with each listen. I find Vampire Weekend to have such a natural, organic sound to their music that it both excites me and calms me at the same time. And at the end of the day, stirring emotion is what music's all about, isn't it?",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
9,"A great album that improves from the already awesome debut album, with the only misstep being 'Diplomat's Son.'",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
8,"Nice follow-up to the first one. Boatloads of wordplay soaked in African rhythms and snarky East Coast College attitude. Not warm and fuzzy, but varied, entertaining and fun.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
9,"This album is not as good as their first. However, it is very, very good. Holiday, California English, and Giving Up the Gun are personal favorites. Their sound is incredible. If you liked Wolfgang Amadeus by Phoenix, you'll like this.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
10,"It's definitely a grower, but it's thoroughly amazing by the third or fourth lesson.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
9,"Not as great as their debut album, but still a pretty amazing one. They don't stray far from their signature sound that won all of us over two years ago. A great way to start off the music of 2010!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
9,"Great Album with inventive beats and short guitar rhythms. They have very catchy lyrics and they use the synth a lot more in this music. The 1st album is better though. People who gave this album a bad review seem like they have not listened to the whole thing.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
6,"Does anyone else find this music not very exciting?",0,0,"Jan 16, 2010"
7,"Not as solid as the debut - still pretty unique and worth repeated listens.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2010"
8,"It is not as fun as their first album, and some of the songs are downright frustrating. 'Contra' is, however, a creative and catchy album that serves as a worthy sophomore effort.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2010"
9,"My favorite album of the year. Richer than their first and a great mixing of playful originality with accessibility. Haters, go back to listening to Motley Crue, then, or Battles, then, whatever your thing is. This is my kind of thing.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2010"
9,"This album is excellent.  While it's not as immediately accessible as VW's self-titled, Contra is just as good as that debut, and is quite rewarding over time.  It provides the listener with a somewhat new variation of the band.  Their electronic elements are increased here amidst the Afro-pop beats and guitar riffs, but they still manage to maintain their identifiable sound. And the songwriting is just as thoughtful, and dense as before. Ultimately, Contra is the sound of a band that has properly evolved.  A simultaneously ambitious and catchy album.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2013"
10,"One of the few albums I can listen to without changing track. It's far better than their first LP. 'near-perfection'? What kinda music are you listening to?, coz it must be terrible.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2010"
8,"It isn't as consistently good as their first album, but this is still worth buying, it has a couple standout songs. I like that they didn't completely abandon what brought them initial success.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2010"
8,"Took me awhile to fully enjoy this album but to be honest, I kind of didn't want to like this band. I thought for some reason that this was a band that's lame to like. But I was sorely mistaken. From the catchy opener 'Horchata' to there hit single :Giving Up The Gun', Contra is almost a flawless. Ezra Koenig's vocals are simple yet so perfect for these pop tracks. All In All, Contra is a great album that shouldn't go missed. B+",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
8,"'Contra' features many interesting catchy tracks like 'Cousins', 'Giving Up the Gun', 'Horchata' and 'Holiday'. Maybe your children below age of ten may like this because it is so childlike, and maybe it'll be pass down to the next few generations too. Ezra Koenig & co. really know how to play funky music with their drums, guitars and keyboards.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
7,"Having despised their first album, I had no idea I would love Contra as much as I do. But Vampire Weekend has managed to take everything I hated about their debut and turned it into a much more likable sound.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2011"
8,"Vampire Weekend's playfulness from their debut album continues delightfully on 'Contra'. Although one may feel that they're rehashing some of the formulas they captured the first time around, they have vitality and inspiration all the way through. Highlights, as 'Holiday', are songs you'll be humming long after you've turned off the record.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2011"
9,"This might be an album that has to grow on you a bit but after a few listens I got hooked. I think this second album is even better and a little deeper musically than their previous album. Lots of great tunes here and my personal favorites are Holiday, White Sky, and Cousins. The only track i felt was weak which is why i rated 9 is i don't care too much for the song California English. It was a bit goofy but none the less a solid album!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2011"
9,"Not nearly as good as their self titled debut album, but still fantastic non the less. The only tracks that didn't catch my fancy very much were California English and Run, otherwise, the album is pitch perfect. VW returns with their fun, upbeat, and unique sound.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2011"
9,"this album was excellent.  the singing and songwriting were good.  the album showcases their musical ability.  and they are fantastic.   white sky and taxi cab are great songs.  diplomat's son as also a winner",0,0,"Jul 31, 2011"
10,"I don't see why this album is so harshly judged by so many. It seems superiour to original in basically every possible way of comparing the two. The reason why the original album was so strong was that every there were no weaker song and all were instantly likeable from the first listen. This album seems the same, with the possible exception of California English which wasn't instantly likeable, but I am now a fan of. How Contra differs is that it has much more depth than the debut, with the final three songs being so much greater than the sum of their parts. I really see it being very close to infallible, as there really isn't anything notable I can find to criticise...
While I find it impossible to ever pick a definitive 'favourite album', Contra would be one of the three albums that get down to the 'you can't make me choose between them' stage.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2011"
10,"I think that this album contains any magic effect on me, when i listen songs like diplomat's son (a relly fantastic song). Cousins, Horchata, Holiday and Giving up the gun offers diversity into his own style and interpretation of music. A beautiful continuation o his debut album.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2011"
7,"The album Contra definitely builds off of it's predecessor (Vampire Weekend), but it is still kind of bland in some areas.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2012"
10,"Here's the thing: I didn't really like their first album all that much.  'Oxford Comma' was nice and all, but the rest of the album was just a bit twee and insubstantial for my tastes.  What makes Contra such a great record is that it packs much more of an instrumental punch than it's predecessor, while deftly maintaining everything that people love (and hate) about Vampire Weekend.  It's smarter, too: whereas the self-titled seemed naive and precious - and thus a wide-open target for it's legions of critics - Contra, on the other hand, seems proudly defiant.  Tracks such as 'Horchata' and 'Holiday' encapsulate everything haters love to spout about, but this only contributes to the fact that these songs are, in fact, catchy as hell and extremely well done, as is the rest of the album.Over all, an enormous improvement over their so-so debut, and one that is capable of both nuance and the blissed-out excitement that put them on the map in the first place.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2012"
8,"Contra doesnt completely manage to worthily follow up their surprisingly good debut, but is really close to their self-titled first release two years ago. The New York indie band has maintained their nebulous lyrics and experimental music style that takes reggae, ska, baroque, Afrobeat, and so many other weird types of music that most likely arent even named, and throws them all into one single song. This definitely needs getting used to, but if youve listened to Vampire Weekend before (which if you havent done, youve really missed an important new band), then you should be accustomed to their unconventional kind of music and should have great fun with this CD straightaway. Just like Oasis, Arctic Monkeys, or so many other popular alternative rock bands out there, the band members oftentimes arent sure about their songs meanings themselves which gives the listener dozens of interpretations on the 10 songs that Contra offers us. The phrasing is intelligent plus lovely to hear and the four guys are totally personable. Therefore, just like with their entrance in the big music business, Contra isnt a real musical masterpiece, yet an endearing album that you will think about a lot and will immediately want on your iPod. After all, its only contra is that most tracks just arent as catchy as the songs on Vampire Weekend.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2013"
10,"Just as good as the first. To me, it feels like they got the good things in their eponymous debut album and mixed it with electronic aspects, creating something even more unique.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2012"
9,"[9.3] Contra has a lot of things that Vampire Weekend clearly wants, and clearly recognizes that they didn't have them before. Their debut was self-admittedly pure fun, and while the songwriting was smart, catchy, and generally accessible, it was clearly an exhibition of influence. They wanted very much to get right in your face, and tell you 'look at what we know.' There is certainly no problem with having influences, but with their debut, they didn't have the right attitude to support their ideas. They wanted to have fun, and more importantly, they wanted other people to have fun. They didn't make music for themselves, which is generally the undoing of many great bands. Contra is a an experiment of self-realization, and it has a whole f*cking lot of character to realize. Their influences are absolutely still there, but now they actually know how to use them. Instead of just saying 'look at what I know,' they say, 'look at what I know, and look at how I'm using it.' Now their influences have purpose, they use fun, generally not well-known African pop beats and show how they can be beautiful, rather than just fun. The result is great, and sometimes even nostalgic. One might get the feeling of driving on a tropical island listening to some eccentric Afro-beat, which is almost reminiscent of some video games (or specifically, Far Cry). The sound is distinct, instantly recognizable, and greatly rewarding. While it isn't a reflective album, it doesn't need to be. It's an album about growth (themed appropriately), and most importantly, self-satisfaction. Vampire Weekend passes the test that all new bands struggle with and usually can't figure out. They know what their place is, and they don't care what their audience thinks it is because they don't have to, and they know that.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2013"
9,"In my opinion, this is easily their best album. The collection of songs are stronger than those of the debut album and the band has produced some brilliant catchy tracks. Overall the album is a near-masterpiece.",0,0,"May 12, 2013"
6,"I loved the Vampire Weekend debut. It was a slick combination of indie rock, baroque pop anthems and surf rock guitar riffs. Contra, at it's time in 2010, was a highly anticipated album that some say had too much hype than it should have gotten. To be honest, I agree. There are some tracks on this album that I absolutely loved, (Take Diplomat's Son, and 'Cousins'), and some that were so-so. To be honest, I only like about half of the track son this record, the others grew on me. I'm giving them credit for building on their own sound, and again, I really really love some of these tracks, however, that's only half the package.
It just never grew on me. 6/10",0,0,"Apr 29, 2013"
9,"A solid showing after the brilliant self-titled album. Contra isn't always right on the money, but more often than not the songs will grow on you, and you'll be a huge fan of the album in time. Vampire Weekend experiments a bit more in this album, but sticks to their sound, and they pull it off. Not as good as Vampire Weekend, but just as good in it's own way. A solid album from Vampire Weekend!",0,0,"Oct  7, 2013"
9,"The second album has really great songs throughout! I really liked their first album and Contra definitely doesnt disappoint! My fave tracks on the album: White Sky, California English, Cousins",0,0,"Jul 10, 2013"
8,"This is one of the most unique albums I've heard in recent memory. Maybe even of all time. How an album this adventurous reaches #1 on Billboard is a mystery.
Apparently Contra refers to four things. On the surface, this record's about a breakup. On top of that, he's added stuff about an 80s videogame called 'Contra', Nicaraguan politics, and an album by the Clash called Sandinista! that he quotes and references several times throughout. What the  I don't give a  about Nicaragua, old videogames, or the unsatisfying follow-up to London Calling. Why would you load your album with all that?
But that hardly matters. What I get from this is some guy who's been into all of these things recently and needed to put them all under one umbrella, using the word Contra to bring them together. I can't blame him for that; he's just writing about what he knows. In fact, his mind jumping around random subjects makes the central part of this  the breakup aspect  a lot stronger. It seems counterintuitive considering the other stuff would DETRACT from that, but to me it doesn't. The last track, the only one without all the Clash/Nicaragua/videogame bull****, is incredibly satisfying whereas in any other setting it would be a blowoff of a breakup song.
Now this is definitely a departure from Vampire Weekend's self-titled debut, but that's a good thing. I liked a lot from that, but it's not too revisitable. Fortunately, improvements have been made in the right places. The falsetto has been laid off except on the last track, where it fits. There is little to no filler on here. The incomprehensible lyrics are still incomprehensible, but actually do flow with one another.
You're a pretentious band, but that's what you do. You've done absolutely everything to improve on your last record.
I give this an eight out of ten, almost a nine, but not quite one. I hoped it would be higher considering all the great stuff I've been hearing. But it's good enough, and a must-listen for anyone.
STANDOUT TRACKS: HORCHATA, HOLIDAY, CALIFORNIA ENGLISH, TAXI CAB, COUSINS, GIVING UP THE GUN, I THINK UR A CONTRA",0,0,"Nov 25, 2013"
9,"One of my favourite albums of the 21st century. It combines their upbeat, feel good music with a distinct African vibe. Very well written and composed, I highly recommend this.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2013"
10,"Contra feels spontaneous but precisely methodical, joyful but profoundly melancholic, frenetic but sensible, free-spirited but analytical, and old but also brand and originally new. It's not a cohesive group of sounds we haven't already heard before: it's way much worked and mature. It has maximized Vampire Weekend's intentions and power to another frontier. It's outstanding!",0,0,"Jan 15, 2015"
10,"Contra is a bright, bold, fun and exciting 2nd album from Vampire Weekend,  where there aren't really any bad songs at all, and no rough patches. This is a clean, and limitless nearby masterpiece.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2014"
10,"My favorite album of all time. This is a true masterpiece. Vampire Weekend perfects their style that was revealed to us with their debut. I can't even give a standout song because they're all flawless and perfect. Everybody who's in to indie rock, alternative, or even trying to get into alternative, owe it to themselves to hear this. A true masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
10,"This album is just as amazing as the first and third. With fantastic songs like Diplomat's Son, and some of Vampire Weekend's more popular tracks like Holiday and Cousins, there's no way someone could deny this album's glowing perfection!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2015"
10,"I find it hard to understand Contra's tendency to be the most disliked Vampire Weekend album. It is the perfect follow-up to 'Vampire Weekend', the band's first album, and it contains many of the things which made it marvellous, but with different flavours and a wider array of influences, such as classical, synthpop, ska, and reggae. The songs are all at the standard Vampire Weekend calibre, and that is an amazing feat in itself. Some of the stand-out tracks include I Think Ur A Contra (my personal favourite), Giving Up The Gun, and Diplomat's Son.",0,0,"May 24, 2015"
10,"Great album from start to finish, invoking the feeling of light 60s rock all over again. The collaboration with Paul McCartney is an absolute joy to behold. Ringo may be slated as a poor singer when compared to the 3 other Beatles, but in such company he was always going to. If you compare this album to a lot of recent artists, he more than holds his own as a great musician AND vocalist. Thank you for a great Rock and Roll album Ringo!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2010"
5,"The single, 'Walk With You' is great, but it's also, by far, the best track on this not so good album. I've loved everything he's done from 'Time Takes Time' to 'Liverpool 8', but this is where the comeback streak ends. No it's not quite as bad as 'Bad Boy' or 'Ringo The IV', but it's as inconsequential as 'Old Wave', or 'Stop & Smell The Roses' or 'Rotogravure'. Honestly not worth wasting any more typing time on...hope he bounces back...again.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
0,"Rather unfair to cynically try to raise the average by giving it a 10, so will do justice and fairness a favour and give it an equally undeserved 0. No offense intended Ringo.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2010"
10,"I don't actually think this album is flawless, but I had to raise the average a little to do Ringo justice. It's a solid album.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
8,"Very good album.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2010"
9,"Loved most of the songs on the album! Favorites are defiantly 'Walk with you' 'Time' 'Other side of Liverpool' 'Fill in the blanks' and 'Mystery of the night' Didn't really like 'Who's your daddy' I felt it didn't really fit in with the rest of the songs.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2010"
10,"This new Ringo album is really the best work he has recorded in years. There's not much pop music here, just rock. It's also an fun and encouraging listen. It's nice to be able to hear Ringo still at it here in 2010.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2010"
10,"I have always been a fan of Ringo's music (except for perhaps the late 70's) and I think this album is the best he has had in a long time. After the split with Mark Hudson, people were expecting something new from Ringo, and that's exactly what he did. His duet with McCartney was superb and I can't wait to see what he does next.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2013"
6,"A lot of just pop filler, but overall this is a good debut from Ke$ha. 'Your Love Is My Drug' 'Take It Off' and 'Animal' are my standout tracks on the album.",2,2,"Apr 11, 2013"
0,"Ke$ha is your stereotypical pop artist, one that can not sing. If you have ever heard her live, you will know what I mean. In one point in time, having SOME singing talent was a requirement to be a pop star. Today, all you need to be have is a party girl image and pretend to be drunk everywhere you go. This whole album is full of autotune. Every. Single. Song. Yes, it's catchy. Doesn't mean it's worthy anything.",1,1,"Sep 16, 2010"
1,"Too much auto-tune and not enough actual talent. Oh and she can't spell. I refuse to call her Ke-sha, and always refer to her as 'Ke-dollar-ha'. It's how it's spelled...",1,1,"Feb 20, 2011"
1,"Absolutely awful.  Despite a couple of catchy beats, the lyrics are so vacuous and trite and the singer's voice so grating (dare I call her a singer?  She talks her way through most of the album with the voice of a bratty 13 year old) that any redeeming qualities imparted by beat or production are negated.  Ke$ha makes the likes of Britney Spears, Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus look like refined ladies.  If I were a singer, I'd be embarrassed to share a label with her.  Just YUCK.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2010"
4,"This album is mostly filled with Auto-Tune, computerized beeps in the wrong places, and too many songs sounding the same. First of all, we have the actually decent: 'Your Love Is My Drug', 'Take It Off', 'Dancing With Tears In My Eyes', & 'Animal'. Then we have the average: 'Tik Tok', 'Stephen', 'Hungover', 'Party at a Rich Dude's House', & 'Blind'. Then, come the utterly laughable: 'Kiss N' Tell', 'Blah Blah Blah', 'Backstabber', 'Dinosaur', & 'Boots & Boys'.",1,1,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"Definitely a contender in the run for Best Album of 2010. The beats are sick (thanks to the genius that is Dr.Luke). The lyrics are sicker. Her voice is so autotuned it's ridiculous...But it all makes for a fun album. A MUST-HEAR album for parties to come. I was ready to write her off as jst another white-trash Britney wannabe...but this girl has BALLS...and i mean BALLS! Songs like 'Boots & Boys' & 'Take it Off' are basically Britney songs sung in Ke$ha's voice. But the songs have HIT written alll ove them.",4,5,"Jan 18, 2010"
3,"No amount of autotune can turn Ke$ha from glittery train wreck into a bona fide Britney competitor cause lets face it - thats all Ke$has after. Take it off and V.I.P are the only great tracks.",3,4,"May 24, 2011"
1,"It looks like Kesha and Justin Bieber are trying their hardest to to make mainstream music even worse than it is. This album is disgustingly awful, with terrible lyrics and oh so many stutters. She barely even sings; she just talks the lyrics.",3,4,"Apr  9, 2011"
8,"I must not have any taste, but this CD makes me smile. I am not sure she is trying to be ironic, but damn if I want to laugh. The beats are catchy. She reminds me of an Uffie, but with better production.",2,3,"Jan 19, 2010"
3,"Ke$sha has a hard time understanding her job. Music Artist are supposed to create and break boundaries. Not mock them. 'Animal' may be praised for it's catchy tunes. But not all catchy music is good music. With little to no intelligence, 'Animal' has to be one of the hardest to listen to albums I've ever heard. Where there are witty and asinine lyrics and abuse use of an Auto-Tune plugin, you get a sound that is under worked, lazy, and overrated.",2,3,"Jul 27, 2011"
4,"Well............not good. I Like a lot 'Take it Off', but not the other songs.... the sound is the same in all the songs... the kind of album with 2 hits and no substance, like LMFAO's 'Sorry for party rocking' but better.( sorry for my English )",2,3,"Mar 25, 2012"
5,"To many same sounding songs.",3,6,"Jan  6, 2010"
10,"Best album of 2010. 1. 'Your Love Is My Drug'    7/10 (Annoying Chorus, great otherwise)2. 'Tik Tok'    8/10 (Great Track, But Over Played)3. 'Take It Off'    10/10 (Amazing track all around, only critique too much autotune)4. 'Kiss 'N' Tell'    10/10 (Great lyrics about a cheating boyfriend, overall extremely catchy)5. 'Stephen'    5/10 (Oh dear, only song i cant stand)6. 'Blah Blah Blah' (featuring 3OH!3) 10/10 (Effective lyrics and great overall track)7. 'Hungover'    10/10 (A softer side of Kesha, great track) 8. 'Party at a Rich Dude's House'   7/10 (Missing a special something)9. 'Backstabber'    8/10 (Great track)10. 'Blind'    10/10 (Favorite track from the album)11. 'Dinosaur'    7/10 (Funny but a little blah)12. 'Dancing with Tears in My Eyes'   9/10 (Amazing lyrics, typical chorus)13. 'Boots & Boys'    6/10 (Missing something)14. 'Animal'    10/10 (Great track )",2,4,"Aug 11, 2010"
9,"This CD Should Of Won ALBUM OF THE YEAR! A Great Debut Album, Almost As Good As Katy Perry's One Of The Boys.
Kesha 'Ke$ha' Sebert Has A Very Different Sound Than Anyone I Have Ever Heard..  I Don't Care What Other People Say 'She Can't Sing Live Withought Autotune' Yes It Sounds Different... But Still Good!
Below Is A Score Of Every Song On Ke$ha's Debut Album: Animal
Your Love Is My Drug 10/10
Tik Tok 9/10
Take It Off 9/10
Ki$$ And Tell 8/10
Stephen 9/10
Blah Blah Blah (The Hardest Song To Score.. I Hate The Guys.... K$ Does Fine) 8/10
Hungover 10/10
Party At A Rich Dudes House  8/10
Blind 9/10
D.I.N.A.$.A.U.R. (Best Lyrics)  10/10
Dancing With Tears In My Eyes 8/10
Boots & Boys (The Worst Song On The CD 6/10)
Animal (BEST VOCALS & The BEST SONG ON THE CD!) 10/10",2,4,"Oct  7, 2011"
9,"Already think it will be one of the best albums this year!!",1,2,"Jan 11, 2010"
8,"After the huge success of 'TiK ToK', all we could expect from Ke$ha was a party-all-the-time-album. Well, seems like the new rising star of 2010 have more than fun to offer in her debut-album 'Animal'. The tracks 'Blind' and 'Dancinw With Tears In My Eyes' show this. But don't be foolish to think that the party here is poorly. 'Take It Off', 'Blah Blah Blah' and 'Party At A Rich Dude's House' are three of the best dance tracks of 2010. Mix all this with a funny-track ('Stephen'), an alternative song-truth ('Animal') and a teenager-adventure ('Backstabber' and 'Dinosaur') and you've got one of the greatest albums of the year.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
8,"I'm giving her an 8 just because I enjoy Tik Tok and I think she deserves a little love for it. After listening to the album twice, I can't really remember any of the songs, but there were definitely some chuckle worthy lyrics in there, particularly from the terribad 'Dinosaur.' She seems a little like a sloppy ho, which resonates with me hahah. I'll look forward to a maybe more thought-through second album.",1,2,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"I love this album, this is what 2010 should sound like. Ke$ha is the next star in today's pop scene.",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
10,"LOVE this album!!",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
9,"Despite the ridiculous lyrics the album is a fun catchy dance album!",1,2,"Jan  9, 2010"
10,"This is very new music. Some songs sound similar at first listen. The album grows and grows on you. Great album.",1,2,"Jan 11, 2010"
0,"Abusive use of synthesizer to mask Kesha's inability to sing this kinda of music (whatever you call it, dance, pop...) has succeeded in fooling most of us (as people are finding it appealing). There is an emergence of electronic music nowadays, but that does not mean that the singer should not care about making use of his/her real voice; after all, singing remains vocal music accompanied by musical arrangements (merely talking all through videogame sounds does not make a song). May be she can try and sing more naturally next time; wish you best Kesha if you read this.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
0,"No talent, horrible voice, horrible lyrics, just flat out horrible. The only people who ever like her are preppy teenage girls, and trust me they have horrible taste in entertainment. Also, what were the critics thinking?! 63?! I was expecting this to be a 38 or something. Yet they rate down good bands like Seether, Theory of a Deadman, Nickelback, Hinder, Three Days Grace, and yet rate up this loser....please.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
0,"It really is sad that there are people who enjoy this. It's not even music...it's a product of the music industry for a quick buck.",1,2,"Jan 16, 2010"
10,"New pop princess Ke$ha proves that she can make hits easily with this re-freshing electro-pop album, 'Animal'. With all songs written by the young starlet, they focus around typical things that happen in life; such as having an untrustworthy friend (Backstabber), going out and having a good time despite having no money (TiK ToK), or feeling lonely without having your lover by your side (Dancing with Tears in My Eyes). With this club banging album that'll be playing on your mp3 all night, I think 'Animal rightfully deserves a 10/10. Perfect material for a rising debut pop star. Adults and Teenagers will love it, it has a very fun anthem to it. Enjoy!",1,2,"Jan 18, 2010"
2,"There are only a couple of good songs. There are too many filler songs here. Nothing exciting about this album.",1,2,"Jan 18, 2010"
0,"Absolutely awful. Contains some of the worst music I have ever heard and contains some of the dumbest lyrics ever produced. Whoever gave this girl a record label seriously needs to be fired...this scum is stinking up the music world.",1,2,"Jan 19, 2010"
1,"This is ubber trash .. the sound and the gimmicky of kesha is just unflattering and her style and music underwhelms and leaves you wanting more.",1,2,"Jan  5, 2010"
1,"I'm a teenager and i even think this album sucks it sounds like all the other pop albums of the last decade. More people need to start listening to real music",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
1,"+1 for being a good looking girl. -10 for the lyric 'And now the dudes are lining up cause they hear we got swagger, but we kick em to the curb unless they look like Mick Jagger.' Easily the worst combination of words ever set to music.",1,2,"Jan  7, 2010"
8,"Its funny that it's either 0 points or ten points here for this album. seems like most of the people have just decided (by hearing Tik Tok) that she is just one rubbish product of greedy music-industry. well, i totally understand why you think so, though so after hearing tik tok for the first time. ok, her music is lyrically brainless, incredibly catchy (which may annoy some people) mainstream pop with autotuned vocals. despite those facts i am still able to enjoy this album, not as an atistically deep piece of art, but as a fun party-album that makes me want to sing-along and dance around. she has said herself that she made this album to make some people dance, so why you are taking it so seriously? listen to 'party at the rich dudes house' and tell me if you still think she's serious. i give 8 out of ten, because as i previously stated, this is perfect music for going out and having good time.",1,2,"Jan 28, 2010"
0,"I hate this album as much as the next guy but please quit crying about how much music has become a commodity because its really embarassing that I constantly see people going up to a tombstone entitled 'real music' leaving flowers and crying. Ok i never really saw that but the way you people act, it might as well be. Calm down people sheesh, Its just music, not your life.",1,2,"Dec 29, 2010"
0,"A Glittery- Pop- Auto-tune Mess with awful hooks and childish lyrics. She brings absolutely nothing new to the Pop table and appeals primarily to pre-teenage girls who could care less about its terrible lyrics. Granted there is a decent song in there in 'Animal' but the record as a whole is beyond awful.",1,2,"Dec 15, 2011"
8,"A great debut album, Ke $ ha knew well the effect of using auto-tune, their songs are fun to dance and forget their problems, is a complete album made for fun, as well as the artist, it may seem commercial but is nonetheless a good album.
Highlights: Tik Tok and Animal
Lows: Hungover and Boots And Boys",1,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Ke$ha is a the whore version of Taylor Swift, and I am not gonna lie but her cd is very catchy.",2,5,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"It's perfect for when you want a pulsating migrane. If you respect yourself and love music, just avoid Kesha at all costs. I mean, for the love of God, if she keeps getting money for this 'music' she'll never leave.",2,5,"Jun 16, 2011"
0,"Listened to this album with a completely open mind, and it was still absolutely horrible.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Another bad debut album. The lyrics are easily some of the most stupid ever. I'm a teenager and even i think this sounds terrible. Go listen to some real music.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Lets dissect this album. Lyrics:0 Quality:0 Musical Talent:0 Oh and BTW, everyone look up The Party by Justice ft. Uffie. Then come back to me and ask why Justice doesn't sue the living god out of Kesha.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Gutter-trash lyrics over Disney Channel beats... Who is this album even for? If 'Ke$ha' is attempting to be a joke, it's working... her problem is that it's just not funny. Luckily, no one will know who she is 6 months from now.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Nothing fun about this album...just some girl who keeps drinking about alcohol. Boring.",1,3,"Jan 22, 2010"
0,"God-awful to say the least. Redundant, the inappropriate and ineffective usage of Auto-Tube and the slutty drunk party girl persona. Honestly, sometimes you can even differentiate songs from another and discern when a song ends. You can thank my roommate for this review. Buy: N/ADownload: N/ASkip: Everything except 'Take It Off' which deserves one listen but no download",1,3,"Nov 21, 2010"
0,"Utter crap. The music biz is already way too diluted with garbage. This is worse than garbage. Let's hope she goes away for good. I saw her on Conan O'Brien. Stupid song, stupid lyrics and lame trashy manufactured MTV persona.",1,4,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Horrible, just plain horrible. Lyrics, Beats, and the HEAVY use of Auto-tune is disturbing. But I don't know who is worse though, her or Soulja Boy?",1,4,"Jan  8, 2010"
0,"Absolutely horrible 'music' that is more or less a copy of Uffie. How talking over beats with poor lyricism can be be considered music is anyone's guess. Rappers are much more clever than Ke$sha. Maybe the dollar sign in her name signifies how much it's worth?",1,5,"Jan 12, 2010"
2,"If Lady Gaga were a character on Jersey Shore, she'd be Ke$ha. Absolute garbage.",1,5,"Jan 22, 2010"
0,"utterly stupid. go listen to smashing pumpkins",0,3,"Jan  6, 2010"
4,"Only fun to listen to when you're wasted and making fun of it.",0,1,"Jan  8, 2010"
8,"Much like Lady Gaga's 'The Fame', Ke$ha's 'Animal' is one of the most well-polished successors to Britney Spears' 'Blackout'. Hard to listen at first, it becomes very enjoyable after multiple listens though intellectually, she never seems to veer away from the drunk materialistic gal she's embodying in every song or video. Even so, her portrayal is sincere and rocking and the fact that she doesn't give a f*ck what you think makes the music more enjoyable to listen to. A drunk record with a drunk soul.",0,3,"Jun  2, 2011"
9,"Surprisingly addictive. I keep listening to it over and over. Very catchy, funny, and there are some real hits on here. Favorite song right now is the title track Animal",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
8,"It's slutty, naughty, sleezy and over-produced. But that is the very reason as to why its such a success. Kesha comes off the streets and into our ears with one of the raunchiest albums of the year. But as drunken and atroshish as this album may be, her heart fills each song to its fullest like the cups of alcohol she has in her hands. Each song is frisky and fun, not trying to be a political statement or the next song you will hear at church. Kesha doesn't play by the rules and doesn't give a shit. Finally, an album that is pure joy and fluff (good fluff that it is). One-night stands and bottles of jack have never seemed so sophisticated.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
9,"Takes the inane debauchery of pop music and exaggerates it to a facetious extreme that is both fun and funny. Ke$ha is part of a new generation of pop artists including Lady Gaga, in that any kind of sincerity is forgone in favor of practicing the 'art' of popular music. This album has so many quotable lines it is sure to spread wildly and float regardless of critical response. With 5+ radio-worthy tracks, this album is a tailor-made sensation.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
10,"Love it......I'm sure the haters are either 30-something or only care about rockbands :) music doesn't have to be serious all the time.....HAVE A LIL FUN!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
10,"I love Ke$ha. I'm a teenager and I think her music is very different to most artist atm. I've listened Uffie before and Ke$ha kind is like the complete oppesites as the both make music about oppersite things. (listen to Uffie Dismissed and Ke$ha Blah Blah Blah too understand what I'm saying) so I don't see why people are comparing, If I compared Ke$ha too someone it would be Lady Gaga as there both electronica and make music about the same sort of things. But anyway Good album, I love pretty much all of it XD my fav song is Your Love is My Drug.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2010"
7,"With Animal, Ke$ha proves that she can make a nice-use of the auto-tune, with many danceable songs, despite this, we can't even say if she has any vocal ability.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2010"
7,"She has sass and i'll say that. The album has just a tad bit to much auto-tune to it. Yet songs like 'Kiss n Tell' and 'Your Love is My Drug' are obvious best. The worst ' Take it Off'. It has just too much auto-tuned to it.Though the dance sound is nice at many times.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2010"
7,"Animal have (like the most of the albums) a message on the lyrics. The message of Animal is: 'it's party time'. The album's lyrics are about party and that's good because in this world full of concerns, you need to forget it and chill out. However, the album take that party message to a extreme. The album in an only word: 'catchy'.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2010"
7,"Her debut album is neither bad nor too good. It is good. Her songs are catchy and fun. The album is made for the dancefloor from 'Your Love Is My Drug' to 'Animal.' Her techno-ballads possess that dancefloor beat. Lyrically, TiK ToK, Back$tabber, and etc is bad, 'trying too hard', and empty. I love the rhythm and beats but the alcoholic lyrics is not needed.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2010"
3,"It's funny how the Auto-tuned Lady Gaga, Ke$ha, earned so much money in the music industry. While musical talents like Bjork are trying to gather people's attention by using her original voice and avant-garde themed music, Ke$ha is just a girl who wants to get fame instantly without corcerning her music. Whoever says Ke$ha is good for making fun music is wrong. When you listen to the album, the first few things you will find hating in this album are the wasted lyrics and deafening Auto-tuned Ke$ha's voice. Ke$ha does not even use her own voice in the album. It's like a robot was making this album more than Ke$ha did. The lyrics are good only when you are in the club, starting fights or putting yourself in shame either you are totally drunk or high on drugs. I say Lady Gaga is a lousy artist. Yet, Ke$ha makes Lady Gaga similar to Kate Bush because she's so much worse than the bad Lady Gaga. It'll be a miracle to her if this album will be remembered as long as Diana Ross' album did.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
9,"I am a little ashamed to say that I really liked this album. Some may say a lot of bad things, but in it, there is tons of great songs. I mean, 'Tik Tok' already entered on the world pop culture. A lot of singers have covered this song, it appeared on Simpsons, and even earned a fun video parody with Star Wars. Everyone that listened to the song, got it stuck on their minds. I mean, it's not clever, but this is the POP song that we have been waiting since Britney Spears' 'Toxic.' But there are other two song extremely good on the album: 'Take It Off', a hard song that is incredibly catchy and 'Animal' that is the one that everyone that says that Kesha doesn't write good music should listen to. 'Hungover' is another song that shows a different side of her. I mean, you will like this album, if you do not take it seriously.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2010"
6,"Kesha might abuse her charm here and there, but Animal is an overly obnoxious, yet addictive guilty pleasure that spotlighted Kesha's fame and fortune. Overall, Animal gives us a hint of how crazily creative Kesha is in the studio, but let's hope she's a little more professional in her second studio album.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
1,"This is a great tornado of destruction. The auto-tune is the great emperor in the crisp voice of Ke$ha, creating an eerie echo and thundering. Tracks like 'Tik Tok' and 'Blah, Blah, Blah' are simply sharp arrows going at high speed directly to your eardrums. Just say, disappointing.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2012"
4,"Ke$ha is what a lot of pop stars are these days -- spunky and obnoxious. Animal is nevertheless a generic, yet irresistibly catchy dance album that is adequately produced, but notoriously cheap. Its standout track is its lead single, 'TiK ToK', which is -- again -- irresistibly catchy. However, a lot of its weakness draws from tracks such as 'Backstabber', that are flooded in heavy amounts of Auto-Tune and sound like they were recorded on GarageBand.",0,0,"May 31, 2011"
5,"Several songs, such as Blah Blah Blah and Take It Off, are very catchy - and that's all. Autotune is used on almost every track and is sometimes extremely irritating and makes all songs sound the same. It is good that she contributed to the songwriting on every track, but only some of them are worth a listen.",0,0,"May 30, 2011"
0,"...............................................................The way she presents herself in this album and in public is trash. She is one of the worst Brittney Spears ripoffs.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2013"
3,"Many say this album was 'the best of 2010' or 'the best way to begin the new decade'.  I beg to differ.  Very few of these songs here are actually enjoyable.  Actually, I can't think of one that I truly, solidly enjoyed.  'Your Love Is My Drug', 'TiK ToK', 'Blah Blah Blah', and 'Take It Off' are all stupid.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2011"
4,"Talk about filler! There are only 6 good tracks, the 4 singles, her appearance on the Taio Cruz record dirty picture and 1 album track called kiss and tell. The other 10 songs sound exactly the same and even the youth of today would cringe at the lyrics and the production could of been done by children. The only reason why I give it a 4 is because 6 of the tracks are good. If I was you I would just buy the 5 singles.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2011"
7,"The songs on Animal are catchy, but a lot of them are too similar and generic. Ke$ha does display a lot of personality on the album. Although there was a bit too much auto-tune, one thing I liked seemed to pop up on a few of the songs' final hooks: the way her vocals were layered (on Animal, DWTIME, KnT, Blind). Unfortunately, Ke$ha doesn't display as much talent as she has.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2012"
7,"There are many earworms on this album, but Kesha's delivery is the same in each song. It's part of her appeal, but it gets old quite fast. Once again I keep admiring the people who wrote these songs (it's not easy to write light pop songs that you can hum after hearing them once) rather than the performer. And after seeing Kesha live at some TV shows, it's clear that she needs autotune for more than just a cool sound effect.",0,0,"May 19, 2012"
8,"The debut album from Ke$ha is certainly a good one! Although the auto tune can be quite unkind at times theres no doubt the tracks on this are lyrically amazing and they will get you dancing! If you take a look at the 4 singles released TiK ToK,Blah Blah Blah,Your Love Is My Drug and Take It Off, most people just think its an album full of party tracks, wrong. Look at songs like Stephen, Blind and Dancing With Tears In My Eyes. Overall a favourable album with highlights such as TiK ToK, Animal, Your Love Is My Drug, Blind and Take It Off. The only low i can find in the whole album would be Boots & Boys, i just dont really like the song personally. If you dont have the album yet, pick it up now its worth it!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2013"
6,"The songs on this album don't differ much in sound, but they are catchy throughout the whole album. Most of them show some kind of lack of intelligent lyrics, but the album is still good enough to have several good moments (Take It Off, Backstabber and Dancing With Tears in My Eyes).",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
0,"If you are a fan of the over-use of auto-tune, bad songwriting, and horrible vocal skills, then this truly is the album for you. However, if u have 'ears' like the rest of us do, then it is not.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2012"
10,"After 20+ listenings I would give the album an A.
After a while you learn to appreciate each and every song on this fun dance pop album. It's -as is clearer now- certainly an album with a clear organic connection to the singer. I would suggest listening to Animal Inside, a very beautiful song.",0,0,"May 22, 2014"
8,"Nice debut album from Ke$ha that managed to deliver a string of hits. It's pure party pop music, and sure Ke$ha might not have the best voice but it's a fun album and full of catchy songs. Worth buying :)",0,0,"Jan 19, 2013"
8,"Below Is A List Of The Songs And A Score Out Of 10
Overall A Good Debut!
Your Love Is My Drug 10/10
Tik Tok 10/10
Take It Off 10/10
Ki$$ N Tell 9/10
$tephen 8/10
Blah Blah Blah 7/10
Hungover 10/10
Party At A Rich Dude'$ Hou$e 9/10
Back$tabber 6/10
Blind 8/10
DINO$AUR 7/10
Dancing With Tear$ In My Eye$ 8/10
Boot$ And Boy$ 7/10
Animal 10/10",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
8,"If you overlook the intense autotune use, this album was actually very good. Ke$ha shows the world it's okay to be crazy and fun loving, with humorous lyrics and catchy beats.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
6,"Though it feels like it was just yester-year that Keshathen known as 'Ke$ha'took a commercial bath in fame, fortune, and glitter in between from the success of her debut single 'TiK ToK', it has been nearly half a decade since the release of her debut album Animal and although she's more recently remembered for her rehab stint earlier this yearwhich actually didn't involve 'a bottle of Jack' in contrast to her nay-sayersshe remains a polarizing figure to the public. For example, her overuse of Auto-Tune made us question her vocal capabilities and with lyrics like 'D-I-N-O-S-A-you are a dinosaur', we definitely questioned her songwriting capabilities. Would she be a one-hit wonder? Is she a parody artist or is this actually as deep as it gets in the mind of this Nashville gal-turned-Valley girl? Many of the questions have already been answered, we just never really payed more attention than we should have to learn them. Her 2012 acoustic EP Deconstructed certainly spotlights her ability to singwhy anyone would wanna cover up that quivery-yet-beautifully raw Nashville accent is above meand considering her lengthy string of top-ten hits since her debut, it's out of question how successful her schtick has sold so far.
Let's get to Animal now: to sum it up, depth isn't in this record's ungrammatical vocabulary. Production-wise, Dr. Luke and Max Martin created some of the '10s most guiltiest electropop pleasures out of hits like 'Take It Off' and 'Your Love Is My Drug', however, while Lady Gaga's 2008 club classic 'Just Dance' features some surprisingly well-detailed production to accompany its drunken lyricism, neither of the aforementioned are groundbreaking in any shape or form and often sound so sweet, they rot at the brain like a cavity due to the simplicity. The highlights on the record come from assisting producers like Tom Neville on 'Boots & Boys'spoiler, it lists two primary 'obsessions' that 'bring [her] so much joy'and the Greg Kurstin-produced title track that could be the most thought-provoking, vulnerable track on the record. Her following EP Cannibal and second studio album Warrior continue to unveil more and more of her impact as a pop iconalbeit very, very calmly. As for now, Animal remains one of her funnest records to date and whether you're a female (or male) teenager experiencing bratty hormonal development or too drunk to understand who or what you are at this moment, it has a lot to offer as far as mindless dance-pop goes.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2014"
10,"I love this CD! This is not a 'mixed or average' CD! This is Ke$ha's best work, and you can see that in the songs. And songs like 'Dancing With Tears In My Eyes' show that Ke$ha isn't just a party girl.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
8,"While this album is generic pop, its well done generic pop. All the songs are very catchy. Especially Backstabber and Kiss 'n' Tell are songs you'll be singing to within three listens.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2013"
6,"Um  bom album,tem boas msicas,um pouco mais da maioria,por isso o 6.
Mas mesmo nas boas faixas,houve um pecado,o auto tune.
Ke$ha aprendeu com Animal e fez albuns melhores depois.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
7,"Realmente para um lbum de estria foi timo, com hits ensurdecedores e deliciosas baladas, mas o que realmente faltou  ser explorado foi a voz de Ke$ha. No lbum h muitas msicas boas mas o excesso de modificao na voz acaba tornando as faixas enjoativas, com a mesma voz robtica em quase todas as msicas (embora reconheo que h faixas que essa modificao agrega valor  msica). Se os produtores fossem mais ousados e mostrassem mais a voz original da cantora o lbum seria timo, por exemplo a msica 'Dancing with tears in my eyes'. Ele  uma msica mais limpa e transmite uma sensao mais natural e gostosa de se ouvir, gostaria realmente que nos prximos lbuns Ke$ha invista em mais msicas dessa forma.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2015"
7,"A fun album, but too much auto-tune. Other than 'Tik Tok', there are standout tracks including fun bops such as 'Your Love Is My Drug', 'Take It Off', 'Kiss n Tell', and 'Animal'. Overall a moderate debut album for Kesha.",0,0,"May 10, 2015"
5,"This was a nice debut from Kesha, but its production was repetitive and its lyrics didn't show Kesha's talent as a singer and songwriter (which is what she actually is). It's a fun album but it's not capable of doing what Kesha can do. Grade: C. Highlights: 'Animal', 'Blind', 'Dancing with Tears in My Eyes'. Worst songs: 'Tik Tok', 'Dinosaur', 'Boots & Boys'",0,0,"Apr  5, 2015"
8,"Well, I was running through the comments and all I see is people judging her about the auto tune. Weirdly or not, that was Kesha's mark back in 2010. Animal is the party girl's debut, with a lot of club songs with a diferencial: They talk about her everyday experiencies untill she finally got her spot in pop music. That's whats cool about Kesha, even though she is a pop star now, she'll never get rid of her old and vodka stained jeans. She kinda reinvented the trash pop with this amazing and well produced album. And C'mon, she slayed the pop charts with it's singles.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2016"
7,"Bom lbum, realmente se superou em vrios quesitos. Gostei bastante do resultado final, porm nem sempre ir agradar  todos que o ouvi-lo inteiro....",1,1,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"this is should be best pop vocal album ! and this album absolutely better than standard hits pop. her voice is very powerful and send full of emotion.",1,2,"Feb 21, 2011"
9,"well produced an album that manages to capture. a fresh sound and an interpretation that I find very good. She knows how to sing.I prefer the standard version definitely",0,0,"Jul 19, 2013"
9,"Stronger with Each Tear cd sound of healing after all bandages from past pains. MJB warm lyrics stood out the most with the single I am. Shows a more confident side of the new Mary unlike the earlier less brave. I Can See In color is the reason why fans adore the queen for not just being in pitch perfect. Overall A",0,0,"Dec 10, 2013"
8,"Cool and consistent. The songs are sweet and simple, sung beautifully and the arrangements are airy and driving. A welcome change of pace that retains some of the elements of As I Am.",1,1,"Dec 16, 2009"
7,"For already fans of her, there is a lot to enjoy here. But for those looking smooth polished tracks like Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart will be disappointed. However, her voice and unique style shines all the way through the album as well as she always done.  Tracks like Doesn't Mean Anything, Wait Till You See My Smile, and Put It in a Love Song are definitely also highlights of Alicia's great vocals and compositions. Put in a Love Song as a collaboration with Beyonce, is quite disappointing due to the poor lyrics and overall sound that could have been bigger considering how amazing these girls are. But that aside, is still a nice track and an overall really nice album to relax and have a great time.",1,1,"Sep 28, 2010"
8,"This album sounds different from everything she's done so far and it seems to be the reason why people either love or hate it. I love it. It's more pop and electronic than the usual stuff but it's still Alicia Keys. She's trying out something else, let the girl bloom!",1,1,"Mar 18, 2011"
10,"As an album The Element Of Freedom it's not great but has some perfect musics. In my opinion LOVE IS BLIND, TRY SLEEPING WITH A BROKEN HEART and UN-THINKABLE (I'M READY) are perfect songs, that can balance some duds like Love is my disease, Like the sea and This bed.",1,2,"Aug 11, 2010"
1,"This is by far Keys' worst album, it's not very coherent, and the line-up is totally ruined by one song - Put It In A Love Song, an up-tempo Beyonce-ish song, featuring, no joke, Beyonce. Alicia shouldn't have collaborated with Beyonce, not that she isn't good, but they are so different musically and artistically, that you know, for sure, they just did it for publicity. Miss Keys' is not a publicity woman, she is far more, so shame Alicia, shame!",1,3,"Dec 28, 2009"
5,"As I Am was GREAT, even The Diary of Alicia Keys. The Element of Freedom...not so much. I only like two songs on this album. I'm kind of disappointed.",0,1,"Jan  8, 2010"
2,"Alicia is just not showing any musical growth, and the flaws in her voice are so apparent on this album.",0,2,"Dec 16, 2009"
0,"I really don't like this cd, the tempo is good, but almost all songs sound the same as her previous, that's not very creative i think. If you want a cd that thinks outside the box, and a cd from a woman around the same age as miss Keys, you should pic up Shakira's She Wolf, that's innovative!",0,1,"Dec 28, 2009"
8,"um",0,1,"Aug 10, 2011"
9,"New sound. This is a very good album.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2009"
10,"great, different, beautiful. that is all i can say.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
9,"The sound and feeling of the album are just perfect. Probably her better CD, but Im sure Alicia Keys can do better.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
6,"It's not bad, but it's not good either. Mediocre at best. Alicia did some good things in the past, but The Element Of Freedom gets boring after listening to it twice. Love Is Blind, Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart and Unthinkable are the best tracks. The worst one? Put It In A Love Song (feat Beyonce).",0,0,"Dec 17, 2009"
8,"So happy Alicia's introduced more pop elements into her music! The Element of Freedom is her first album I've enjoyed in its entirety. Yes, she may stay in a similar mood for the entire album, but it doesn't reach high highs and low lows like her earlier albums. I was never bored on this album--something I don't think could be said about her other works. Definitely worth a listen, especially for fans of mainstream R&B and pop.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2009"
10,"An excellent offering from Ms Keys. She never fails to impress. Adore every song with exception of 'Put It In A Love Song'.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2009"
5,"Her debut album on non-evolving sentiments of love. Every idea has indeed been sung before, and every song keeps you waiting for a heavy dose of her beautiful talent; but fails. A good listen for the high-school teen who 'thinks' he or she knows love.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2009"
10,"Perfect. Amazing album. Love her!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
10,"Perfect album. In the realm of Illmatic, The Blueprint, and Aquemini.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
10,"OMG. Just can't believe. This is so emotional. I love this album, i think this is her best album... Freedom, no one can sing like her whit all her passion and hope! i love her.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2011"
10,"A masterpiece, what a outstanding album, the songs are sung amazing, alicia is very talented, my favorite songs are put in a love song, doesn't mean anything, try sleeping with a broken heart and empire state of mind part 2 broken down.",0,0,"May 28, 2013"
8,"Reordered and solo acoustic, this is Harvest Moon live taken from recordings from when he first toured the album in 1992. Some of these cuts come out better than the studio versions ('Dreamin' Man'). An absolute must have for Young fans.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2011"
3,"Not a complete mess, There are some good songs like Meet me in the middle, One i love, marchin on, and symphony. But as a overall effort, Timbaland needs to do far better then this. This is not even close to the level of the original!",1,1,"Dec 16, 2009"
8,"Not as good as shock value, but still great, timbo is the man.",1,2,"Jan 20, 2010"
10,"To clarify, I'm not rating this album, but rather I'm giving a rating of 10 to Sarah and Johnathan G for their impressions of people with Down's Syndrome. So, 2-3 for Shock Value, and a 10 to Sarah and Johnathan G for lowering the bar for everyone else.",0,1,"Dec 18, 2009"
5,"Peoeple are too quick to air their negitive remarks on Timbo just because he's generally flawless. Lets remember he has produced some amazing albums for Nelly, Justin, Missy, Shock Value. But Shock Value can only be used once I agree, 2nd time is never a shock when you stick to the same formula and a less impressive line up. We have to remember Timbo's solo stuff is mainstream now so we have to except mainstream music, and thats not a bad thing a lot of the time, untill now prehaps. This album in a nut shell is far less impressive than the previous but I didnt accept anything else when I seen he was working on so many projects. There is only so much magic one guy can produce and Timbo's fall down here is that he has his hands in too many pots and stretching the magic till it turns to bland predicatable lifeless beats. All in all I do enjoy many songs on the album but while I agree its not as good I also take on board that he's in heavy demand and therefore he isnt giving his own stuff his all. Highlights are: Lose Control (Jojo), Morning After Dark (Soshy & Nelly) If we ever meet again (Kate Perry) Sat Something (Drake) Carry out (JT) Timoty where you been (Jet) 6 Decents songs isnt too bad I guess 5/10 for me!",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
0,"If you love pop and rock *mainstream music* you will love this album if you know the difference between hip hop and rap you will hate timberland more *if you didn't already* and this album.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
10,"This album is awesome! It has great beats and lots of popstars featured.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2009"
0,"Never been more disappointed with a follow up album. After the first shock value the bar had been set, and this album missed it by a hair (if that hair were chad kroegers). almost every song is a bore to listen to and timbaland seems to have no fresh ideas so he just stretches the beat out at the end of every song. sorry timbo, not every beat you write needs to be broken down into every single part in EVERY SINGLE song. its just sad how the mighty have fallen",0,0,"Dec 12, 2009"
10,"This album is pure fun I thought. It has great collaberations from Drake, Justin Timberlake, Chad Kroger of Nickelback, Miley Cyrus and many many more. If you want a sorry album, get Chris Brown 'Graffiti'. If you want a fun entertaining album, this is your album.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2009"
0,"I've been a fan of Timbaland since Timbaland & Magoo, and his production has been unbeatable..until Shock Value 2. Miley Cyrus..really? Even with that said and her as a collaborator I STILL got the album hoping Tim would redeem himself with the other collaborators; and he fell flat on his face. With JT, One Republic, and Drake enlisted for this project I expected more and I feel sorry for Timbaland that he has decided to cross over into pop music for good. Get ready for more mediocre albums to come.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2009"
3,"Thanks for selling out so hard Timbo. When you see Miley Cyrus on your album, you have STOPPED being hip hop. I love Shock Value, and Timbo was the ish back then, but this is garbage, and I'm disappointed in almost the entire album. Sorry, come back again with something better please. We do want more.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2010"
7,"Well the album was ok. A couple of flops but some good songs as well I guess.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2011"
8,"The beats are well crafted, really foot tapping, tour songs that rock my mind are carry out, long way down, 808, morning after dark.. they really made my day, something new, something that ears can enjoy, strongly recommended..",0,0,"May  5, 2011"
6,"What makes this album noteworthy is a wide list of good guests like Drake, Chad Kroeger, The Fray, Daughtry or Brandy and nice showcase of production in 'Ease Off The Liquor', but what cuts its way off from perfection is 'We Belong To Music' featuring Miley Cyrus or poor try to hit the clubs called 'If We Ever Meet Again' featuring Katy Perry.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2014"
7,"The bad reviews only cite that fact that Hudson 'sold out' and give zero deference to the actual songs. Yea, there are some questionable production choices (as NME, the nadir of music journalism, notes, the main problem is the autotone), but Hudson is still a fantastic composer and lyricist. That still shines through on most of these songs. Not even close to as good as his last album, and would have been a homerun if West were not involved, but still a fine album.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
8,"This album is excellent. The risky combination of acoustic guitar riffs, synthesised overtures, deep bassy beats, and Hudson's emotional voice pays off greatly, resulting in some amazing songs. The album is filled with deep, meaningful lows and roaring, climatic highs. A hidden gem.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2013"
9,"It's one of the best rock album i've ever heard in this year. it also contains some weak songs like: 'Robot Love' and 'D is For Dangerous', but i really like it. one of the best performance of this album is 'Holiday' that she covered from Dilana. she performed it better than her. this album sounds kinda 80's Rock and Pop Rock Album.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
10,"Wonderful album.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
9,"Allison Iraheta (17) placed fourth in last season's American Idol. Jive Records immediately signed her and this CD shows why they were so ready to do so. Musically it spans a range from pop to rock, upbeat to ballad. Her edgy voice shines through on every song and is filled with emotion showing Allison feels both the music and lyrics she is singing. Written and produced by some of the major names in today's music industry (Allison even has a co-write on one song) this CD is a show piece of creativity. Keep an eye on this girl. She has a huge career ahead of her.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"Some very good pop/rock tracks and excellent ballads; a strong debut album from a talented singer.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"I really love this cd, its the first post idol cd I have brought since Fantasia. The only song that kind of sucks is robot love. Don't Waste The Pretty, Beat Me Up, Just Like You, Im Still Breathing, Scars, Holiday, and Pieces all have potential to be hit singles. The label clearly chose the wrong song as the first single, not that FIBOU is a bad song, it just doesn't represent the album well and seems like it and robot love were thrown on there to make it more marketable to younger audience. Allison voice is terrific she doesn't need to be doing stuff like that let her do that stuff that shines in. Im very pleased with this and I know this is going way out on the limb here but I would not be suprised to see her become the second idol alum nominated in the best new artist at the grammy's come this time next year.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"I can't believe the reviewers are giving her less than perfect reviews. Because her album really is perfect! I love it! The best idol debut ever!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"This album rocks! True raw talent.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
9,"Best Idol debut disc to date! From all eight seasons.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
0,"Michael Slezak at Entertainment Weekly gives these last Idol finalists way too much love.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"This album simply ROCKS. Best debut from a new artist. Love 'Trouble Is', 'D is For Dangerous', 'Still Breathing' and 'You Don't Know Me'.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"Great debut album from Allison! There are many great songs to enjoy with my favorites being 'Don't Waste the Pretty' and 'Scars.' Allison's interpretation and emotional connection is evident in each song. This only makes her album all the better.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
8,"The best new-Idol album of all three (Adam, Kris and Allison) It's one part Joan Jett, one part Pink, one part Sheryl Crow, and all parts awesome. The first single 'Friday I'll be Over U' is not the greatest choice for a single, but it's still decent. Songs like the title track, 'Don't waste the pretty' and 'Scars' are all great. There's barely any filler except the forgettable 'No one else' and the melodramatic 'still breathing'. But that said, they're still listenable and it's an album you can easily listen the whole way through. Wish I could say that about Kris' and especially Adam's. The last 2 songs on here are mind blowingly good 'Beat me Up' and 'you don't know me' Check em out Kris Allen: 77 Adam Lambert: 71 Allison Iraheta: 83.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Rare talent showcased to near perfection. 11 out of 13 songs 100% winners.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
9,"I'm disregarding a couple of the overproduced songs. The songs that allow her to really sing are exceptional. To bad they couldn't get Howard Benson to produce the whole album.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
8,"Easily the best album of this season's Idols, and pretty decent in its own right.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
6,"good one debut album from American idol contestant! this girl can sing can rock but some song s is so underrate her ability because she can do something better than this!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2011"
8,"amazing debut from Idol alum Allison Iraheta. It has some songs on the weaker side like 'Robot Love' and 'D Is For Dangerous' but overall it has a good level of quality, and her vocals are just pop rock at its purest. 'Friday Ill Be Over You' Might be my favorite debut single from any former Idol contestant.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2013"
10,"An amazing mix of sounds, influences, and styles that takes you around the world in 50 minutes. This record is destined to be a classic in Shakira's repertoire, if not in all of pop music in general.",3,3,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Awesome album. It's impossible for me to pick a favourite for 'She Wolf'. The electronic sound is new, but I love it all the same. One of the best albums I've heard in a long time.",2,2,"Jun 19, 2011"
10,"This album is so powerful, weird and passionate, that you can't help but notice Shakira's intelligent effort put into this album. Listen to: Men In This Town, Mon Amour.",1,1,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"Yes. It only has 9 tracks. Yes, it's not the sound we're used to hearing from Shakira. But no one can deny that is album is merely flawless. In it you will find 9 tracks that stand out and can easily ALL of them be singles. This is the type of work that has to fillers, only magic. She changed, and I'm glad she did and I hope she keeps doing it. Shakira is a musician that's doing what she wants with her music, and does a fine job at it.",1,1,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Shakira arrives after a 4 year absence to showcase her musical genius undertaking the Electro-pop genre. She completely uses this genre to create a great dance album and catchy tunes which will remain in her permanent catalog of hits.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2009"
10,"Shakira's best English album to date. The lyrics are not as good as 2005's Oral Fixation vol. 2, but her creativity shines this time around.",1,1,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Shakira is definitely evolving, but not in a bad or better way. Her essence remains in this new collection of Shakira classics. Each single track on this album is unique and different from anything she had done before. From 'Men In This Town' to the heart-pumping 'Why Wait' this album promises to be true delight from start to finish.",1,1,"Nov 29, 2009"
8,"Shakira has always been adventurous with her music. She always tries to be as eclectic as possible: adding one more style here, one more influence there, until the final work comes out",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
7,"She shows off her great voice in this must have album for any Shakirs fans. I love the latino fusions. Some of the album does sound the same though. She wolf is ovbiously great but I think that men in this town is the stand-out track.",1,1,"Dec  9, 2011"
0,"I've never understood how she ever gained popularity aside from the obvious pretty face. Her voice is atrocious and sounds like she's gargling with motor oil. I can't understand anything she says and in all her videos she dances like an epileptic hooker. Much like the herp, you just can't get rid of her no matter how bad you want to.",0,2,"Jan 26, 2010"
0,"God! She",0,2,"Feb  3, 2010"
3,"I've enjoyed Shakira's work in the past, but this album contains no more than 3 songs that are listenable with the rest sounding like a high school kid playing around with a drum machine after listening to their parent's disco collection. In a word - embarrassing.",0,3,"Feb  3, 2010"
0,"It doesn't matter how many times I listen to this album, I always come to the same conclusion: it's one of the worsts albums ever. What was she thinking? Was she trying to be a bad clone of Britney Spears? Why does she sound so bad? She used to do good music, or at least music you can listen to. She's just a joke, a marketing strategy.",0,3,"Nov 28, 2009"
0,"Horrible voice, horrible songs, horrible star. H-O-R-R-I.B-L-E.",0,2,"Dec  1, 2009"
6,"In fact should be called bitch not she wolf it's just that a lot of songs to dance and forget what are about, the songs are funny and goout at night but she is selling in it so evident with that electronic sounds that makes that goat mix duck voice sounds noise and so needed to be famous an be a hit on USA.",0,1,"Jan 28, 2010"
1,"I tried to like this album, Listened to it 5 times in a row, But could not feel it at all! The only song that falls in place for me is 'Long time', that's it! I feel very disappointed! Skip this and just download 'Long time' from I-tunes or what ever! below average effort!",0,2,"Nov 23, 2009"
4,"When i heared the album i don't know if cry or destroy the CD. This is not the Shakira i know. She Wolf doesn't have any song of the music genre that Shakira does (pop rock). Her worst album to the date, but songs are catchy.",0,2,"Dec 28, 2010"
0,"This album is a joke. It seems an imitation of the style of singers like Lady Gaga, Madonna, electronic music diva Fey and Britney Spears. The worst album I've heard in my life.",0,1,"Feb 12, 2012"
3,"To Be Honest..
This Album Does Nothing For Me Only About 2 Good Song.. The Rest I Throw Away In The Trash..
You Can Tell This Album Is Not A 'Bestseller'
Sorry Shakira!",0,3,"May 30, 2012"
10,"This album is so original and real, it derserves 10! On She Wolf, Shakira doesn't think too much, she just goes for the gut, and seems to make a joke out of the whole thing, she realises it isn't about making yourself look cool, just matter! And that Shakira does, she matters.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2010"
10,"Wow amazing album. All the songs are perfect.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2010"
6,"It's pretty cool but her spanish work is much better. I'll wait for her Spanish cd to come out.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"This is gonna be huge in 2010, just wait. This is really an excellent pop record, if not the best of the year.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"This album is so good! I can't believe she dared to write such daring songs! The album is very coherent, but also, each song is about something different, and has a different approach in both tempo and mind-set. Truly this is one ofthe 20 best pop albums of 2009, or actually, since 2007 probably! The music, and Shakira's voice, is not for everybody, which fits me great, then I, and her many other fans, can have her all for ourselves! And being the 4th richest woman in music, only after Madonna, Barbra Streisand and Celine Dion, she probably won't stop making music, just because haters hate her more than ever. Bravo, Shakira!",0,0,"Dec 28, 2009"
10,"Amazing album. It's not her best, and it is different from her previous works, but it's still catchy and fun.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
10,"Love this album so much!! If you want to have fun and listen quality music, this is your record, very recommendable.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"Excellent album...every track is solid and well produced...Men In This Town is definitely the standout track on here, but the entire album is great from start to finish!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"Best pop album of 2010. There is something for everyone, enjoyed it from begining to end, full of electic flavor. Shakira takes many styles and combines them to make a world of her own..fun, hip and sexy.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Shakira is great female, 'She Wolf' is the best album that I ear in so much time... Every song, every word in her songs is a new world. Really Shakira is cool, and someday believe the future Pop's Queen. I like Shakira. So good... +10.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2009"
7,"Although surprising slick, 'She Wolf' misses the Latin intensity that makes Shakira a great artist. Instead, we are we're offered techno inspired beats as the Colombian-born artist's backdrop. It often works to surprisingly freshness, but when it doesn't it just seems to clout Shakira's style and make her seem like a very confused artist. She Wolf was a solid attempt however, and possibly the most varied pop album of 2009. ALBUM HIGHLIGHTS: 'She Wolf', 'Give It Up to Me', 'Why Wait' ALBUM DUDS: 'Did It Again', 'Gypsy'",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"Excellent, every track is a gem. It got rave reviews from most, the best of which for some reason do not appear on metacritic (even though her score is really high). Highlights: Loba/She Wolf, Did it Again, Men in this Town, Gypsy, Mon Amour, Spy, Long Time, Why Wait, Give it Up to Me... damn..I just listed every single song. It's that good.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
9,"This is Shakira's best album. It is kind of like all of her other albums summed up into one. The best tracks are 'She Wolf', 'Mon Amour', and 'Men In This Town'.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2013"
7,"I personally think 'She Wolf' is an overall good album, despite of being short and completely different from all the others Shakira recorded so long. I like all the album's tracks, but it seems she dedicated much more time to some songs then to anothers, like 'Mon Amour' and 'Long Time', respectively. However, in the end 'She Wolf' is an average, sadly less rated than it deserved to be, album.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2014"
8,"Men in this town is such a jam! The best track on the album and one of my favorite songs from her. Very dance, pop, and a little freaky but in a good sense.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"An album with great lyrics, sounds and a lot of sensuality, unlike his former musical works and the person gave in his previous music videos. I love this album recommend..!!!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2015"
10,"PERFECTO PARA BAILAR Y MOVER EL BOTE XD, SI QUIEREN MUSICA COMERCIAL, AQUI ESTA, AUNQUE NO DEJA DE SER ARTE Y TENER EXCELENTES Y SENSUALES LETRAS, :))",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"Adam Lambert's debut album is aptly titled. Rarely do I buy full CDs, as I only like a few tracks as a rule. On FYE, I'm hard pressed to even pick my favorite songs. There are only one or two that I don't love (Time for Miracles doesn't really fit with the vibe of the other songs) Lambert's vocals are incredible, and his dance tunes make great workout songs. This is a great album, and I highly recommend it.",2,2,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Love the energy of this cd. It makes you want to move. Adam's voice is so good. The range and power of Adams voice leaves one breathless.",1,1,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"Glam rock, a rock genre that's literally extinct before I was born, but now I can proudly named the new succesor of it, Mr. Adam 'G'Lambert. The vocal powerhouse didn't dissapoint in his debut album, cranking up tunes that were done in a basic formula but in a whole new level (better of course). Despite the repetitive nature of this album, it definitely stands out (also in a good way). With upbeat and infectious songs like 'For Your Entertainment' and 'Fever', ballads like 'Time For Miracles' and 'Whatya Want From Me' that compliments his true vocal arrangement and a suprisingly resemblance with Mika in 'Music Again', this album is hands down the most entertaining album ever from any post-idol album ... period.",1,1,"Jan  7, 2010"
9,"It's a brilliant album. Addictive, fun and catchy. It spans so many genres of music that it can sit happily in it's own playlist without ever being monotonous. It has it's unique sound that's both nostalgic and new. It's fun and it's touching. And the icing on this triple chocolate cake of an album is Lambert's sublime creamy vocals. The only reason I gave this album a 9, is because I don't think it fair to give any debut album, no matter how good, a 10 - every new artist needs room to grow.",1,1,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Adam Lambert has released the most diverse record from an 'Idol'-alum. From dance tracks like 'If I Had U' to ballads like 'Sleepwalker', all the songs are great. There's not a single skip.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
7,"Really good debut album for major debut singer career of Adam Lambert! All songs is Great and can listen ,dance ,sing and scream without doubt! CHEERS ADAM",1,1,"Feb 21, 2011"
8,"Great Choice Of Singles
Great Voice
Great Debut Album",1,1,"May 28, 2012"
10,"great album full of good songs like for your entertainment,fever,whataya want from me and there is so much glam rock influence in the album you can tell that by listening to the songs",1,1,"Sep 18, 2013"
4,"Their are some catchy songs here, but if you see who has contributed to the album in terms of writing the songs, you'll soon find that Adam sounds like a bit of an impersonator. Track one 'Music Again' written by Justin Hawkins from the Darkness sees Adam trying to sound like Hawkins. On 'Soaked' written by Matt Bellamy, Adam tries so hard to sound like Muse, without success, and so it continues through the album. As far as the AMA affair, I think that Adam needs to realize that being controversial is not always a good thing. Who cares if he is gay, but most people don't want to watch him kissing men, and he was definitely over confident from his Idol experience, because his performance and singing was awful. Adam's instant success has gotten to his head and maybe he needs to complete his apprenticeship first, just like normal artists do, before he stretches the boundaries.",1,4,"Nov 28, 2009"
0,"I've heard considerably positive things about this record, but after actually giving it a few spins, I can't help but think it's being mostly appreciated by those who have only a superficial knowledge of music at best. This is only 'glam' in the way that image reigns supreme here (FAR supreme over actual musical substance). Neither the music nor lyrics even bother to be pretentious, instead merely slumping along tune by tune. I will recognize that this isn't commonly covered musical ground these days, but it's nothing short of a cheap disgrace to the names I've seen cited in terms of quality.",1,5,"Nov 26, 2009"
0,"This guy represents everything wrong with today's society. A total dirtbag that contributes nothing good to society. This moron, like other idol contestants, has done nothing to earn his so called fame. At least the other winners have some semblance of gratitude. This moron is about as vain and arrogant as they come.",1,8,"Nov 27, 2009"
6,"This album is alright, but I feel like Adam individuality got lost in a lot of the songs. For instance, for the first half of the title track, 'For Your Entertainment', I probably wouldn't have recognized it was Adam if no one told me it was his song. Adam has great vocals, so I don't know why the producers decided to mess with them so much. It's also disappointing that Adam wrote on so few of the tracks. I'd prefer if he wrote more of his own material instead of singing rejects from Pink, Lady Gaga, and Muse. Hopefully, he'll get more creative control on his second album.",0,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
0,"Awful!!! I hope this 'guy' just disappears!",0,3,"Nov 23, 2009"
0,"Just a noisy mess, in which Adam does not sound like himself at all. It's an amateurish, almost pre-schoolish attempt at electropop.",0,3,"Nov 23, 2009"
0,"It's not necessarily as bad as a 0, but all these 10s are ridiculous, and i feel the need to balance it Something for everyone? Really? And as for being eclectic, i don't think there is anything on this album you can't call pop.",0,3,"Nov 24, 2009"
0,"This is a guy that screeches in every song. Every song is a cast off from a real artist's trash bin. Don't waste your money on this cd. Its just a novelty like William Hung's.",0,5,"Nov 19, 2010"
9,"Amazing vocals to less than perfect mixing.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
10,"More good songs on this CD than most. Some of the songs are very clever and catchy...good to dance to. Some are slow and tender. What a nice variety!",0,0,"Jan  1, 2010"
9,"Wonderful but not as good as it could have been. Next time make sure his voice shines and is not covered up by the background noise, please.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2010"
8,"It is just me or is Adam channeling Freddie Mercury big time here? I like it.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
7,"His vocals are superb as one would suspect. However he has a little bit of Mika syndrome here with his tracks chipping off melodies from all sorts of various influences from Radiohead to Queen to Britney Spears. You never feel as though anything outside of the vocals are his. I swear though, once he shakes off the shackles of whatever is keeping him in the box he's gonna be fire.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2009"
10,"It's the first music I've really liked since the 80s. And I've been around a long time (70 years).",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"An eclectic mix of sounds, ranging from pop, rock, dance, retro glam, etc. Lambert is a musical chameleon here, which is part of why this record is so brilliant. There's something here for everybody, and not many people can pull off such a record with such an amazing voice.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"Every song is terrific, this is one helluva great album!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
9,"This is a fantastic debut collection that shows off Lambert's versatility as an artist. It highlights his amazing vocals as well as the varying sides of his personality. It's all Adam, but like the rest of us, he's not one dimensional. Although some may wish he had picked one style and ran with it, the album's variety is one of its greatest assets. There's something for everyone and every mood. It's one of the few albums that I can honestly say that I like nearly every song.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"My favorite CD in a long time. Definitely entertaining!",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
9,"OK, but everything I was hoping for but wildly good. My guess? The people who Zero the album are people who just hate the guy - who has, nonetheless, enormous vocal talent.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"I love Adam's amazing vocals that's at the core of this eclectic album.. enjoyed all the songs!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
9,"I wish 'Mad World' had been included on this CD. Although I like it, I would've liked something along that line that was less 'produced' and more just Adam's amazing vocals featured. (This is why I gave this CD a 9 rather than a 10).",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"It was extraordinary for his first album. Usually ppl in their first albums have only two or three good songs. It was different and shame on the people who aren't ready to accept different bit you soon will you learnt to accept lady gaga...it's a matter of time you do Adam!!!!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2009"
10,"The album feels like a playlist, a song for every mood, and it works wonderfully. His soaring vocals and the blend of rock, pop, electronic, and glam elements makes 'For Your Entertainment' really fun.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"This is a highly eclectic collection of sounds, rhythms and off the wall vocals that only an artist with the creativity and talent of adam lambert could produce. i applaud his versatility; as well as the artistic and vocal sensibility to be able to elicit the full gamut of emotions from the listener.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
9,"Incredible debut. Eclectic and fun and emotive all at once, representative of the artist Adam really is. A good indication of even better things to come on future albums. I've been off music for some time now since there seems to be less and less real musical and vocal ability in the charts. Clich as it may sound, this album honestly makes me want to listen to music again!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"I was leaning towards a 9, but since several people have given it a 0, which I don't think anybody deserves, I feel inclined to give it a 10. It really is a great CD. Who cares if it isn't cohesive, I like to listen to great songs, and this CD has many. I absolutely loooveee Sleepwalker, Soaked, and Fever, and I don't dislike any of the songs. Great debut CD!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"I love every song on Adam's album. It is so refreshing to listen to an album that includes a little bit of everything. Adam's vocals are outstanding. I cannot stop listening to it everyday. Way to go Adam you did not disappoint your fans. I Love Adam Lambert!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
9,"Seems like this rating cherry-picked every negative comment from each review while ignoring the good ones. Adam did a fine job on this album- It is the music he enjoys. His vocals are excellent as usual- the songs are eclectic as he promised- something for everyone. Would like to hear more of that glorious voice- don't hide it in the music Adam.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
9,"This is the first CD I have ever purchased that I like every song. I think Adam is right on when he said we are in an itunes-playlist era when people purchase singles rather than albums, so he wanted to create a variety of genres on the album. A variety platter, is what he called it. Some critics dont get that point. There are a number of top then hits on this album....that's exciting.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"It's a fantastic album, channeling good ol' 70s rock, queen, and even scissor sisters! Honestly it's such an enjoyable album to listen to.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"I love about half the songs and really like the rest. There a song for whatever mood you're in. Today, I can't get F-f-f-fever out of my head!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
10,"*Love* this album. I've noticed that critics pick and choose different songs that they favor. Obviously, Adam got something right in creating the mix - something for everyone, and it differs from person to person.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
6,"Over-produced, this guy can sing, he sure can. I watched this season of AI (my first one), cause of him, he was that good. Still It's like the songs are about to be good... but they fall short. Glam-pop, but at the end is that, superficial pop. Expected more, too bad.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Can't stop playing this album. Every track is terrific!",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Love this cd. Every day I get up humming a different song. There is a song for every mood and Adam's voice shines through beautifully.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"It would be impossible for me to actually choose which song I like best on this album. Adam has done an amazing job, delivering exactly what he promised... it makes me want to dance, and cry, and sway, and laugh and smile... it just envokes every emotion. And his voice is so amazing. My score? Perfect.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"I'm already an Adam fan, even after the controversial AMA conference, love this album, good dance music, some nice ballads, good to work out to, not all tracks show off what he does best, but enough do, was worth the wait, I found it grows on you as you listen more.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
7,"Doesn't showcase his personality or strengths as well as I had hoped but it is playful and there are a few good songs.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
9,"I reserve a 10 for the classics, but having been profoundly disappointed in past Idol debuts, I also give an extra point over 8 for Lambert's heroically managing to surmount the Idol machine's relentless rush-to-market and watering-down-for-the-mainstream, neither of which are visible in the results. Some tracks are weaker, but none are an automatic skip (except possibly Aftermath, which belongs on one of those other aforementioned Idol soft-rock debuts) and the variety in pacing and style makes the album as a whole a satisfying listen.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"It is rare for me to buy a whole album and when this one came online to stream, I played it. And played it. And played it again. I found I there wasn't one that I would skip (except for Time for Miracles sometimes). I love the bonus tracks Master Plan and Down the Rabbit Hole, too. They should have been on the album instead of Miracles.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
9,"I love every song on the album ! They run through my head when I am simply going through my daily routine. I can't wait to see him sing them live. He is incredible.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"I listened to Adams album and it is great! I think people are judging him for his AMA performance. He is new and refreshing and those people who continue to listen to the same old stuff by all means stay that way. Adam is refreshing and is great. This is a new era and he is part of that new era. I Love Adam Lambert! Creative and Artistic in every way.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"I think 'For Your Entertainment' is truly amazing. I absolutely love 12 of the 14 songs on the album, and still like the other two. In my opinion, he is one of the greatest musical talents in the world today.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"Looks like Elvis...sings like Freddie Mercury. Can't get much better than that. The Album is great and he always surprises!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
10,"It's obvious there are Adam haters here giving a score of 0 because they want to bring Adam's ratings down. They probably didn't even listen to the album because anyone who cannot appreciate the gorgeous vocals on Soaked or Broken Open, or the bridge on Pick U Up must be deaf. As you can see from the music critics, the reviews are generally positive. Billboard estimates his first week sales to be at LEAST 225K, which is almost triple Kris's final numbers of 80K. So haters, take that!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
9,"Adam is one who could entertain the masses with his talent and variety. He is electrifying and we all love him.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
9,"I really am pleasantly surprised about how well this album bears up to repeat listening. Music Again, Fever, Loaded Smile and Broken Open are my favs. Looking forward to Adam's next album when he will have more time to take it up a notch.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2009"
10,"I agree that Adam's performannce at the AMA's was controversial (massive understatement), but that doesn't change the fact that Adam is an extremely talented singer, I mean how many singers do you know that can hit the note he did on Music Again? Great album, better singer.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
8,"This is a solid and catchy debut. Exactly what I wanted from Adam. I hope he has a solid career...love the guy!! And love that voice!",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
10,"Simply Amazing! Vocals out of this World!! Adam Lambert is a breath of fresh air! There is something on this CD for everyone!! Love Love Love it...So sexy!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"This CD is like a Playlist! It has something for everyone! it has you dancing at times, then swooning at other times, then rocking out...only critique is, too little wailing!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"Brilliant clear futuristic vocals. An instant classic that rewards multiple listens and seems to have something for every mood.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"Loved every single song save 1, Aftermath. I cannot say I have ever found an album that came anywhere near the love I have for this one. If you like pop/dance/glam/rock this is the album for you. And find a better song for standing alone, at the edge of the world, on a grey, cool, drizzle filled day, staring from the cliff over open water, than Broken Open.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2009"
10,"For Your Entertainment is a wonderfully eclectic album that showcases several different facets of Adam Lambert's amazing voice. I'm actually hard pressed to name a favorite, each track has something to get excited about. And after playing the CD on a high quality sound system rather than just my iPod, I think that there are some fascinating layers to both the production and vocals on this material that especially with quality audio keep you discovering new things even after many listens.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2009"
10,"I love every song on this CD! I can't wait for Adam's next CD! He really made me wanna listen to 'Music Again'! (Great first song for the CD!).",0,0,"Dec 18, 2009"
9,"I love all the songs and that it is such an eclectic mix, like a playlist.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Best album I've heard in years! He rocks my world!!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Love, love, love this CD! It's the 1st CD in years that I absolutely cannot stop listening to. Every song on it could be a hit. Adam's got huge charisma, killer vocals, and an infectious swagger. I was skeptical when I bought it, but now I am convinced that Adam is a major talent and is here to stay.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"This is the best album I have heard in years. Every song is different than the others, but yet they all go together. Adam has a beautiful voice that pulls the whole album together. I would recomend the i-tunes deluxe with the bonus tracks. The bonus tracks are as good or better than many of the songs on the album. I love every song. When is the last time you said that about a CD?",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
10,"Amazing!!! I loved him on Idol and I couldnt wait for his album and it did not disppoint! I either love or really like every song and there is a song for every moood. Right now, my favorites are Fever and Sleepwalker but its always changing! For the people that arent sure, go get it! Its worth it. And if you dont want to pay extra for the bonus tracks (Down the Rabbit Hole and Master Plan) too bad, you're missing out on two great songs! First time in over an year Ive actually gone out and bought a CD, and it was totally worth the money.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2009"
9,"I love this cd. Great dance tunes, beautiful ballads.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"Great. Something for everyone.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
9,"For Adam Lambert's first album, done in just 2 short months, 'For Your Entertainment' is refreshing, fun, and definitely entertaining. He does beautifully on the ballads where he showcases that beautiful voice that had people saying, 'He can sing his face off!' My favorite tracks are: Whataya Want From Me; Strut; Soaked; Sure Fire Winners; Broken Open and Time For Miracles. Overall, definitely a thumbs up!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
9,"Love Love Love this CD ... I'd give it a 10 if some of the instruments were toned down a notch and Adam's amazing vocals were turned up a notch.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"I thoroughly enjoyed this cd. It shows so much variety and is so colorful and fun! There's always a track for somebody (unless you're homophobic and won't touch his cd or you're deaf and can't hear)! My personal favorites are: Strut, Music Again, Broken Open, Fever, and For Your Entertainment from the regular downloads, and I personally love Down The Rabbit Hole from the bonus tracks. The bonus tracks from iTunes? Totally worth it! Best album I've heard in a while. He has such a powerful voice!",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Fabulous vocals and a great collection of sounds from varying genres. Love it :)",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Eclectic and interesting. There are songs on here that appeal to my 72 year old mother and my 14 year old daughter, as well as myself. Definitely worth buying.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
9,"I enjoy all the songs...it's what I love about Adam - a wide range, great vocals and fun.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
7,"Retro-80's glam pop rock that tries too hard to deliver at all levels. Adam's in fine tune, but his willingness to change his voice like a chameleon makes his persona unrecognizable. If you think you're buying the Adam Lambert you saw on American Idol, think again. He sounds nothing like you heard on AI, and if you didn't know it was his name on the CD, you'd have trouble guessing who it was. Overwrought, overproduced, with heavy instrumentation, Adam's first effort sounds more like an 80's rock band than a solo artist. All that said, there's a few hit songs on the CD that make it worth a spin or two.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"I started to listen to music again, thanks to this album! Glad there is different types of music sounds and enjoy all the cuts. Favorite is Strut.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2009"
10,"This is a amzing showcase of talent! The vocals are on point, the arrangements and lyrics of the songs are great, and the music is just fun and easy to listen to! There is something for everyone too! Great ballads, fun dance songs, a lot of 70s inspired rock, I mean it is just a great CD! can not really point out any flaws! Prob one of the most original, complete, daring idol CD to date!!! And it is such a breath of fresh air to have something to finally be different than what is out there today!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2009"
5,"At least someone is doing something different nowadays. Even if it doesn't completely pay off.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
7,"Some songs i absoloutly dread when i come to them while listening to this album. not naming any names.... *cough* strut *cough*.. but other songs make up this album's weaknesses, and ill be glad to name their names. 'For Your Entertainment', 'Whataya Want From Me', 'If I Had You', and 'Fever'.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2010"
10,"Adam Lambert had an amazing year all because of this album. It is filled with genius lyrics and vocals that have to be the best from any male singer. The range the guy shows on this project is nothing short of spectacular. He hits notes that I did not know even existed. The artists that worked with him on the album, Lady Gaga, Pink, Justin Hawkins, knew he had talent. Adam can do pop, he can do rock, he can do amazing ballads, he pours emotion into every performance and it pays off very well. This album has been on replay for me since its release and I do not think it can ever get old. 'If I Had You', 'Sleepwalker', 'Fever', and 'Whataya Want From Me' are some of the highlights, but the whole album works. Adam will have a long future in music, this debut sets that in stone.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2010"
7,"An imperfect but solid debut from someone who will hopefully be one of the faces of mainstream pop music for years to come. What the album lacks in originality and cohesiveness, it makes up for by continuously showcasing Lambert's brilliant vocal ability.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2011"
9,"This is possibly one of the best pop records i've ever heard. The sound alone is true powerpop mixed with glam rock. But the most outstanding part of each song is Adam's undeniably outstanding vocals. I say this with heart felt conviction and will possibly never go back on my word - Adam Lambert has the best voice in Male pop and even rock music, it's note perfect, his vibrato is stunning, his ranges are constantly changing and the power he can create is simply incredable. Nobody can fault his vocals - it's impossible, litrally. The ONLY negative i can give about this album his how obvious it is which artists have wronte certain songs, 'Music Again' - Justin Hawkins (The Darkness), 'Fever' - Lady GaGa, 'Soaked' - Matthew Bellamy (Muse), and so on - it's just SLIGHTLY to obvious - it ALMOST makes the album sound like 'Adam Lambert Sing's His Favourites' - but the possitives really do outweigh this minor glitch. This album is everything you want in a pop album - It's stunning.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2011"
9,"POSITIVE - Adam Lambert has un-questionably one of the best male voices the world has ever heard, and this is not an over bold statement, this is the truth, he has power, range, his vibrato is stunning and he can hold notes like not many other artists. The overall sound of the album is modern, a mix of glam rock with electronica, gay disco meets rock. Each track is individual and Lambert makes each track as memorable as the last, whether that be through the lyrics, upbeat tempo, powerful rock sounds or simply with his stunning vocals.
NEGATIVE - It's far to obvious that the album for the most part has been written by other artists (although Lambert has wrote some of the tracks), even if you haven't looked who the writter is, it's usually quite obvious. It almost crosses the line (at times) of sounding like an 'Adam Lambert Sings....' album.
OVERALL - This album is stunning, Lambert is at the top of his game, not just vocally, but his image was one of the missing links in the pop world. If you want to be either impressed, blown away or simply made to feel great - then this is the album for you. A triumph.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2011"
6,"A nice debut album from Adam Lambert. His voice is fantastic in this album. But I just like a few songs and the rest falls a little bit flat.............",0,0,"May 25, 2012"
8,"Perhaps it is because I saw him live and was drawn in by both his powerful voice and stunning stage presence, but this album isn't as good as it seemed when I first listened to it. Don't get me wrong, it is still really good, but it lacks that punch that is delivered in a live setting. Mostly, Adam is gifted enough to handle the material on the album but there are a few moments that come off as odd missteps: 'Time for Miracles' feels out of place and 'music Again' seems like an odd way to start an album which does not have any more songs like its opener. For the most part, this is an album designed to make the listener want to move. There are some delightful ballads as well, 'Sleepwalker' being one of the standouts. It is a good album but songs like 'Soaked' and 'Whataya Want From Me' sound much better live with that acoustic sound the band employs for them.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2011"
8,"A well crafted pop/rock/ballad/electronica/dance record sewn together by two things, number one being his undeniably incredible and perfect voice, had it not been for his vocal presence this album would have been named 'Adam Lambert Sing's his favourite artists unwanted songs'. But due to his obvious talent as vocalist and artist this record became one of the brightest, boldest and most outstanding male debuts of the past decade rather than a compilation of unused B-Sides.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2011"
7,"As flawless as Adams presence was on Idol it was near impossible for him to match the expectations for his debut. What his debut brings is a mixing pot of a lot of musical elements into one pop presentation. He dips his foot into a lot of different genres. It's a very good album to learn from. He succeeded in his dramatic ballad styled songs (Whataya Want From Me, Soaked and Sleepwalker) while surprisingly his rock songs felt flat for me (Strut and Sure Fire Winners.) The album as a whole doesn't have a cohesive sound to it but you can almost divide the album into 3-4 parts for a more even sound. Adam makes this melting pot of sounds somehow work and even though they don't go together... they kind of find a way to complement each other in a roller coaster of emotions kind of way. The album is hectic and dramatic while also fun and sad. For a debut it understandable but I'm hoping for Adam to find his sound on the next album.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2011"
8,"It's not a great album, but it's a good album. When it first came out, I listened to it over and over again, and now I seem to have put it to rest. It may not stand the test of time, but it's got some dance-able hits, nice ballads, creativity, and Adam's incredible voice.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2012"
8,"It is simply impossible to ignore this album. With some of the catchiest hooks around this album really is one of the best pop albums you'll hear. His incredible vocals and obvious pop star qualities save this album from being called 'Adam Lambert Sings', because let's face it, it is a little too obvious at times which songs previously belonged to Lady Gaga, P!nk, Muse and so on.",0,0,"May 31, 2012"
10,"Damn sexy album. Not a single song brings you down and songs like soaked emphasize his high riffs and those like aftermath give u a jol when you feel low. amazing. just beyond something words can describe. although music again was quite uptempo it's lyrics are really wonky.... 10/10",0,0,"Sep  3, 2012"
9,"An amazing pop album debut from season eight runner up of American Idol, Adam Lambert. There is not one bad song on the album. Picking a favorite is pretty much impossible, but stand out tracks include: 'Whataya Want From Me', 'Aftermath', 'If I Had You' and 'Sleepwalker'.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2013"
8,"Throughout the album, Lambert brings a real sense of spectacle to his vocal performances. A brilliant power-pop record. It's just a shame it's a little too obvious which songs were written by Pink, Gaga, Matthew Bellamy and so on.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2015"
9,"I used to LOATHE Lady Gaga and was BAFFLED at why everyone enjoyed her so much. I even made a playlist of my favorite music which included: C,S,N and Young, James Brown, The Police, Jefferson Airplane, The Doors, Aretha... just to name a few, and I called this playlist 'Lady Gaga is Going to Die'... I did this because I felt like society was really F***ed up to think that this girl had talent. With this album, however, she completely changed my mind. I may not be a 'Gagamaniac', but I certainly respect her at least. Just enjoy it for it's musicality. Not what she says, but how she says it, and how the music enhances these feelings she is trying to make into this... music. It's certainly beautiful and breathtaking at times. With this being leaps and bounds better than her first album, I wait for what she will come up with in the future.",26,31,"Jan 22, 2010"
10,"A beautiful album by Lady Gaga, it's even better than the first one.",16,20,"Jan 13, 2010"
10,"Amazing melodies, amazing lyrics, amazing vocals... Simply, one of the greatest pop albums of the 21st century.",6,6,"Jan 13, 2013"
10,"Magic. Pure perfection. This album is flawless. Every single song is a whole different world. Each record has been developed precisely. The music and the lyrics couldn't be more flawless. RedOne + Gaga mix shines more than ever with the songs they have created together. AMAZING. I have no words to describe.",4,4,"Aug 16, 2012"
10,"I always want hear a record like that. All the songs are catchy and strongers, with could reach the #1 for seasons . Powerful voice and though Gaga thought that BTW would be her best album I think it's the best ( not too far )",4,4,"Dec  5, 2012"
10,"One of the most beautiful and wonderful album i've ever heard... I love lady gaga. This album is absolutely perfect, and poethic. Dance in the dark, Bad romance, Alejandro, So happy i could die, Teeth, Monster every song of this album is a powerful mix of great things!",3,3,"Nov 13, 2011"
10,"This album is amazing, each track flows into each other and they are crafted with perfection. All the songs on the album are flat out amazing. Best tracks are 'Bad Romance' 'Telephone' 'Alejandro' 'Dance in the Dark'  and 'Monster and 'So Happy I Could Die'100% A+",3,3,"May 13, 2011"
10,"The Fame Monster is the bridge to Lady Gaga",3,3,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Let me just say I love Lady Gaga,and I think anyone who reads this should know that.I think this is an incredible album.The darker tone is immediately apparent,especially in 'Alejandro'.All the songs are fantastic,so if you're a Lady Gaga fan,I highly recommend it,but you've probably already bought it.My only nitpick with the album is that it is censored,which is irritating.Despite that,The Fame Monster is incredible,and can be bought in the standard 1 disc version,or the 2 Disc Deluxe Edition,which has The Fame Monster,plus The Fame CD with 3 new songs.The song 'Again Again' was removed however,but not a huge loss.In the end,I highly recommend Lady Gaga's The Fame Monster.",3,3,"May 27, 2011"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 'dance music' que j foi feito. Com apenas 8 msicas, Lady Gaga consegue uma sonoridade incrvel. Os hits so viciantes demais, cada um com suas peculiaridades. Foi com este lbum que ela mostrou que veio para ficar.Melhores Faixas: Bad Romance / Telephone / Dance in the Dark",3,3,"Aug 26, 2011"
10,"The Fame Monster was a perfect pop era and can most likely never be re-done. What better way to start off a new EP/CD than to bleed to death on the MTV VMA's? GaGas. ideas and presentation of fame has been quite remarkable. While presenting us with loads of artistic visions and clothes from fashion designers with ideas no ones ever seen she manages to give us radio friendly modern dance-pop masterpieces. Songs like Telephone and Bad Romance have cemented their way onto pop culture history and while her songs are portrayed to have more meaning than they probably do, it just adds more spark and life to her act. After all Lady GaGa goes beyond an album and singles. She's managed to make it on the top grossing tours EVER. Her act is remarkable and this 8 song classic will be a staple for any pop fan for decades to come. Standouts: Alejandro and Dance in the Dark",3,3,"Aug 23, 2011"
10,"This, in my most honest opinion is 'Pop-Gold'. Lady Gaga has done a fantastic job in translating the monster that is fame (in her eyes) into pure genuine Pop music. From the lyrical content, her amazing vocals and the great production, 'The Fame Monster' is a Pop masterpiece.
Must Downloads: All of them!",3,3,"Dec 29, 2013"
10,"All these songs in this album have the strong for been singles, i can say wih more confidence than ever that this album is a bible of pop music my darling's",3,3,"Sep 24, 2014"
9,"An EP that deserved to be an album in full, with great songs to sing, dance, only listen or do what you want, that's what that year was in need and Gaga did a great job on it.
Highlights: Telephone and Bad Romance
Lows: So Happy I Could Die and Alejandro",3,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Catchy hooks, dance tunes, that wake up the party animal inside. The successful EP follow up to the massive, gigantic hit 'The Fame' certainly did not leave fans disappointed. One of the most, if not the most excellent pop releases in the 2000s.",3,3,"Jan 21, 2015"
10,"Though there is no denying that The Fame is a much better album, The Fame Monster stays more consistant than The Fame with its dark, mysterious tone, something that The Fame didn't pull off.",2,2,"May 27, 2011"
9,"I think that the sounds present in the songs of 'The Fame Monster' is quite original and I really appreciate the work of Lady Gaga, and I really like all the songs in the album and I think that the best tracks are Bad Romance and Speechless. Although the lyrics can often be no deep meanings or worthy of note I really love the simplicity of the melodies and choruses, which in any case does not diminish the skill and talent of the artist",2,2,"Jun  3, 2011"
10,"One of - if not the - best album of the decade. Lady Gaga continues the revolution in pop that made",2,2,"Jun 11, 2011"
9,"Lady Gaga's second album, The Fame Monster, is not fun. Neither is it sexy, nor is it jubilant. And it definitely isn't pretty. It's masterful. It's elusive, dark, catchy, rhythmical, inharmonic, satirical (at some points even humorous), and musically brilliant. It's Gaga's tour de force, her assertion into the pop-musical realm, her footprint in the cemented road of musical development in the 2k decade. Gaga, in collaboration with writers RedOne, Fernando Garibay, and Space Cowboy, proves that she, in fact, can escape the squid-like suction cups of radio music, while holding on to the classic pop templates that seem to be necessary to create a decently successful album. It's as if you gave Lady Gaga the Mona Lisa, and she transformed it into an austere Origami swan. The use of dissonance in this album is coherent and will not go unrecognized. She is effectively able to make music with making harmony, a difficult task for those artists that want to remain popular. The production value in this album is immense, much greater than her previous album, and for once, it doesn't detract from the true sound she tries to make. She doesn't hide her music deeply. In this album, she levels it above everything. It is important to note, though, that ugly does not make a song. Some moments in this album, we have to bear with the non-musical ugly, which may not be fun (and at some points, isn't even necessary to get the full effect of the album).Overall, Gaga's The Fame Monster gives us the impression that Gaga isn't just some hooker off the street. She cares about her music, like her album is her baby, and transfers as much personality and life into it as she can, making sure to include both the good and bad of her. Her album leaves us satisfied, but because of it's length, also leaves us hungry for more.",2,2,"Mar 25, 2012"
10,"Every track is absolutely amazing!! And every track has its own poweful meaning. The album is very well put together, and the production keeps you waving and dancing all day long. Highlights : every song x3 but Bad Romance for the best!",2,2,"Jul  6, 2012"
10,"In some critics say that in The Fame Monster, Gaga It really brought us something unique, bringing surprising lyrics, melodies and different rhythms. INNOVATIVE",2,2,"Oct  6, 2012"
10,"This Album is fill with dancing songs and great hook. Like Bad Romance and Telephone. Other songs like Dance in the Dark and Alejandro are great songs! This album was also a big break for Lady GaGa, Bad Romance and Telephone help her make money. She is a great Artist and this Album kicked her off w/ a great year. Overall it's a 10 and it's a great Album.",2,2,"Dec 22, 2011"
10,"Her best album !",2,2,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"Her masterpiece ,creative and original album, much better than Born This Way and The Fame, I like every song but the best song is Bad Romance in my opinion.",2,2,"Apr 14, 2012"
10,"Realy great album.Great songs,great music videos!",2,2,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"If only Gaga stopped here, she would have spared herself a tonne of hate. The Fame Monster is exceptionally good - 8 perfect tracks. I can't not give this a solid 10 rating, since there is not much to not love on this one (except maybe the not-so-original Alejandro video, but the song is great anyway). If you're new to Gaga, this is the one I'd go for (the only one in fact). Avoid anything that came after this. Personal favourites: Bad Romance, Dance in the Dark, So Happy I Could Die, Teeth (which is also the best Gaga song to date in my opinion)",2,2,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Brilliant. The best release of 2009, which certainly gave the best singles and videos of 2010. Album highlights: Bad Romance, Teeth. Simply Pop-perfection.",2,2,"Mar 27, 2012"
9,"Absolutely perfect message, the fame isn't that paradise we think, every music treat about different mistakes and causes, well produced and a great sequence for the previous album.",2,2,"Mar  9, 2013"
10,"One Of The Greatest Pop Albums Of All Time! The Lyrics Her Voice.. Magic",2,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"A monument in pop music. It revolutionizes pop and will forever mark its print. The reason why Gaga is so good is that she is the chameleon of music: switching from Abba to Christina from song to another. She is simply deserving for the nomination of Album of the Year, just Arcade Fire is better.",2,2,"Aug  5, 2014"
10,"Bad Romance to Teeth - all of them are just pure masterpieces, no flaws detected in any of the 8 golden tracks on this fantastic album. Loving this album very much.",2,2,"Sep 25, 2014"
9,"Another bible of pop! Art and Gaga's criativity, you'll find here. My favorites:
1 - Bad Romance
2 - Dance in the Dark
3 - Alejandro
4 - Monster
5 - Telephone
6 - Teeth
7 - So Happy I Could Die
8 - Speechless (I prefer this one live, is so much better!)",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This, in my most honest opinion is 'Pop-Gold'. Lady Gaga has done a fantastic job in translating the monster that is fame (in her eyes) into pure genuine Pop music. From the lyrical content, her amazing vocals and the great production, 'The Fame Monster' is a Pop masterpiece.",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This EP is considered her best piece of music by many, and there are a lot of reasons to this. 8 fabulous tracks, not only on their productions but also on Gaga's fantastic vocals on all of them. Congratulations to the queen!",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Anyone who likes pop and isn't deaf would like it. It contains one of the best pop songs of the decade ('Bad Romance') and that, alone, says an awful lot about it.",2,2,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Lady Gaga comes back with an ever better album than her debut, 'The Fame'. She powers through the charts with standout tracks 'Bad Romance' and 'Telephone', and yet, still shines on less recognised tracks such as 'Monster' and the moving ballad 'Speechless'. The album that solidified who she was as an artist, Lady Gaga is far from over.",2,2,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"philosophorse
Aug 5, 2014
10
A monument in pop music. It revolutionizes pop and will forever mark its print. The reason why Gaga is so good is that she is the chameleon of music: switching from Abba to Christina from song to another. She is simply deserving for the nomination of Album of the Year, just Arcade Fire is bette",2,2,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"This is the best pop album of the 21st century. With the icy electropop instrumentals and the catchy hooks of songs that are all single-worthy, Gaga makes it hard to top herself. 'Dance in the Dark', 'Monster', and 'Bad Romance' are essential must-listens on the album. I promise that you won't regret giving this album a listen.",2,2,"Dec  9, 2014"
10,"To bom quanto ao The fame.
Monster 10
Speechless 10
Dance in the Dark 9.5
So Happy I Could Die 9.5
Essas so as msicas que ouo at hoje depois de 4 anos do lanamento.",2,2,"Jan  6, 2015"
9,"All of the songs are amazingly catchy and nice, and Gaga proves that she has the vocals to sing as well.She's an all rounded singer, and can dance, sing and is particularly good LIVE, compared to other modern-day singers.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2011"
9,"This Is Good Not As Good As Her 1st CD But Still Good :) Go GAGA!",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Pop music has a bad reputation: repetition, laziness, the lack of anything by the singer. Thankfuly, artists like GaGa do exist. Producing a -highly- solid (and not all radio friendly) albums with masterful songs causing 'Born This Way' to nearly burst at the seems, it stands tribute that Pop music is a genre like any other, though highly infused with rock and electronic also. Most stand out tracks for me are 'Bloody Mary', 'Heavy Metal Lovers' and 'Government Hooker'. A must buy.",1,1,"May 19, 2011"
9,"So Happy I Could, Speechless, Alejandro, Dance In The Dark and Monster are amazing tracks. The only reason it's not 100 is because there is Telephone.",1,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
9,"By far the best pop album of 2009. Way better than The Fame, 8 amazing tracks, no fillers. The vocals are great as well. Standouts - Bad Romance, Dance In The Dark.",1,1,"May 26, 2011"
9,"The album is perfect in its own way and every song in the album is definitely enjoyable to listen. It showed Lady Gaga in a different side as compared to her previous album.",1,1,"May 25, 2011"
9,"I remember the first time I heard 'Bad Romance,' having barely recovered from Lady Gaga's explosion onto the music scene with her debut album, The Fame; I couldn't believe the song I was hearing was Gaga. It sounded nothing like 'Poker Face,' and at first, my heart skipped a beat.But therein lies the strength of The Fame Monster; as a whole, the CD is nothing like its predecessor. While The Fame succeeds in being an in-your-face, shameless pop/dance tour de force about the rise to and struggle for fame, The Fame Monster takes a step back and analyzes the consequences of said actions. The result is a staggeringly good piece of pop, showing Gaga's darker (and stronger) musical side. Songs like 'Dance in the Dark' and 'Bad Romance' push the boundaries of pop music and challenge other artists to follow Gaga in creating pop that isn't (gasp) mindless, while others like 'Telephone' play to the strengths that allowed her to become this famous in the first place. The Fame Monster blows The Fame out of the water and nearly makes the original 14 track album seem of such low quality (which it definitely is not) that you'd wish she'd debuted with this one instead.",1,1,"Aug 12, 2011"
10,"This masterpice is Lady Gaga's best album. I really love it. I can listen this album 24/7. 'Bad Romance' - 10/10, 'Alejandro' - 10/10, 'Monster' - 10/10, 'Speechless' - 10/10, 'Dance in The Dark' - 10/10, 'Telephone' - 10/10, 'So Happy I Could Die' - 10/10, 'Teeth' - 10/10. Perfect album.",1,1,"Jul 28, 2012"
10,"The Fame Monster is perfect from start to finish (although the ending track 'Teeth' is a bit of a bad spot, but still listen-able), the album is a perfect juxtaposition of the glamorization of 'The Fame' that the first album highlighted, taking on a darker view on the fame. I can't choose a top track, because they are all personal favourites for different reasons, although 'Dance In The Dark' probably has the edge; but only just. 'Speechless', a piano-ballad which Gaga wrote after her father told her about a heart condition he was not planning on getting sorted, is solely written by Gaga herself, and really shows off her lyrical capabilities. To round up, the album can be easy listening AND yet provide room for thought if you listen close enough, it's a basis of what pop records should be.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
10,"Good things comes in small packages and this is it. This eight tracks EP is one of Lady Gaga's best work. It's not too long or too short. You must definitely check it out. My favourite tracks from the album would be Bad Romance, Dance In The Dark and Alejandro.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
10,"This was her best album yet! Bad Romance made her world famous and now she is reaping the rewards. This album is also mentioned as the best of 2000's decade by The Rolling Stones and TIME 100 :)",1,1,"Apr  2, 2012"
10,"Este lbum  realmente bom. Mostra uma verdadeira evoluo em relao ao lbum The Fame, uma GaGa mais evoluda, m, esse lbum  formado por grandes msicas, Bad Romance, que mostra o verdadeiro pop, uma msica onde no existe ningum que pelo menos sabe uma parte dela. Telephone, uma msica bem agitada, uma msica nem boa, nem ruim. Alejandro, outra msica que caiu na boca do povo na parte Alealejandro Alealejandro, Speechless, que foge do rtimo do lbum com uma msica bela e romntica, pena no virar single. Dance In The Dark, a melhor do lbum, Lady Gaga decidiu-la jogar fora. Teeth, uma msica que realmente lembra um exrcito, misses, boa msica e ambm a animada So Happy I Cold Die, viciante tambm. Esse lbum merece um 9.5, mas como no existe 9.5, fica para 10 :)",1,1,"Apr  6, 2012"
10,"PERFECT Album, Dance in The Dark, Alejandro, Bad Romance, Telephone, Teeth..... Perfect musics, dark album pop is perfect, Lady GaGa is the new queen of pop, no more questions, **** please.",1,1,"Apr  7, 2012"
10,"I loved this album she has such an amazing talent no other singer has and has such an odd choice in wardrobe!!!! As gaga forever said 'GAGA WILL NEVER BE TOPPED'",1,1,"Apr 23, 2012"
10,"This Is One Of The Only Albums I Loved Every Single Song On It!
Amazing Perfect Gaga",1,1,"May 28, 2012"
10,"A great product of the Lady herself, Gaga has managed to create an album that is near faultless. From the opening Euro-sleazy Bad Romance to the showful, almost narcissistic sounding Teeth, the album doesn't fall flat or dry. Highlights include the lead single, the bustling sounds of Telephone, the 80's touch of Dance In the Dark and the crusty rock-esque vocals on the ballad Speechless. Without doubt one of Lady Gaga's finest and most cohesive piece of music to date and a treat for the fans or pop culture everywhere.",1,1,"Jun 22, 2012"
9,"This album is better than The Fame & Born This Way. The best songs are So Happy I Could Die and Monster. The concept of the album is interesting. I want to have her new record!",1,1,"Jul 10, 2012"
10,"This album is going to be seen as a milestone in Gaga's career. I'm pretty sure. This album not only gives you 8 hit tracks to listen to, it also follows a concept and has a deeper meaning which is getting expressed on every single track. It's simply flawless and a stands head and shoulders above its competitors.
Highlights are Bad Romance, Alejandro and Dance in The Dark.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2012"
10,"A jaw-dropping album. I honestly think every song on here could've been a single except for Speechless, and that one's only because the subject matter is too personal and emotional for top 40 radio. At a trim 34 minutes long, it's clear Gaga went out of her way to only use the best she had to offer. Alejandro and Teeth are the weakest songs on here, but both are still worth listening to. Telephone sounds out of place from the rest of the album, but it works just fine on its own. But Monster, Dance in the Dark, and Bad Romance are the tracks that'll keep you coming back again and again.",1,1,"Aug  4, 2012"
10,"Es un gran album. Lady Gaga inicia una nueva de musica pop con Bad romance, beats de los beats, despus toca ms palos como en Teeth, en teeth o baladas como speechless. Uno de los mejor discos POP de la historia.",1,1,"Oct 31, 2012"
9,"The second album of Gaga prove her fascinating talent, she is unique, there aren't anyone like her, she is a 'brand', her lyrics are amazing and she has re-created pop music, nothing is the same since she is there.",1,1,"Nov 14, 2012"
10,"This album was Gaga's peak for a reason. It is a simply sublime work of pop art. I shake my head over the pop music being made today and this album is one of the few beacons of hope for the genre. Now, I have a very unpopular opinion that Telephone was not all that. I believe it's one of her most basic recordings and too generic, and is the only 'meh' moment on this otherwise perfect album. The Fame Monster's diversity is really astonishing. From the industrial sound of Bad Romance, the Latin pop elements of Alejandro, the 80's pop of Monster, the Elton John-esque Speechless, the ravetastic Dance In The Dark, the heavenly So Happy I Could Die and the sexy, kooky, Teeth, this album is a stunner from start to finish. There have been many debates even among fans as to whether this constitutes an album or an EP. Well, outwith it having 8 tracks that altogether last over 34 minutes, longer than some 10 track albums, I have never seen an EP gain this much sales, fame, get nominated for album of the year at the Grammys and generate a second world tour grossing $227 million. So I believe it is an album. And speaking of the Grammys, it was an absolute travesty that this masterpiece did not win Album of the Year. But its sales and legenadary status mean the public has spoken. A classic is born.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2013"
10,"'The Fame Monster' made me a Monster actually, and more particularly with 'So Happy I Could Die' and 'Dance In The Dark'. Gaga proved that she wasamazing with 'The Fame', which more aimed at dancing and enjoying ourselves. Each of 8 songs of 'The Fame Monster' stands for a fear and Gaga made awesome songs out of them. We already knew that it would be a great album because of 'Bad Romance'. I personally think that 'Alejandro' and 'Telephone' are the greatest songs and hits. This is so POP and the world must listen to this breathtaking album.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2013"
10,"Pretty much every song on this album is stuffed with symbolism, and it's quite beautiful. A lot of the songs are really dark and show a lot of her struggles. It's one of the best albums I've heard in a while.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2013"
10,"One of the best if not at times the most highly overrated EP released in recent years. It is an incredible piece of pop music, that will certainly leave many, dare I say it, speechless.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2013"
10,"The album is so amazing...
My favorite single: Bad Romance and Alejandro
My favorites tracks: So Happy I Could Die, Dance In The Dark and Monster.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"Not as good as 'Born This Way', but better than 'The Fame'. Even though it is has only eight tracks, all of them are catchy. My favorite song is 'So Happy I Could Die'.",1,1,"Aug 15, 2013"
10,"Este album es sorprendente, es uno de los mejores lbumes del Pop, junto con el productor Redone logra crear sonidos realmente buenos e interesantes, canciones realmente oscuras como So Happy i Could Die o Teeth suenan como lo mejor del album.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2013"
10,"lady gaga is amazing, she knows how to write powerful songs with a good chorus, shes so professional, she is so good, she sings so good too, she got the future, the future of music and the fame monster is the best album of the year  you know what im trying to say, im trying to say that she has passion and her album is amazing since the beginning until the end",1,1,"Oct 17, 2013"
9,"overall this is a very pleasing experience. This record is inspired by electro-house and a modern take on drum and bass and it blends beautifully. even-though this record only counts 8 songs, it's one of the more solid works ever put out by a pop-singer. the only two downsides of this record is the pummeling and non-cohesive 'teeth' and the slightly generic 'telephone'. every other song however is a fine work of pop and art.",1,1,"Oct 23, 2013"
10,"Definitivamente uno de los mejores EP de nuestros aos. Con The Fame Monster Lady Gaga impulsa su bsqueda de la Fama, tocando el lado oscuro que sta conlleva.
Aunque podra parecer arriesgada, la experimentacin en este disco es soberbia, lejos de ser pretenciosa. Definitivamente uno de los discos ms oscuros y a la vez luminosos de nuestros das.
Canciones como Bad Romance, Dance in the Dark o So Happy I Could Die son slo una muestra de la henealidad de Lady Gaga.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2013"
9,"This is Lady Gaga at her top. Every single song on this EP is well produced and i really enjoyed everything. The only reason i don't gave it  a 10 is because 'teeth' could be better.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2013"
10,"This is a Beautiful album, Lady Gaga wrotte amazing songs, such inspirational! es hermoso, tiene canciones perfectas como Bad Romance y Dance in the Dark, canciones que inspiran como Speechless, canciones que te van a hacer bailar como Telephone! es grandioso!",1,1,"Nov  5, 2013"
10,"The Fame Monster is basically one of the best albums out there. The dark theme of the album is very nice and every song is different. I still love listening to this album even though it's been years since it's came out. I LOVE every song. This is a must have album for anyone who loves Lady Gaga or Pop Music!
My Personal favorites are: Bad Romance, Alejandro, Monster, Telephone, Dance in the Dark, and So Happy I Can Die",1,1,"Nov 10, 2013"
10,"Esse CD  ouro puro, cada musica que est nele poderia ser um single de sucesso. Tem muita musica que eu escuto at hoje e fico 'como eu queria um videoclipe dessa musica'.  aquele lbum que voc leva pra vida.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"Her best album yet, full of catchy songs that make you get up and start dancing. It is fun, and full of great songs for clubs, this is a unique album that deserves our applause.",1,1,"Nov 15, 2013"
9,"An excellent extension to her Fame album, The Fame Monster keeps up with the quality of its predecessor, with even more depth and an overall tone that's darker and more defined. The songs from this album would go on to win her more fans, with the likes of Bad Romance & Telephone, becoming huge smashes worldwide. Its edgier feel puts this album forth as one that will be thoroughly memorable. More significantly, this album spawned music videos that drove her popularity to stardom, with the highly-acclaimed first two singles taking charge at the 2011 Video Music Awards.
On a personal note, this is my favourite album off my CD collection (one that has more than a hundred copies), with it taking the most spins on my stereo. The reason why I adore Gaga so much, and where I'd say I derive my audio pleasure and satisfaction.
Standout Tracks: Bad Romance, Speechless, Dance In The Dark, Telephone (ft. Beyonc)",1,1,"Nov 29, 2013"
10,"With the follow up to 'The Fame', anticipation was high and the pressure was on the newcomer Lady Gaga to prove herself to the world - in this 8 song epic concept album, she does just that. Each song represents a different monster/fear. Bad Romance, for example is the fear of love monster, and Telephone is the fear of suffocation. The songs go much harder here than on 'The Fame' although they don't lose their disco edge. Along with the fear of the album, we have an underlying sadness, which is really evident in songs such as 'So Happy I Could Die' and 'Monster'. Considered by many to be the pop icon's finest release, Fame Monster proved that Gaga was not going away anytime soon.",1,1,"May 22, 2014"
10,"My favorite album of the all time produced by Lady Gaga, I don't think she will be ever able to top this, because it has everything, from amazing performances to flawless songs, I really enjoyed Bad Romance!
I give it a fat 10!",1,1,"Jan 12, 2014"
10,"This album is no doubt her best, its so dark and catchy, I loved every track my only complaint would be that alejandro was a single, when tracks such as dance in the dark, speechless and monster are far superior.",1,1,"Jan 31, 2014"
10,"Album maravilhoso que traz canes maravilhosas como Dance In The Dark,Alejandro e at Teeth.
Bad Romance  o grande naipe-pop do album.E Telephone  s o recheio.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"A rare album, with eight tracks that has the power to win Grammys and make the artist live in another level of the fame. That's what Gaga created! The Fame Monster has impressive, catchy and original songs and the lyrics are unreal. This is an album that just LADY GAGA can sing, others are not capable.
One word to define it: EPIC!",1,1,"Jun 25, 2014"
10,"It is an awesome album. There are so many good tracks on this 2 CDs. My favourite tracks are Bad Romance, Monster, Brown Eyes, Love Games and of cause Poker Face. The value is really high and I fell not the slightest regret for buying this album.",1,1,"Sep 15, 2014"
9,"Where every Gothic pop started, Gaga created an explosion of thoughts, erotically or romantically, for a blast of sick tunes and heavy beats big enough to turn the pop music history upside down.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2014"
10,"One of her best works, truly the album/EP of the decade. No one not even her (although we hope) will top this EP. The song choices and lyrics are very dark and beautifully written. This is easily worth ANY amount you may pay for it. a masterpiece",1,1,"Jan  5, 2015"
10,"you can not explain how this album was amazing, deserved to be universally acclaimed because gaga worked very well in it , is one of the true influential albums of the current POP , finally , he was very good for all",1,1,"Feb 28, 2015"
10,"Just a perfect pop album, there's no waste on any of its 8 songs. Just the fist song ''Bad Romance'' is a prelude of how great is the rest of the album.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2015"
9,"'Teeth' can not destroy this genuine work of art. With engaging beats, heavier than its predecessor, The Fame Monster can ensure their quality and still provide something new to the repertoire of Lady Gaga. As for the retro tracks, marked here by 'Speechless' and 'Dance In The Dark', can have a higher quality than those of its predecessor. With seven tracks hair-raising, we can't even be discouraged by the annoying repetition of 'Teeth'.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"FANTASTIC ALBUM. Truly not a bad song on it. Most underrated song has to be Dance In The Dark, should have been the 2nd single instead of Alejandro!!!!",1,1,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"I remember hearing Alejandro for the first time... it was the most beautiful thing that i have ever heard back then, the sound of it, the melody...oh... and this emotion carries throughout the whole album for me. The songs are all individuals on their own, strong, independant songs, pop masterpieces. Bad Romance is one of the best songs ever, it is trully unique and special... i could go on writing about this album forever, but i will just say, 5/7 :D",1,1,"May  1, 2016"
10,"The simplest masterpeice album i have ever heard    .",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Much better than Lady Gaga's first album, 'The Fame Monster' manages where the first one fails: focus. It is much more focused on what Gaga is really about: good beats, interesting lyrics and just good music to dance to and enjoy oneself. After seeing the videos, too, it just all fits in perfectly. Basically, all of the songs are very good and they are all feel related somehow, even the stand-out ballad 'Speechless' which is Gaga's first really good ballad.Also, her cooperation with Beyonce is noteworthy in 'Telephone,' which is one of my favourite dance tracks ever. Definitely, a much better album than 'The Fame' and an excellent 2nd album for Gaga. If she keeps this up, we're in for a treat when the next album comes out! Good work!!! Rah rah ah ah ah Roma, roma ma, Gaga ooh la la. :)",4,5,"Aug 13, 2010"
10,"Another blockbuster album by Lady Gaga. Bad Romance is the best song off the record. Bad Romance is just spectacular in every way. The song 'Monster' is a close second. Each song is well written and produced.",4,5,"Nov  6, 2010"
10,"Lady GaGa continues her transition into the position of reigning Pop Queen with The Fame Monster - Her deliciously different and sparklingly brilliant sophomore album. The album has it's highs and lows, but what's so amazing is the fact that the lows aren't really lows, but are only slightly lower than the others in the set. Bravo GaGa, bravo.",4,5,"Jan  2, 2011"
10,"Lady Gaga has just slayed the pop history with a 8-track EP.This EP is life !The theme ''monster'' has became a trend + the singles are still gaining spins on the radio.Totally a pop classic and this will be remembered after 20 years.The lead single Bad Romance is just a masterpiece on its own , in fact the song crashed the charts and award ceremonies last year.Alejandro is ''latin-insprided pop song'' but the instrumental is just amazing!The 3rd song on the album ''Monster'' explains all those bloody-monster theme + the beats and the lines are amazing.Speechless is the only ballad in the album.To be honest that is the greatest ballad-pop song i've ever listened in 5 years.Fernando produced Dance in the Dark is the best song on the EP.The lines , the beats - da da da dance vocals ~ Everything on that song is just perfect.Telephone (feat. Beyonc) has already shown as the best collabration in 5 years by critics and award shows.So Happy I Could Die is more down-tempo chill pop song but still great.Teeth is like the wackiest thing on that album but it completes the whole era , the theme.Lady Gaga did a great job with this album - Totally worth buying.",4,5,"Jan  4, 2012"
10,"Amazing. Fans will love it and people that hate her will hate it. But if you listen without bias and you like pop music then you will fall in love.",3,4,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"On;y criticism is that its too short. This album explores deeper themes than The ame and boasts catchy numbers like Bad Romance and Telephone. The lone ballad Speechless shows a side to Gaga that most people wouldn't have expected.",3,4,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"Pop phenomenon Lady Gaga does it again. Not only does she provide love-filled songs, but opposite of 'The Fame', she talks about the dark side of fame. 'The Fame Monster' is an addition to The Fame era. With 8 brand-new tracks, each one is about Lady Gaga's 'fear monsters'. She also proves that she can run over any artist in the industry with the singles including 'Telephone feat. Beyonce', 'Bad Romance' and 'Alejandro'. Some songs will make you want to cry, including 'Speechless' and 'So Happy I Could Die'. Many are club-friendly.",3,4,"Feb  4, 2011"
10,"OMG!!!!! My favorite album ever!!!!!  'Dance in the Dark' is the best song on the album.  The album shows a different side of gaga.  'Speechless' is a song that usually makes me cry because of the ontent and how heartfelt it is...GAGA WILL NEVER BE TOPPED",8,12,"Sep 16, 2010"
10,"The darker side of Gaga is definetly compelling but lacked in depth, but she sure knows how to crank up tunes that most pop stars can only dream of. With standouts like 'Telephone', 'Bad Romance' and 'Teeth', this album will please both new and old fans. Now ... let's redefine the length of a 'studio album' shall we?!",4,6,"Jan  7, 2010"
10,"She out-did herself!!",4,6,"Nov 26, 2009"
4,"She has a nice voice and good control, but no sense of creativity in her treatment of the songs. She's about as vanilla as they come. Her CD is good for one, maybe two listenings, but probably no more.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
2,"There are so many good singers that probably deserve more attention than Susan Boyle. She has a nice voice but it is at the same time very limited. I believe that is why all the songs are slow ballads. No, this is not a record I would buy.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2009"
8,"Not too shabby for a 48 year old. Her covers on some songs are amazing, particularly 'I Dreamed A Dream' and 'Wild Horses'.Her original song 'Who I was Born to Be' is very meaningful and very perfect for SuBo to sing.All in all, a pretty good album, I can say.",1,1,"Nov  8, 2010"
10,"A lovely lady with a beautiful voice. I am not disappointed at all. I cried the moment I heard her sing Wild Horses. I love this album.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"For Boyle fans ... this is a great first album from a lady who sings from her heart which is what most listeners want to hear. I appreicate the effort as do thousands of fans across the universe.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
4,"This is exactly what I expected. EXACTLY. It's straight out of the 'stock, over-produced and neutered' drawer that always gets opened around Christmas (aka Acquistionfest) time. Bland, inoffensive renditions of enjoyable pop songs and show tunes that will appeal to the middle-aged/older crowd. These kinds of album will make ideal gifts for those who have no idea what to buy their friends and relatives. It appeals to everyone and yet no-one in particular. Many copies will be consigned to bargain bins, charity shops and the attic come next year. Susan Boyle will eventually join similar 'artists' like the now overlooked Hayley Westenra after the hype dies down and her producers/handlers find newer one-hit-wonder ca$hcows. The tragedy is that Susan would fare so much better if her voice wasn't processed and autotuned and she had enough idea of what career path she wanted to travel. As much as I hate these light-entertainment fad talent shows, she could fairly accurately be called 'voice of the people' - an ordinary individual with an extraordinary talent. But that will be wasted if all she ever does is lacklustre versions of other people's material, and knowing the people who control her career, that's exactly what will happen. Still, she'll have no problem keeping her cat fed now, so it's not all bad. Maybe she'll buy a couple more? Everyone could use a cat or two.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
10,"Absolutely Wonderful. The whole thing is extremely well balanced and wonderful. Absolute must buy.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
4,"Boring. all hype. who cares about the story. i only care about the music, which quite frankly, borders on sucking. sure, she has a nice voice...that sounds rather ordinary, right about average for an operatic voice. this CD, with all the hype behind it, just became an overproduced messed, that if not for the story, we'd never care about.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Absolutely AMAZING!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
4,"Mediocrity at its finest.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
2,"Boyle has the sparkle of a hard boiled egg on this set of infinitely dull songs. She's been made over, tarted up, set-up and transfigured but she and her singing are still just as plain as her name suggests. Look at her on the cover holding back or covering up the fat on her face so that she appears to have a thin face - the producers and photographers must have thought they really pulled a fast one there. The songs on the CD are in a similar way a cover up. They are lifeless and drab, the accompaniment worthy of elevator musak and Boyle's singing is inconsistent and patchy at best. She had one moment of glory on Britian's Got Talent - it was a moment in which she unconsciously admonished all those who judged her on her appearance - it was a glorious moment for the underdog but that moment is long gone and does not come through on this CD. It's a big step from being an underdog to being a star. All those people who were eager to cash in on her world wide instant stardom wanted to make that step a small one so they could get their share of Boyle's market. No doubt got their pocket's full but unfortunately Boyle doesn't have the talent her producers would like her to have.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
10,"By far some of the best music I've heard in quite a while. Thanks Susan.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"This is mostly just to balance out the surprisingly low user score, but Susan Boyle is great!! Thanks for the amazing album!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"Beautiful voice. Beautiful woman. It was love at first sight. I wish I could see her live. I wish she would cover The Go-Between's 'The Statue', or The Blue Nile's 'Downtown Lights'.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
4,"At some parts Robbie shows that he is a good singer-songwriter, but most of the time this album is rubbish. While hearing 'Won't Do That' I actually wanted to smash my head against the desk - this song is terribly bad. He obviously became too old to make good music. Sometimes his talent peeks through, but it's better to skip this release of him.",0,1,"Dec 10, 2012"
10,"A brilliant singer-songwriter and an amazing album.  A very talented Artist,  and I highly recommend this album to anyone. One of my favourites by him.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
9,"Annie is one of the most underrated dance/pop artists out there. After hearing 'Chewing Gum' last year I instantly tried to find 'Anniemal'. After hearing it and loving it 'Don't Stop' easily impressed me. Make sure you buy the 2-CD edition with 'All Night EP'.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2011"
5,"To say I was excited about this new album would be an understatement. I truly believe Continuum to be a showcasing of Mayer growing as an artist and musician. When I listen to Battle Studies I feel that Mayer has more in him and is begin to back pedal on his progress as a song writer. I believe he has more in him than what this album shows, and it just feels like a lazy effort. While it certainly isn't the worst album of the last decade it isn't one I'll turn to listen to frequently. Bring your A game next time Mayer.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
10,"A nice departure from his usual music progression. His First Theme album, and I think he did it perfectly. A great collection of deep lyrics and emotional melodies.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
9,"Mayer takes his songwriting to a new more 'grown up' level with this album. Melodies and hooks that get to you fast and STAY with you. Combines the best of his earlier albums. Only crit. is I would have liked a few songs with a bit more funk. The musicians he used seem to be wasted on these softer songs.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
8,"'Edge of Desire', to infinity the best song on this album.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2009"
10,"It's simply brilliant. John has simply outdone himself since Continuum for sure!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"There aren't enough musicians out there today who understand that 'Pop' is not a dirty word, and that pop music need not be simplistic twaddle. Battle Studies is a case in point: Somewhat less adventurous than his previous album, Continuum, it is nonetheless a truly excellent POP album.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
6,"As usual, John lied. This album, as always, is for me and mostly about me, not Jennifer Aniston. Although, I must hasten to add that I wasn't the one who said John couldn't or shouldn't do half a dozen things. And I wasn't the other half of his many vulgar relationships. Just his former co-writer and muse. Please ask him when I'm getting paid.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
4,"First off let me say I am a huge John Mayer fan. Second off, let me say that this album is a huge disappointment. Why? 1) There is no energy whatsoever. The entire album feels like background music at a dentist's office. It doesn't demand to be listened to. 2) The lyrics are painful to listen to. 'If you want more love, why don't you say so?'... seriously? Clearly he has nothing to write about anymore, except the momentary emotion he gets from nailing a new hollywood starlet. 3) There is not a single memorable guitar riff on this album... save 'Crossroads'... which isn't his riff. It pains me to think that he had years of time, and surrounded himself with talented musicians... and puts out something so safe and unoriginal. I still love Johnny, but I'll stick to his first 3 albums.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
10,"I love this album so much! the production..the songs..the guitar work..the melodies..yeah its different than continnum but i think its in a step forward in a good way. i bet this album is even better live! march 9th in dallas!!!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
8,"Not as good as I had hoped. Assassin is my favourite track on the album. Friends, Lovers, or Nothing and Heartbreak Warfare rate high with me as well. Some of Mayer's new songs are repetitive (i.e. All We Ever Do Is Say Goodbye) and, I hate to use this term, filler to get through the song. This is a more relaxed album and it shows it. I don't see the musical or lyrical attack in this album like his previous installments. Songs like Waiting on the World to Change, Your Body is a Wonderland, Daughters, etc... explored his musical boundaries. This album is more intimate and personal. The title is perfect. This album goes back and reflects on what he's done so far. The experience and growth he's had as an artist is truly reflected in Battle Studies.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2009"
10,"Many toss Mayer's work off as a teeny-bob aside. I suspect those who do have not TRULY and Thoroughly listened to this extremely talented, lyricist and musician. Outstanding growth and mastery is shown in this his 4th studio album. In the future, those who have written off Mayer may find it hard to believe just how high of a regard he will be held. When I first became aware of his music, going on ten years ago, ('No Such Thing') I stated then that he has a glorious future ahead of him...and I say now...this album is good, great even, as have been each of his studio offerings...but...we haven't seen anything yet. Mayer has yet to show his full hand...maybe it's 'hiding up his sleeve.' tee=hee -musicmaniac",0,0,"Nov 21, 2009"
7,"A new horizon. Back to the bubble gum with a hollowbody overdriven guitar mixed well, but unlike the solid guitarwork we've come to know and expect. Some great tracks although Crossroad... Still a maestro.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2009"
9,"If you are a fan of his blues music you may be a little disappointed. However, if you are a fan of John Mayer in general you will love this CD. In my opinion this is not half as good as his 'Were the Light Is' album, but is still great. There are only one or two songs on this album that I don't really like. Its deffinetly worth picking up.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2009"
4,"Is Mayer just trying to fulfill a record contract before moving on? That's what it sounds like here. This guy is just wasting his talent with these melodramatic, sentimental little ditties. Big disappointment. Mayer is capable of so much more than this.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
4,"I've been a defender of John Mayer since the beginning and, until now, that was an easy job. Each album has been better than the last, and they've all been loaded with well-written songs and great guitar work. Not so with battle studies. There's no other way to say it - this album flat sucks. The songwriting is lazy and uninteresting, the pace is tedious. Crossroads is outright embarassing. Hopefully he'll chalk this one up as a lesson learned and go back and listen to continuum ten times before be starts writing the next batch of tunes.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2009"
7,"I definitely say 7 with a heavy heart. After Continuum and Where the Light Is, I was definitely expecting something... I don't know, PROFOUND, maybe. After listening to the album in its entirety the first time, I found it forgettable and I couldn't believe I of ALL PEOPLE was thinking this. I practically swear by the man's music. I had to listen again and most of the songs have at least grown on me, but I definitely don't have a favorite to rival my favorites from his past albums. I'm still definitely going to see him in concert in February when he comes to DC, but I feel like this album was either meant to raise my expectations for the next one, or made so he could get out of the studio and get on with it.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
6,"At times a bit too introspective and whimsical, but when Mayer hits the right notes (Assassin, Who Says), he really hits the right notes. Sadly what most of what this album is comprised of though, his die hard fans will swoon over and love, but as for drawing in new fans or people on the fence about music, he wont see much of a Continuum.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2009"
9,"john left the boy from ROOM FOR SQUARES years ago ' Battle Studies' is insight from a man who seeks shelter and reaches out for love- 11 tracks of adult observation- a little bit bluesy while remaining current - my generations Eric Clapton keep it up john im growing right beside you.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
10,"Seen within the context of his other work this album will prove to be a valuble addition. Not symbolically concise as an album, but touching lightly on smaller subjects that with time will fit in well with his other work as a whole.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
1,"Mayer is so full of himself and it really shows on this CD. He is simply going through the motions and has no emotional connection with anything (besides himself) on any of these songs.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"An excellent debut CD that show's a glimpse of Kris Allen's versatility and leaves you wanting more. From such amazing tracks as Bring it Back and I Need To Know, which is full of vocal rawness that leaves your heart wrenched, to the funky uptempo Alright With Me and the flirty Can't Stay Away. The album is full of amazing tracks, with something for everyone.",1,1,"Nov 30, 2009"
10,"Exceptional post-Idol album--quite possibly one of or THE pinnacle(s) of any Idol alum's first attempt while on tour. The songs are melodic, catchy, enjoyable...and they LACK cheese! It's...well, a time for miracles. Mwahahah. Kris Allen was a worthy winner. But not only that, he's shown such growth from his first, indie album, 'Brand New Shoes'. I'm not sure why the critics are so hard on him, because he doesn't deserve it whatsoever. (Probably slanted and biased. I also think the calculations are askew.) Check out songs like: 'Can't Stay Away', 'Before We Come Undone', 'Written All Over My Face', 'The Truth', 'Alright With Me', and of course, 'Live Like We're Dying'. Any of those are enjoyable singles, but several others are quality choices as well. Enjoy!",1,1,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"I love this album! The songs are all really catchy, and there isn't a single track that I don't like. I especially like Before We Come Undone, Let it Rain, and Red Guitar. I think Kris did a great job on this album. Looking forward to seeing him in concert once he goes on tour!",1,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
4,"Overproduced!!! This album is not Kris's style at all. He shines with simple acoustic accompaniment. Anything else upstages him.",0,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
0,"Honestly it's trash, I try so hard to like it, but I just can't.",0,1,"Dec  2, 2009"
2,"Subway platform lite-rock. But sorta nice subway platform lite-rock. Alas. Kinda sad. What is it about some of these male 'Idols'? Reuben ??? Bo ?? Taylor ??",0,1,"Nov 21, 2009"
2,"I've really tried to like this album, but it all sounds the same to me.",0,1,"Nov 23, 2009"
5,"I like Kris Allen but he just swimming in bland music on this album. Acoustic Heartless would have been better than the poppy version on this album.",0,1,"Nov 29, 2009"
8,"Good, solid pop rock CD...not perfect, but it had to be made in 6 months. He sounds great (no one can listen to this and say Kris can't sing) and many of the tracks are now on my playlist. The critics are being way too harsh! His songwriting shows a lot of potential. Give the guy a break!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
7,"Overall this is a pretty grest album. It has some filler, of course, but the stronger tracks really impress. Also, I'd like to point out that E Weekly gave it a B- That's an 80 not a 67. Can someone change that? THis album contais a few surprises like the handclap acoustic jam 'Alright with Me' the raptastic 'Live like we're dying' and the fun 'Written All Over my face' Overall score: 77.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2009"
1,"It's not artistry when he sounds like Mraz and all his sound-alikes. He may be nice, but he doesn't have an interesting or artistic bone in his body. He's going to have to man up to make it in this business.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
1,"Horrible album.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"When I first heard the snippets I wasn't so sure how much I was going to like the album. After listening to the whole album, I have to tell you just how impressed I am with this record. Provided the time constraints, it can be hard to come up with a solid debut album in time for the holiday release date. Nevertheless, Kris manages to do just that and more. Having 9 of the tracks co-written by Kris himself, this album is a great depiction of who Kris is as an artist and the types of themes he chooses to express though his music. Here are some impressions of my favorite songs: 1. Live Like We're Dying - The first single off the album and a really cool and unique track that gets stuck in your head. I consider this to be a great choice as a first single as it is a fun song to attempt to sing along too (it can be difficult at times since it's a wordy song, haha). 2. Can't Stay Away - I love the funky feel to this song. The energy pumping throughout the track really gives it something special. Check this out for sure. 3. Before We Come Undone - Probably my favorite track on the album! I really think this should be the second single. It feels like the most radio ready song to me. 4. Bring It Back - A complete contrast to the three aforementioned tracks, this slow ballad proves how efficient Kris's voice can be in evoking emotion in the listener. Kris's ability to connect so profoundly to the lyrics makes this track particularly poignant. 5. Alright With Me - A really unique, upbeat track co-written by Joe King of the Fray. It's just a fun, lighthearted song that would be perfect to cheer you up if you're ever feeling the blues. -Other favorites of mine on the album include Let It Rain, Red Guitar, and Written All Over My Face. -Two other ballads on the album, The Truth and I Need To Know, also show off Kris's sensitive side and suit the flow of the album quite well. -My least favorite songs are Is It Over and Lifetime. Nevertheless, I still consider them solid tracks that don't detract from the overall quality of the record. Last but not least, there's the final track Heartless. Kris became well-known for his acoustic take on the Kanye West hit on Idol, but the version of Heartless on the album is quite different. With a cool, urban vibe instilled in the track thanks to hip hop producer Salaam Remi, Heartless sounds completely retooled from how we last heard it. Nevertheless, the fact that song throws you off guard while also revealing a new side to Kris is what I find most appealing about this track. Not the Heartless I grew to love, but I like it all the same. All in all, if you're looking for a great pop rock record, then Kris is your guy. With a bit of practically everything, ranging from slow, heart-wrenching ballads to rocking, upbeat tracks, you're sure to find something you'll like on this album. Highly recommended!",0,0,"Nov 20, 2009"
10,"A diverse, flavourful, and original collection of songs. I would expect nothing less from the most interesting artist to ever come out of American Idol.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
0,"On the show, Kris was good. What happened? I wish it was a better album.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"I like this album , I even love the bounce track",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
1,"Disappointing, depressing, boring album -- total downer.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
10,"I loved this album. Don't know why the reviews are so low. :/ Please post some other reviews since these are only the negative ones but I know for sure there are numerous positive reviews out there.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2009"
4,"Not as heartfelt as his initial debut, 'Brand New Shoes', this self titled commercial debut still boasts some of a heart that Allen so strongly posses. The Script reject 'Live Like We're Dying' works as the album opener, but doesn't work as the vessel to cater as a preview of the alternative rejects that litter the album. The album has cringe-worthy moments as a light tryhard tread in adult top 40 with the Train lead written, 'The Truth' and 'Before We Come Undone'. Other tracks such as 'Let It Rain' and 'Can't Stay Away' drag into a mindless drivel of noise, perhaps due to the low budget production.The album shines best with pop fodder, 'Alright With Me', and the acoustic-like ballad, 'I Need To Know'. The lone confession of love, 'Red Guitar', self penned by Allen himself, is the only other highlight, in an album where Allen struggles to find his own identity.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2013"
0,"Terrible generic voice, got one song and hated it, worst dollar spent in my life.",15,17,"Dec  1, 2009"
0,"What a piece of trash. Justin Bieber sucks and he always will. The song Baby is the worst song ever. This is the album that started his poopy music. Avoid this at all costs!!!!!!!!!!!",5,5,"Feb 19, 2015"
0,"flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop",3,3,"Aug 21, 2012"
0,"Absolutely horrible, meaningless and basic autotuned **** that only music uneducated teenagers would like.",3,3,"Jan 13, 2013"
5,"I won't say its the best, but I won't say its the worst. Think about it. From 'Baby' to this song? Not that bad. The worst thing people hated about him was his voice. It was just too high, and just not good to listen to. It sounded like a girl, moms everywhere who were listening to KIIS asked their kids, 'Is that a girl?' Do I need to say more? However, he hit puberty, and his voice certainly got lower. It's a semi-catchy song, but the word choice in the lyrics.. aren't the best.",1,1,"May 13, 2012"
0,"This album is excellent! If, of course. you're looking for something to ward off would  be rapists from entering your home. But then again; they much just kill you for listening to such garbage and then track down the person responsible for bastardizing the music industry.",1,1,"Jan 10, 2013"
0,"You have to be a total musical invalid to think that this below average teen vocal deserves more than 1/10! Very overrated, Justin Bieber is the worst thing to happen to the music industry.",1,1,"Mar 19, 2013"
0,"Songs with cheap poppy sound and simplistic, dull and typical vocals, that's what My World is. And does Bieber ever get better at music? No thank you very much.",1,1,"Apr 17, 2014"
0,"shut up shut up SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UPI SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2015"
0,"This is simply overproduced, generic blabber that is surely only enjoyable to preteen girls. Don't waste your money, or even your time by giving it a listen.",4,5,"Dec  7, 2009"
1,"Terrible album. Just don't buy it. The only people who will ever like his 'music' are preteen girls who don't know any better. His high-pitched voice, dependance on auto-tune, and complete unoriginality all completely make me spit in utter disgust at why did he even get a record deal, the only plausible reason is his looks.",4,5,"Aug 14, 2010"
0,"I really do not get what the big is about this kid is. hes really not that great of a singer, sure hes decent but people are acting like hes the messiah of music which hes not. and plus he freaking 15 so (since he obviously hasnt yet) when he starts puberty in a year or so. his voice wont be the same and he most likely wont be able to sing as well anymore (this kid aint no michael) and the lyrics are absolutely retarded. just avoid this cd and the kid.",7,9,"Dec 10, 2009"
0,"This kid is a disgrace to music as we all know it. Not music like off of Disney or Nickelodeon like as it is now those networks have gone to poop, but PROFESSIONALLY.  I don't like people who have to have backup dancers when on tour, or use autotune when on studio. However this kid was responsible for the inappropriate spawnings of Rebecca Black, and Jenna Rose, and I can discredit him for that.",3,4,"Aug 12, 2011"
0,"What a piece of crap! Justin Bieber and his music sucks. And JB is also one of those singers I beat up in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U AND Nintendo 3DS. Avoid this trash of dog poop at all costs!!!!! Buy Mario Party 9 and 10, or Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D instead of this pile of dog poop mixed with diarrhea. He even got detained and arrested by the cops! xD lol",3,4,"Mar 25, 2015"
3,"His voice and album sound like something that belonged on the highschool musical soundtrack.I bought this album as Usher produces it and was greatly dissapointed on how childish this album really is.Perfect for 12 -14 year olds.",8,11,"Jan 12, 2010"
0,"Horrendous!  Absolute S***.  This album sucks.   Does Justin really thinks he's a good singer.  He lypsyncs ALL THE TIME and all the songs are the same about relationships...you know mix it up....I did like 'One Time' but other than that SUCKSSSS",5,7,"Sep 17, 2010"
1,"Not too good at all, if he wants a real career he should stop using autotune and break away from Disney. Its obvious that they made this album, if he can make a good record by himself there is hope.",4,6,"Dec  6, 2009"
0,"One of the worst album ever. He can't sing, more like screeching. Music sounds stupid and hate his voice. Songs are idiotic and not even poor, it is less than that. To the people who reviewed this positively, get some help. Not recommended for a one listen at all. Stupid album.",4,6,"Dec 15, 2010"
2,"This kid is a whiny stupid b*tch that sounds like a kindergardner. I would rather burn my money then buy this album. Don't worry in a year or two from now everyone will hate him.",4,6,"Aug 14, 2011"
0,"MY **** EARS, JUSTIN BIEBER DESTROYS EVERYTHING WE KNOW AND LOVE ABOUT POP MUSIC DUE TO HIS **** LITTLE GIRL FANBASE AND HIS TERRIBLE SINGING. My god make it STOPPP!!!",2,3,"Nov 22, 2011"
0,"His voice is terrible, and so is the rest of his awful music.",2,3,"Apr 19, 2012"
0,"Really, really bad. This is not even music. This album is basically ear rape. It sounds awful, and evokes feeling of anger. He is not a musician, he is a criminal. Stay away from the album, so that no money is made, and no more albums are made.",5,8,"Jun 17, 2011"
0,"Tedious and overrated. Justin Bieber needs to hit puberty because his voice sounds like an eight-year-old boy or a girl. His songs are about love, and yet it gets very repetitive. Do not buy!",3,5,"Jan  7, 2010"
0,"I wouldn't hate him so much if he didnt become so popular. i would just dislike him, but i hate him because everywhere I go some **** is screaming about Justin Beiber. He's a kid making music and having a good time, and he has fans, i wouldnt mind it if his name overshadows hard working developing musicians that are 100000000000x better than him",3,5,"Oct  2, 2010"
0,"No talent, I'm trying to like, I really am. But his voice just sounds bad, really bad.All tracks: pathetic, absolutely pathetic.If anyone gives this album higher than a 4, you are younger than 14 and shouldn't have a account on a website that is supposed too give people perspective.  Come on whats with music these days?",3,5,"Oct 27, 2011"
0,"Terrible voice, terrible songs and a terrible album.    The average user score says it all.................",3,5,"May 24, 2012"
5,"Well, it's not that bad. 'My World' is a solid mediocre album with some high girly pitch singing from Justin Bieber, but I managed it. Guess the low score's from the haters and trolls.",4,7,"Nov 11, 2011"
0,"if you listen to music for simple brainless entertainment, you may like this. i like music with substance. justin bieber sings about love yet he is 14 and probably never been in love. he is completely fake. he can sing, yes, but that will probably end by the time he reaches puberty. completely mindless crap.",2,4,"Mar  3, 2011"
0,"Justin bieber is just another one of many unimportant teen-pop fads. And in a few years, all his die-hard fangirls will cling to next big sensation (or hopefully, they'll find out what REAL music is) Let's face it... he has no staying power. The lyrics are a joke, and are even more blandly ridiculous and immature than you would expect to hear from a crappy 16 year old teen pop singer... the background music has little to no variation. His voice is generic, and indistinguishable from many pop 'artists' (and he sounds like a girl) Plus, the songs are sticky-sweet enough to make you want to vomit after a few listens. Although the thing most nauseating about this whole fad is that there are countless musicians out there that would die for this kind of exposure, that have the artistic credibility and legitimacy that Justin Bieber has none of",2,4,"Mar  5, 2011"
0,"Another way to do money. I don't know what to say... well... it's an insult to music. This is not music, is only commercial thing to do money. I don't get why people like him... ew.",2,4,"Oct 27, 2011"
0,"I will not write a very extensive review, how I would like to do, because I have written a very expensive one at My World 2.0 and there is no necessity to say something more about Justin Bieber's music. It's crap, only that. Awful pop made only for make money and create mass idols to sell a deplorable image and example to pre adolescents. The music in this CD is disgusting, really bad. And the fact that, like always, critics gave it a good review, is extremely sad. Listen to Dark Side Of The Moon of Pink Floyd to see how to compose really good, then listen to Road To Ruin of Ramones to listen easy composed music that perfectly works, and then listen to it. You will notice how horrendous it is.",1,2,"Nov  8, 2011"
2,"A bad CD, is terrible, but with some good songs, the voice of Justin Bieber is some bad, is like the voice of a girl, I repeat, have good songs, no much, but the voice and the rest of the songs are terrible.",1,2,"Mar  8, 2012"
0,"this CD is crap mo stank... its like listening to alvin and the chipmunks.... who would waste there money on this beaver lookin kid. if you like kids bop then buy this cd. thank for your time",1,2,"Mar 12, 2012"
2,"I don't hate him, but this album is really bad, is the kind of album making for girls that think to love him. His voice is orrible, the songs are orrible.....(sorry for my English)",1,2,"Mar 25, 2012"
0,"is amazing to know that now the music is just being a pretty face and has no rhythm has nothing and this is the purchase with my chemical romance, fall out boy, greenday, linkin park, evanecences, paramore, panic at the disk, and more. .tell me to kill him who does",1,2,"Mar 29, 2012"
0,"Is Justin Bieber really a singer? I do not see any music in this album. I think the only great thing he has done is trending in Twitter. Oh, I made a mistake. He is not responsible for that, his fans.",1,2,"Apr 10, 2012"
4,"Not horrible, but certainly not great either. First, the good: Bieber and his handlers obviously knows who he's catering to. They don't try to reach adults with 'mature' constructions, so this debut doesn't seem pretentious at all. In addition, Bieber has a certain boyish charm that makes even the sappier songs endearing. Now the bad: everyone else was here first. There is absolutely nothing original about this album. Also, for a supposed 'star', Bieber makes surprisingly few contributions to the album, making it feel more than a bit artificial (although the constant presence of Auto-Tune adds to that). The lyrical quality is fairly low ('I was a playa when I was little, but now I'm bigger' A 'playa' of what, Pokemon?), even going so far as to highway-rob the chorus from The Cardigans' 'Lovefool' for 'Love Me' (much in the style of the god-awful 'Whatcha Say', an exercise in how to steal from Imogen Heap's music in all the wrong ways). The production is mostly recycled, but occasionally interesting (mostly on uptempo tracks). All in all, an underwhelming but not totally awful debut resembling the quality of early Rihanna: will you want to drive back up to the store in a rage and demand a refund at the top of your lungs? Probably not. Will you remember it a year from now? Again, no, but it may manage to make multiple cycles on the iPods of squealing teenage girls. We can only hope for the best: Bieber has nowhere to go but up.",5,11,"Dec  4, 2009"
0,"Crappy vocoded pop.",2,5,"Jan 15, 2010"
3,"First of all, most reviews posted here are biased and criticize him as a person or his incredibly annoying and immature fans. That said, the album is nothing more than average and all tracks are very similar with each other, with Bieber sounding like an 8-year-old boy.",1,3,"May 30, 2011"
7,"I like all the songs, especially 'Down to Earth' - which is very personal to him - and the album's very catchy and all the tracks work together. But seriously, the left six tracks are about girls he never had. He should get a little more personal.",4,14,"Sep 10, 2011"
7,"The bad thing about Justin Bieber user scores is that they're either from people who are biased or haters. I was not a Bieber-Fever diagnosed girl, but I was definitely not a hater either. Somewhere in between, closer to the former after listening to 'My World 2.0', which I thought was impressive. A cute album, with a few strong points, such as 'One Time', & 'Down To Earth'. 'One Less Lonely Girl' was another good song. On the next Justin Bieber release, I hope it is full of people who are not either biased or haters.",1,4,"Dec 27, 2010"
10,"Love the album and love him!",2,10,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"People need to research before the review. Justin Bieber isn't Disney. That's the think that's so different about him, he was self made and didn't need Disney to over-promote him. A great album and can't wait until what's instore for the future.",4,21,"Dec  8, 2009"
4,"Justin Bieber is a great singer, most of these songs on the album are great. The reason I have rated this album as 4, is because Justin Bieber has not been able to connect with most of the listeners. And that is why the album is weak. I wish him the best.",1,6,"Nov 16, 2010"
10,"A great album. Kids love it, girls blush over it and adults can dance away until their heart is consent. Down to earth is a song he wrote about his parents splitting up which is very emotional especially when sung in concert.",1,7,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"YOU WILL BE ALL 'Baby baby baby oh!' The voice of our generation is here better than all the reap made in the 2000's this kid blows every ting out of the water YEAH! BOY YEAH!",1,8,"Mar 16, 2011"
8,"I can only rate the song 'Baby' because that's the only song I've listened to. It wasn't as bad as everyone says it is. It has a good first verse, a chorus that everyone will remember, the other guy 'Ludacris' wasn't a retarded rapper wannabe, and it told a solid story that yes, is practically the same in all his songs, but it was still rather good nonetheless. 8/10.",1,9,"Sep  2, 2010"
10,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,2,"May  4, 2015"
0,"ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao",0,1,"Jun  8, 2015"
0,"Like his other older works, this album is painful, overproduced and dull and solely for fans of his music and not for the people who despise his music.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2016"
2,"An embarrassing debut with poor vocals, sappy lyrics and a cheap and dull production. My World is only for fans of his music and no one else. Perhaps maybe younger girls make like it as well.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2015"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
2,"Wow so annoying. The main concern is the song 'Baby'. It has nothing to do with babies, like a lot of songs with one word as the title, it's repetitive, like Your Favorite Martian, Rebecca Black, and One *POOP*rection. This is like listening to country music with obnoxious lyrics. I'm just tired of reviewing it, not because I'm lazy, but because it's so doggone bad.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
0,"Flat voice , annoying sound, we can consider that the only thing helpful in this album is some compositions , boring teen pop , childish, and immature , expected more from you Bieber , nothing new about the sun , always the bubblegum pop to fasten the little girls teenagers, we still have a Purpose , and a Believe to save the right discography",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
0,"Simply put this album is not worth spending your hard earned money on. This is unsurprisingly the first of many many many bad albums something that I believe will continue.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
2,"No estou aqui como um hater,passo longe disso. Mas esse EP  muito genrico e comercial .Nada impressiona. Vocais fracas (mas dou um desconto ,pela mudana de voz na idade que ele tinha) . So 7 faixas ,extremamente tediosas , 'Down to Earth' talvez seja a unica que se salva.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2016"
1,"Baby, baby, come on a Baby, this album is **** as all Bieber Albums, but his songs are funny (special Baby, Baby) . Best song in this album is First Dance, but this song is **** too . This album for crazy women, girld of gays . **** **** and many **** .",0,0,"Aug  2, 2016"
9,"Best live CD from McCartney since Wings over America. Very well produced, performed and packaged...Best solo McCartney CD/DVD combo at a great price... The Best Buy Deluxe is absolutely worth the extra few dollars ($21). Load, enjoy and Rock On.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
8,"The only problem is that the set-list is so predictable. The concert really shines when McCartney launches into Sing the Changes, Mrs. Vanderbilt, and Calico Skies. Obviously the Beatles and Wings hits are great (with the exception of 'My Love,' which doesn't quite work here), but I've seen them in McCartney's previous concert dvds numerous times. It'd be nice to further embrace the incredible work he's done over the past 10+ years.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
9,"Pros: This is probably his best live CD release since 'Wings Over America' (with the possible exception of 'Unplugged'- &) & that's impressive as all his live albums have been quite good to excellent. It's also his best live DVD since 'Rockshow' (with the possible exception of 'Red Square') & since most of his live DVD's have been train wrecks of bad directing sabotaging great performances (WAY too many audience shots, & interviews actually interrupting performances, & hyper fast cuts) this is a welcome & needed addition to his catalog. He hasn't released a full length live album since 2002, and to be fair we just don't know how or when time will catch up to him & shows like this (high quality & long performances) will exist only in memory. So maybe it's a sort of last live release hurrah for him, and if so, he's going out on a real high note. This tour was amazing. I saw it in Boston & was blown away, as he always puts on great shows & that is captured really well here. Also there are, roughly, ten to a dozen songs here that haven't appeared as ive CD versions before- which amounts to about a single album's worth, or 1/3 of what's here. Cons: Yet another live McCartney album featuring so many songs that there are already countless live versions of (roughly 2/3 or more, of the album had already seen live versions released before). It ends up as more of the ultimate tour souvenir than anything else. Instead of doing this he could have released an Anthology or Bootleg Series type of release (like The Grateful Dead, Bob Dylan & Neil Young all have done- as well as The Beatles) & done either separate studio & live releases (which I'd prefer) or combine live & studio tracks even, whatever, just something that touches the absolutely huge amount of unreleased material that he has. There are so many versions of great live performances of songs that have never appeared on any of his live albums, & instead with get the umpteenth live versions of 'Let It Be', 'Live & Let Die, etc., etc. (how many does one really need of these?)- great songs though they are, how about live versions of 'Two Of Us', 'You Won't See Me', 'Getting Closer', 'Mull Of Kintyre' or 'I'll Get You' instead? He could have included the newer material done live here, or even the first time versions of a few older tracks that he chose to do. Final Verdict: Still worth it, in spades, but more for heavy duty fans, those they don't already have any live McCartney or folks who saw the tour, or these shows in particular...but...he could releasing so much more ambitious & valuable material, and let's hope he does at some point soon.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"Brilliant record.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
6,"Only one complete dud on the album (the opening track), though nothing that follows is particularly memorable. Still a step up from the final New Order album.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
8,"I had a chance to listen to this cd and it is very good. If you like great guitar playing, synths and great melodies you will love this. There is not one bad song on this album, from start to finish this cd rocks, with great New Order style moments in it. Bernard Sumner is a musical genius who has worked with New Order, Electronic and Joy division. If you like this cd Please give New order and Electronic a listen and you will love it, also listen to the first Album By a band called MONACO called Music for Pleasure which is also very good (New Order side project). It is very sad that New Order broke up, let's hope they patch up their differences and make another album. Give the Bad Lieutenant a chance and you will love it.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"It's hard to judge, but this is probably Switchfoot's best album. There isn't a bad song on the album; from the rocking 'Mess of Me' to the beautiful melody of 'Your Love is a Song' each one is filled with inspired creativity.The title track of the album, 'Hello Hurricane' is my personal favourite of the album. It's crying out that with all the disasters, hurt and pain surrounding us, that we can face it, and that it cannot silence our love! When we're battered by the storms of this world, sometimes we need to hold on to truths like that!The band said when they were putting together the album, if the song didn't make you cry, what's it doing on there? And this is evident in the album, the band have poured their heart and soul into this album and ended up with something fantastic!God Bless!",0,1,"Nov  5, 2010"
8,"Hello Hurricane is Switchfoot loosening their ties and pulling in a little bit of that old school west coast grunge.  Hurricane every bit as catchy as it is edgy.  It carries a bit of the rock edge of Nothing Is Sound but doesn't open up to the pop tendencies of Switchfoot's past quite as much.  Switchfoot are some of the most consistent and true artists of the alternative rock scene.  Their humble beginnings and will-not-compromise approach to their core sound is what eventually made them a breakout success with The Beautiful Letdown.  So consider Hello Hurricane Switchfoot growing up a little more and experimenting just a bit more than they would have six years ago.  The results are quite rewarding.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2014"
9,"Switchfoot always comes up with somehting amazing to here. Something that you would want to here over and over. The band've created rock music with all their souls and heart and one listen is like a therapy session. This album is really saying Hello to the Hurricane that is our life. With all the ups and downs. And at the end of the album, the listener can agree that, hey, life's quite good after all! Let's give it another try. Or listen.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2010"
6,"First off, I'm a huge fan of Switchfoot. I've been listening to them and following them for years. I was especially excited for Hello Hurricane, because it was Switchfoot's first album on their own label. It was something of a let down, really. It's a good album, but all around lack-luster.  Particularly 'Your Love is a Song' was a disappointment. It's simple a rehashing of an earlier Switchfoot song, 'Only Hope,' but less inspired, musically and lyrically. The harder tracks ('Mess of Me, 'The Sound') were well developed tunes, and I could rock along with them. Really though, they lacked musical originality, and they don't match the lyrical depth of any songs on other Switchfoot Albums. Musically the bright spots were 'Free,' and 'Bullet Soul.' Lyrically, Jon Foreman showed he will always have 'it' with 'Hello Hurricane' and 'Red Eyes.'Overall a good album, but sub-par by Switchfoot Standards. Here's to the upcoming Vice Verses.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2011"
10,"Easily one of their best albums! They put as much effort into every song equally, unlike most modern albums when they focus on 2 or 3 songs in particular, its all good!",0,0,"Sep  7, 2011"
5,"Switchfoot has yet to prove themselves as an important band, and 'Hello Hurricane' is certainly a weak album, but their aspirations to be an important are always apparent and the choruses of their better songs on 'Hurricane' make you root for them, if only for a while.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2012"
9,"This is still, and might always be my favourite Switchfoot album.  The album starts off with a triumphant 'Needle in a Haystack Life', and the album just keeps on going from there.
'Mess of Me' keeps the mood rocking and up high, which transitions into a softer, but still upbeat 'Your Love is a Song' with a strong message I still love. It then goes up to full tempo with the next song 'The Sound'. This grunge feel song is one I absolutely love, and is defiantly the loudest and guitar controlled song on the album. It then mellows down into 'Enough to Let Me Go', a song with wonderful guitar parts, and even the light snare hits on the drums in the verses really add to the song as a whole. The next song is possibly my favourite on the album, 'Free'. And upbeat but almost dark song, has a strong message, and is incredibly catchy. The instruments work very well together on this song, and I just love the overall song for what is is. It then transitions into, what I would say could surprisingly be the weakest song on the album, 'Hello Hurricane'. Although the message and lyrics are conveying, the feel for the song in general has just never completely worked for me. But maybe that's just me.  Then we go into 'Always', which starts off with wonderful vocals and piano, and later on, the band comes in at the perfect time to give the song the perfect punch.  The album then goes up in tempo one last time, for the rocking 'Bullet Soul'. With an almost Led Zeppelin feel to it, this song has it all. A sweet bass line, strong guitars, huge drums, and raging vocals.  We then go down in tempo once again for the song 'Yet', which although the tune and lyrics itself are quite cliche, the song by itself is still great. You could listen to it over and over, and never get tired of it.  It then moves into one of my favourites on the album 'Sing it Out'. Starting off with a more dark feel, and then slowly building to the end of the song, it's a favourite of mine. And it sets the mod for the final song, 'Red Eyes', which I think is a perfect song to end. The final minute of the song has the echoing lyrics 'We are once in a lifetime..' which were also sung in the first song on the album. Cool idea!
To conclude, this album is a statement. A wonderful pieced album, and I don't think one song on this album was out of place. Keep making music Switchfoot, love ya!
Stand-out Tracks: Needle And Haystack Life, Free, Bullet Soul, Sing It Out",0,0,"Jan 18, 2014"
7,"Snow Patrol is an indie band which tries (and wants) to sell millions and rule the stadium audience, but also to stay strong and independent to carry out their own creative works and ideas, sometimes obscure, sometimes intimate and brilliant.
I tend to believe that the latter is the very reason why we got the compilation",0,0,"Dec 25, 2011"
9,"I dont get the reviews for this one. For me this is maybe my favorite Morrissey solo album, especially in terms of the other intstruments then Morrisseys voice, but also the singing and lyrics is to me very special on this. Put on 'If you dont like me...', 'Shame is the name', 'I knew I was next' and you will hear what I'm talking about.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2013"
7,"Swords is not perfect. As a B-side compilation album there are inevitably going to be some misfires, and indeed there are (Sweetie Pie springs to mind immediately). But there is also plenty of wonderful material on offer here and, for whatever reason, I still find this compilation more engaging than Morrissey's studio albums of the same era (namely Ringleader of the Tormentors, Years of Refusal and, to a lesser extent, You are the Quarry). Swords ain't no Bona Drag but it's still a great addition to Morrissey's catalog.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
7,"This isn't the strongest Morrissey album of its type - how could it be, with a masterpiece like Bona Drag banging around - but it is artfully put together, and most of the songs are good enough to merit the effort involved. A few are actually amazing.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2014"
0,"Terrible renditions of great songs. Never, ever, EVER should a guy like Matt Morrison be singing 'Gold Digger'. I just really hate the show and the music.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2010"
5,"Even though I am a Gleek, I have to admit that the cover versions on this album are simply hit-and-miss. Most of the songs are too karaoke-esque. The show's signature song, Journey's 'Don't Stop Believing', is the only true highlight of this album. I also enjoyed the cover of Wicked's 'Defying Gravity' and like how the show is trying to bring show tunes to a wider audience.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2011"
10,"A musical mash-up that will have you singing along in the car and singing along! Amazing show and the CD has not slipped! Astounding, but there is a bit of juice missing, Glee looks fit to bring us more and we are sure that they will in the very near future!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2011"
10,"What? I love Glee, and this soundtrack is really fantastic. The covers are really great, the voice of Lea Michelle is uff wow, incredible, is a great album.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2012"
1,"This record exhibits none of the genius seen on their previous two outputs. Max's looking glass is getting more predictable, less musical, and empty hearted. I wish he'd go back to playing the guitar and stop worrying about his voice sounding good. His voice sucks, but that never stopped them from making great records before.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
9,"Insanely catchy music with witty and clever lyrics proving just why Say Anything is the best pop punk band today.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
9,"This is quite a brilliant offering from Say Anything. I like the variation in the tracks very much and the great lyrics also. One of the top cd's this year, in my opinion.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2009"
9,"Excellent followup to In Defense. I am a real boy still trumps it, but it is an excellent listen again and again.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2009"
10,"You'll be singing the catchy hooks from this album for weeks on end.. It's pop and rocks hooks that make you scream the songs lyrics in the car on your way to work. It's similar to the hooks off of early Weezer records. You will dig this album.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
7,"I like a lot of songs on this album, but there are a few sporadically placed tracks that I don't necessarily enjoy. I wish the damn Metacritic site had formatting, so I could actually list the songs that I like and what I like about em, but I'll just go do that on Amazon. Either way, an okay album. I like the previous two more, however.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2012"
6,"A few great tracks, a few duds, a few in between. A very 'meh' album in its purest form. For what it's worth, even the duds on this album are catchy as hell, though I'm not sure that's what the band was going for.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
10,"I think this CD has some gems: Feeling the Pull, High Horses, Paper Cup, Two Tongues, Love that Conquers. Brilliant song writing and singing.",1,1,"Oct 28, 2009"
9,"Far more reaching in scope than the band's debut or soundtrack. A break-up album that sounds more alive than the 'falling in love' ones prior. Look forward to Glen and Mar keeping this thing going.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
8,"Having initially brought out the eponymous 'The Swell Season', the Frames frontman's side project really took off with their Oscar win for Falling Slowly used in the film Once. Strict Joy is a strange follow up to their debut and the Once soundtrack. It's got much more of a full band sound which they never had before. It kind of gets stuck half way between a Frames record and a Swell Season record which takes from the album. Some of the songs are even old Frames songs first seeing the light of day here. Because it takes tracks from all over the place and has songs written across a period of many years, it has an inconsistent feel for me. It's got some great stuff on it but most of that is when Glen Hansard takes centre stage and drowns out Marketa. Where she made their previous work stand out, she adds very little to the best tracks on this record and the songs where she is prominent are the poorer ones on the album. Glen is bringing out a solo album this year - perhaps he should have held some of this material back for that or for a final Frames record but as it is this record falls between 2 stools for me.",0,0,"May 24, 2012"
7,"Ok, and worth treasuring since they have gone their separate ways. But go find the first Swell Season album, the one they recorded between filming 'Once' and its release when they were still unknown to all but Frames fans.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2011"
10,"A Decent album with covers of Rod Stewart........... with the best be What Becomes of the Broken Hearted.................................................. What the Critics have against Rod..",0,0,"Nov 12, 2015"
10,"3 Words is Cheryl's debut album, which is amazing. This album shows us her exploring R&B, pop, electro, with particular stand outs being the title track, Parachute, Fight For This Love,Stand Up and Boys (the last one on the deluxe edition)",1,1,"Dec 21, 2012"
9,"At points it sounds almost effortless. As far as pop albums go, this is by far one of the best from the 2000s. This is Cheryl's second best album - her best being her new record 'A Million Lights'. If you are a fan of Girls Aloud then you'll almost certainly enjoy Cheryl's solo material.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2012"
10,"3 words Favorite songs: 3 words, parachute, happy hour, boy like you and fight for this loveaverage songs: make me cry, stand up, dont talk about this love, heart breakerhorrible songs: rain on me, heaven",0,0,"May 20, 2012"
8,"She might not have the best voice in the female vocalist category today, but the albums is definitely an interesting take on modern pop/R&B sound. 'Fight for This Love' is a tremendous single and has great beats accompanying the lyrics. The weakest track would be 'Boy Like You (featuring will.i.am)'.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
10,"Every track on this album is great. It's definitely a great buy and I think Florence + The Machine will be around for a while. Go buy this album now!!",11,11,"Aug 14, 2010"
10,"I've been listening to the songs on this CD since I bought it England this summer and it continues to sound better and better. Florence has a strong and agile voice which she uses to great effect in a variety of genres.",5,5,"Oct 20, 2009"
10,"Amazing album. Blending a mix of nu folk and nordic pop, Florence delievers an amazing album. The plentiful use of harps and bangles helps create a luxurious melody that one can listen to repeatedly without it growing tired. Florence also dares to use multiple styles to further demonstrate the scale and creativity of her voice. Very impressive album.",3,3,"Mar 20, 2012"
8,"Florence shrieks , howls and yelps better than anyone in the game. Lungs is great ; its like cake. Totally amazing but if you eat cake every day it becomes less of a treat.",2,2,"May 24, 2011"
10,"I can't begin to describe how brilliant this album is. It's completely original and different while remaining totally listenable. It's booming drums and plucking harps and jangling tambourines paired with Florence's pitch-perfect, dominant voice work together in perfect harmony. This album is a work of pure genius that catapults Florence up there with the likes of Lady GaGa. Perfection.",2,2,"Jan  2, 2011"
9,"This album is truly an amazing and impressive debut. I bought 'Ceremonials', their sophomore album, before this one and I thought 'Ceremonials' was great. But when I bought 'Lungs', it easily became one of my favorite albums of all time. 'Lungs' shows of some incredible indie pop, baroque production, but the best thing are definitely Florence Welch's strong, powerful pipes. Her voice is absolutely stunning. She expresses a maybe soprano vocal range that can make you feel sad and uplifted at the same time. But, there are some weird and maybe unnecessary tracks in this album. The dark and spooky My Boy Build Coffins kinda sucks. Between Two Lungs is one of the weaker tracks by Florence + The Machine. The boring I'm Not Calling You A Liar is unnecessary. But that's the only bad stuff. The good tracks are the reggae-influenced Hurricane Drunk, the fast almost danceable Drumming Song, the vocal masterpiece of Dog Days Are Over, the lyrically powerful track Cosmic Love, and the punk infused Kiss With A Fist. This album is one of my favorite albums that I own. If you are into or want to listen to an indie pop, vocally powerful album, get this one.",2,2,"Jun 29, 2012"
9,"Florence knows how to be powerful and not get too Aretha, exagerating a beat. With strange lyrics, a lot of harps and cytaras, and a sweet and at the same time tough vocal, she gives us the indiest album I have ever listen. And her live performances are the best thing, with great presence and terrific voice. 'Dog Days Are Over', 'Between Two Lungs', 'Bird Song' and 'Cosmic Love' are one of this greatest on this great CD.",2,2,"Oct  2, 2011"
10,"This is my favourite album. That just about sums it up. It's like a collage of genres expertly put together to create something greater than any one of them alone",2,2,"Oct 28, 2011"
10,"ALBUM PERFEITO!!! Uma artista como florence deveria merecer todos os prmios possveis por essa obra de arte, pois  novo, nico, espetacular e principalmente maravilhoso em seu conceito.
Melhores faixas: Dog Days Are Over e Rabbit Heart (Raise Up)",2,2,"Nov 27, 2013"
8,"Lungs is Florence + the Machine's almost perfect debut studio album, where the music is far more lusciously composed and pieced together. Yes, many people shall find Florence's vocals rather challenging, but others will be able to get past that and see the potentiality and brilliance. Lungs is a minor classic to me.",2,2,"Feb  9, 2014"
10,"This album is so **** amazing, and it's my leat favourite album by Florence + The Machine (A.K.A. Flo), so you can imagine how amazing it is.
Hell yeah, pretty much amazing.",2,2,"Sep 11, 2015"
8,"Pretty decent album. Her calling card Kiss With A Fist is enjoyable if you can get past the fact that it basically rips off The White Stripes' We Are Going To Be Friends. Vicious stomper Girl With One Eye is just embarrassing, with truly dire lyrics capped off with savage production. And Howl just sounds like filler. Anyway, that's the bad stuff out of the way. The rest of the album is brilliant. Cosmic Love has to be one of the most powerful tracks of the year, along with epic single Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up). Opener Dog Days Are Over manages to be sad and uplifting at the same time, with a briliant melody. Other highlights include the dark My Boy Builds Coffins, the propulsive Drumming Song and the Kate-Bush-esque Blinding. De",1,1,"Oct 20, 2009"
10,"Lungs is an amazing album, all the way through. Dog Days Are Over is one of my favorite songs of all time, and Cosmic Love and Rabbit Heart (Raise it Up) are also standout tracks. There is not a song on the album that isn't good, and each one has something unique that pulls you in. Drumming song is instantly catchy and sticks in your head. Girl With One Eye took a while to get used to, but after multiple listens it is just as good as everything else on the CD. None of the songs get old, and i have played this CD more than anything I have ever owned. Definetely one of my favorite albums of all time.",1,1,"Jan 23, 2011"
9,"This is a very heartfelt album. Florence Welch is brutally honest as she sings of violence and coffins and setting beds on fire. Her voice is so beautiful. The opener 'Dog Days Are Over' is a fantastic track. Really opens up the album. Every track sounds great. I must also say the drumming in this album is fantastic. 'Drumming Song' really shows it. All In All, Lungs is a powerful, heartfelt, honest album that's easily one of the best of 2010 as far as indie rock goes. A-",1,1,"Mar 17, 2011"
8,"Florence + The Machine will be a great indie rock band and Lungs is the proof. Even the tracks are about violence, i like it because Lungs can canalize all that blood and guts without a Parental Advisory sticker.",1,1,"Nov 25, 2010"
8,"If you love alternative music, this one is for you. A very decent album.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2011"
10,"One of my favorite albums. I love this album. Really nice songs. Outstanding song writing. Love the dark lyrics. Outstanding voice. Florence and the Machine is the artist is watch out for.  Her songs are so awesome. Looking forward for all florence music in the future",1,1,"Dec 11, 2010"
10,"The album is great. The problem is that with some of this 'fussed over' bands people grow huge expectations, and end up feeling disappointed, when in fact if they were listening to it for the first time they'd probably think it's great too. The sound and the lyrics are very good and original, not to mention her shrilling voice, which is bound to put her well above in the chart of best voices of pop music. It's the first time I at least have thought a harp sounds this good.",1,1,"Jun  7, 2011"
10,"Genre: Pop
One of the most confident debut albums you'll ever listen to there isn't a single bad song to be found on Florence and the Machine's 'Lungs'. As with most great albums there is a nice variety of songs from the frantic pace of 'The Dog Days are Over' to the haunting 'Girl With One Eye'.
Of course with Florence Welch it is all about the remarkable vocals and she never fails to deliver. A true talent.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2013"
8,"(TLDR: This album just needs a little more attention than most, but if you love it it will reward you.) This is a pretty solid album and if you haven't seen the videos, go do it now. (Esp. Drumming Song and Cosmic Love) Florence and the Machine takes a rarely seen approach to composition: in many of her songs, drums are the main interaction with the vocals. Yes, there are other instruments, but in most cases the basic skeleton doesn't require them. On top of which, Miss Welsh has a powerful voice, so it's really that the drums are the *only* instrument that could keep up with her. The album is also strong lyrically, especially with the delicate art of never overstating your point. If I absolutely had to nitpick this album I would say it had two downsides. The first is that the album is *high energy* the whole way through. There are some slow-ER songs, but nothing to give reprieve from the tiring pace.  Unfortunately, this means that if you listen to albums as a whole composition (as you should with any album), you may completely overlook some of the middle of the album songs (Ex. Howl, Between Two Lungs) The second small issue is that sometimes it is difficult to make out the words. However! There is a very simple solution to both of these problems: make as many mixtapes as you possibly can. Put the songs in different contexts, include a lyric book for your chosen loved one (or victim) and leave them to cry their feelings out while driving down the highway, courtesy of one very attractive British redhead and you.",1,1,"Jun 11, 2011"
10,"Cada faixa do lbum possui uma originalidade impressionante: as msicas no se copiam, apenas se completam. As letras so excelentes e a voz de Florence Welch consegue soar divina e pesada ao mesmo tempo. A harpa pode at ser um instrumento bem antigo mas, numa era de auto-tune e de supervalorizao msica comercial, se transforma na marca registrada de Florence e sua mquina de encantar.-Melhores msicas: Drumming Song / Dog Days Are Over / Blinding",1,1,"Aug 24, 2011"
9,"A very solid album. It has a good blend of upbeat, and slower tempo melodies. Florence's voice really shines in some of the songs, and there are some songs that just make you feel out-of-this-world. There are a few moments where things could've been handled better, but most of the songs are so good that it doesn't even matter.",1,1,"Dec 11, 2011"
8,"This was a breathe of fresh air (pardon the pun) when it came out.  Still sounds great, although I do feel it has some weak moments and don't understand the 10 out of 10's it gets.",1,1,"Dec 19, 2011"
10,"I only started listening to Florence And The Machine in March of this year, and I wish I had discovered them sooner! Florence has such a powerful voice and her music makes you feel emotion like you haven't felt with any other album before. Florence is one talented musician which no one can deny, with a very unique music style.",1,1,"Oct 24, 2011"
10,"Lungs is a work of art, very beautiful, a true musical reinvention.When I heard this masterpiece of Florence Welch and company, I was amazed at their sound fantastic and with the beautiful voice of the goddess redhead who takes the lead of the band.Each song is unique, you enter a world of fairy tale Gothic and Celtic florence only with his melancholy and euphoria could lead.It is a very remarkable album, Dog Days Are Over is something sublime, brand new, you will not find another song like this, believe me.It is a magical album, absolutely beautiful",1,1,"Dec 16, 2011"
10,"Sensational. Flo's voice is absolutely mesmeric. I'm not sure I've heard anything quite like it. Cosmic Love easily my track of the year, but it's a tight run race with Rabbit Heart and Dog Days. See her live if you haven't already. I think (and hope) she's just getting started...",1,1,"Mar 12, 2012"
8,"A must-hear for first-time Florence + the Machine listeners. This album is full of soaring creativity and soulful whimsy you want to sing along and clap your hands as if you're at camp.Key Tracks:'Dog Days Are Over''Blinding''Between Two Lungs'",1,1,"Mar 17, 2012"
10,"A Simply Amazing Album! It Sounds Like The Bangles But With Vocal Power!
One Of The Best Debut Album's Of ALL TIME!
I Would Feel Bad Giving This Album A 9!",1,1,"Jun  1, 2012"
10,"Lungs is the first album I've heard that I've loved every single track.  Florence Welch is an incredibly talented singer and her music is a great baroque pop indie mix.  Dog Days are Over, Cosmic Love, and Blinding are my favorites.",1,1,"Jul 10, 2012"
8,"For a British girl, Florence makes some excellent music. I first heard her latest effort, and this one is a bit sparse compared to that. I like it better.",1,1,"Jul 26, 2012"
10,"Florence has an absolutely amazing voice! It surprises me that people actually like the junk on the modern pop radios. Justin Bieber? Please, Florence  The Machine is what people should be listening to. The touching songs in this album just make you happy.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2013"
10,"One of the most amazing debut in years. Florence Welch is a tremendous vocalist with power and she is smart enough to not under-use or over-use her power when singing. Tracks such as 'Cosmic Love' and 'You've Got the Love' sound like nothing else out there. They're definitely gonna be in the industry for a long long time.",1,1,"Nov 19, 2013"
9,"I think it's called Lungs because it's breathtaking. This album has so many unique tracks, and it feels so unique and perfect. I love the instrumentals, and the powerful voice behind it all.",1,1,"May 10, 2014"
8,"Their next albums are better, (that's good) but I love this album! I love all the songs on this album, but my favorite is Girl With One Eye (the Percussion Version) it looks very dark! Florence made a great job, if you didn't go listen their next albums.",1,1,"Sep 14, 2015"
7,"A pretty decent album. It's stange in that it sags in the MIDDLE of the album, finishing and starting very strongly.The awful.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2009"
10,"Florence Welch one of the most powerful voices of all time she is unstoppable there is only one word for this album 'perfection' the uniqueness shines in this start of her amazing music career what an album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"Glad the critics agrees with me that this is Florence's best album. Every track is different from each other and all are flawless, the only one I'd consider as average is Kiss Wish A Fist, which also strays from the album's Art Rock sound to a more punk sound. Florence's lyricism is fantastic and emotional, and her amazing strong vocals do them justice.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
10,"Lungs is the album that we've been looking for. It combines a mixture of so many different types of sounds and emotions, yet blends them all in a slightly jarring way, yet it works perfectly. It's an exquisite album, and it deserves all of the praise that it receives. It is truly Florence's finest album.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2016"
9,"Lungs  o ponto mais 'fraco' da carreira da banda Florence + The Machine. Por esse motivo, prova-se que a banda sabe fazer msica boa em todos os sentidos, pois o lbum  maravilhoso. Todas as msicas da verso Standard so divinas. O que o estraga  a verso Deluxe, que vem com vrias faixas descartveis. Porm a Deluxe no tira o encanto que  a obra-prima Lungs. Destaque positivo para 'Cosmic Love' e 'Dog Days Are Over'.",0,0,"May 19, 2016"
10,"Masterpiece, just wonderful and melodic/mysterious sounds.
Epic and magical lyrics/voice by Florence*
An unique album with another references of Alternative.
Just listen, you won't regret it, i promise*",0,0,"Aug 29, 2016"
8,"Beautiful and melancholic.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
8,"El Perro del Mar is aging very well, and her music sounds more fresh. I think we can still waiting awesome things from this girl. 'A Better Love' is one of the best songs of 2009.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"Very good made album with very good voice and singing of Bubl. Everything is perfectly fitted. An excellent tribute to former musicians of Pop/Soul. Michael Bubl has earned deserved recognition.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
10,"Simply great!",2,2,"Sep  7, 2009"
10,"Best album I've heard all year. Totally infectious. Has been on repeat for over a week. Love it.",1,1,"Aug 28, 2009"
8,"Even though the music feels simple and could be boring, this. vocally driven album cuts deep.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2011"
5,"It's a bland album for me. The songs sounds boring, and often kind of inexpressive. Romy's voice is not suitable for the lo-fi scene, and the band sure enough sounds like over hyped. At least their songs are well-written, but the melodies and beats are saturated sound among so much strangeness. The metal strings are over produced. Maybe the band can improve musically, but now it sounds just like nothing outrageous to me.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2012"
10,"Music these days is in essence utter shit. This is different.",5,7,"Jan 20, 2010"
7,"While this CD is good, it is not as ground breaking or innovative as the critics suggest - I do know, maybe for 19 year olds. There are other low-key indie rock or pop CDs released during 2009 that are better; for example, Bat For Lashes - Two Suns and Camera Obscura - My Maudlin Career; also, I recommend the just released Beach House - Teen Dream. Additional better musical investments from 2009 are Girls - Album and Dirty Projectors - Bitte Orca. I will keep this xx CD (I do like it) but I am debating whether I will still go see their upcoming sold out Atlanta show - I can get double face value for my ticket!",2,3,"Feb 11, 2010"
6,"Good, simple, but overrated. We can expect great things from The XX in the future.",2,3,"Aug 28, 2009"
10,"Soothing, refreshing & simple.",1,2,"Oct  6, 2009"
5,"It often sounds as though Croft's really having to fight herself not to sound like a more polished sort of singer. Normally I like this less contrived approach but the album as a whole left me unimpressed. I've heard this sort of thing done before and done better.",3,7,"Oct 20, 2009"
3,"I really liked this album a lot the first time i listened to it, unfortunately the more I listen to it the more frustrated I get. Kinda like Nouvelle Vague without the excellent covers which leaves you with great voices but nothing earth shatteringly new or spectacular. Coming soon to a coffee or candle shop near you. 10 bucks says my ex-girlfriend is listening to this right now.",3,7,"Aug 30, 2009"
2,"Really boring album. I like only two songs here - 'Intro and' 'Islands'",0,2,"Mar 15, 2010"
4,"BORING.",0,1,"Aug 18, 2009"
1,"This is nonsense.",0,5,"Aug 24, 2009"
10,"Really surprised by this one. Dark, sensual indierock for the midnight hour. Four, five listens in, and I'm addicted to it. Best debut of 09, and one of the best of the year.",0,1,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"Best album of 2009, no question about it!",0,1,"Nov 12, 2009"
10,"My album of the year. Love every song on this record.",0,1,"Dec 15, 2009"
2,"A really excellent album spoiled by the female vocalist needing to be FAR less contrived, pretentious, and FORCED. Horribly over breathy and 'choked up' to the point of extremely annoying. Otherwise, Hugo Largo & Tom Verlaine influences are lovely and sound fresh. A real pity about the terribly overcooked female vocals.",0,4,"Aug 12, 2010"
10,"This is one of the best albums i have ever heard, not trying to recreate just another popular sound. This is in my opinion a groundbreaking album, and a huge breath of fresh air in what seems to be a fastly genre merging music market.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
7,"Putting it simply about this album is all you can do - just a simple, great indie album.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2010"
10,"My favorite album of 2009. Sexy, addicting, energetic!",0,0,"Mar  8, 2010"
10,"An extraordinary debut...seamless and seemingly effortless.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
9,"By far, the best album I've heard all year. It's absolutely stunning that it's only their debut. The gorgeous, melodic dream pop this young band creates is hard to compare to others. Each song is a pretty as the long. My favorites have to be 'VCR,' 'Heart Skipped a Beat' and 'Shelter.' But that's only after two listens, so I haven't gotten to known the album thoroughly, but I do know enough that you fall in love even after the first listen.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2009"
8,"When your sound is this sparse and open, the focus goes to the lyrics. while these lyrics aren't bad, I think they could and should be the center piece of the album. in stead I think they hold it back a bit. that being said, I still enjoyed the album and it's among one of the best debut albums I've heard recently.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2009"
7,"Brilliant most of the time, though it does fade away a little at the end, like most albums this year (apart from Lungs and It's Blitz!). The gloomy and bleak arrangements remind me of Joy Division, but the beats and crazily overused bass give the songs a very modern feel. Indie meets r'n'b! Especially like Islands, Crystalised and Shelter.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
10,"Well build up songs, great basslines and super darkish atmosphere!",0,0,"Oct  7, 2009"
10,"Amazing, simply amazing.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2009"
9,"Beautiful record!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
10,"The Best album of 2009. And even more brilliant debut than the pains of being pure ate heart also this year.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
10,"This album is a game-changer. Period.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
9,"Excellent debut album; stripped down and sparse, but still absolutely captivating and unique. This will make a lot of critic's top ten lists this year, and it should. The male and female lead singers also complement each other quite nicely; give this one a chance, it may sound a bit boring at first but it's worth the investment to get to know.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2009"
9,"Unbelievable, literally speechless.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2009"
9,"Love this album. It borrows from many of my favorite sounds (New Wave, Alternative) while also managing to sound fresh and new. What is also astounding is the band members, comprised of 2 men and 2 women, are only 19!!! Check them out.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2009"
10,"It's unique, it's elegant and it's just freaking incredible. It's baby making music for people with $300 headphones. The XX's debut stuns on the first listen and just keeps getting better.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2009"
8,"I really enjoy the simplicity of the arrangements and the understated tone. So much music just sounds overproduced. Its like a reaciton to all that pop music with vocals treated with that god-awful autotune rubbish. NICE.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2009"
10,"Great album, with absolutely no filler at all. Atmospheric and sparse, achieved without being pretentious or unnatural. The duet works extremely well, and the band's music and lyrics reflects its maturity considering their age and their probable experience with music. Amazing.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2009"
9,"It seems simple at first. Repeated listening quickly disabuses you of that conclusion though. 'Shelter' first to stay in my head.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2009"
10,"Great album, can't stop listening.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2009"
10,"It's amazing! The Best album 2009!",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
6,"Maybe I'm the only one here that things like this, but despite the melodies, the relaxing athmosphere it has, this is a very BORING album. I'm a little tired of 'soft' bands, minimalistic music... sometimes less is not more... it's just average.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
9,"An almost perfect album with mesmerising sounds and a brilliant flow. Songs have a lyrical beauty and are mixed to perfection making this one of the greatest dbut albums ever. Their next album is greatly anticipated.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2010"
10,"Strongest impression!!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"I discovered this amazing band with this website and I just bought their first record which is simply amazing. They have a particular sound full of rythm but very relaxed at the same time. I highly recommend it!!",0,0,"Oct 12, 2009"
10,"I dare to say that this album is the best of 2009. sexy voices by Romy and Oliver, paused and minimal instruments with a r&b beat. Beautiful!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
8,"Yes! I like this album!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2009"
10,"One of my favorite albums this year. There's never been anything quite like it. The mesh of voices over sparse guitars and drum machines creates a dreamy soundscape that keeps you riveted to the closing track. My favorite songs are Intro, Crystallised and Heart Skipped A Beat. Best British debut since Arctic Monkeys.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2009"
9,"Brilliant first album, I still cant stop listening to it!!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"This is Real Music And Nothing Fake Made Buy Sell Outs, and Absolute Perfection.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
9,"I love this album so much. Those soft voices. My word.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
9,"A really great, and dare I say, sexy album. It has a simple, downbeat sound that is very cool. Nothing too fussy or loud but the grooves on this album are definitely worth checking out,",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
10,"I'm in love with this band! Only heard about them last week and have been playing the album EVERY day since!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2009"
9,"This is what the crap played on the radio should sound like. It's simple yet creatively satisfying.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2009"
9,"Not saying too much, but this is still certainly the best album I've heard in 2009.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2009"
8,"Sparse and fragmented musical ideas congeal and then fall apart, leaving in their wake subtle but intricate melodies that only repeated listens will reveal. a very unique open and spacious sound made with very un-unique instruments. an excellent debut album by any standards.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2009"
10,"Stunning Best album of the year so far.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
9,"Great album, very mature sound for the the age of this group. Possibly my favorite album of 2009.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
8,"Good album, but let s not exaggerate things: poor adolescent lyrics and a bit boring.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2009"
10,"One of the best albums I have heard all year. Every song is great and they all flow together very well.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"Amazing!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
9,"Wow. This was a true revelation. It grows and grows. the minimal groove, the paired vocals... amazing!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2009"
10,"A stunning album, fills a niche no other has and is unlikely to be usurped or tired of for the foreseeable future.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"I played this record non-stop for weeks after I bought it, and liked it more every time. After a while, it got displaced by new and possibly interesting new releases. But, I keep coming back to xx again and again. Intimate and free-flowing, The XX have made a nearly flawless album, and I can only hope that they have at least one more in them. In any case, this was the record of 2009, hands down.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2010"
9,"It seems so simple and yet a so complex album. I loved to hear again and again. It has a big flaw: it is a very small album: 7 tracks end so fast that I need to put the album in loop.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2010"
6,"I completely agree with Alek O. This is yet another example of this longstanding trend of songs without music. It's very slow, very boring and though acceptable as background music while not doing very much, I couldn't listen to it in the car for fear of it putting me to sleep. It gets as high a rating from me as it does because this is an INCREDIBLY well done version of this particular genre, though I disagree with the critics somewhat. I feel like album probably owes more to Beck or The Cowboy Junkies than it does to Portishead.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2010"
10,"Best debut of the year. Indie classic.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"For me, the 'For Emma, Forever Ago' of 2009. Gorgeous album.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2009"
9,"Cool!",0,0,"Nov  6, 2009"
9,"If not the best, then definitely the most original album of the year. It's the music Timbaland would make, if he was a bunch of insecure nineteen year old goths from Britain. And I mean that in the best way possible!",0,0,"Nov  9, 2009"
8,"I go back and forth between genius and accidentally incredible. Either way, it's viciously smooth and completely sexy. Great for a rainy weekend or a long morning.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2009"
9,"Awesome album. I cannot stop listening to 'islands'. Up there for best album I've heard so far this year along with Animal Collective, the Antlers, and Phoenix.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2009"
9,"Finally a great album for this sad 2009.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2009"
10,"I have a rule when it comes to buying a bands album. I have to enjoy more than four of thier songs. I was in a frenzy throughout the whole album.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2009"
4,"Another overrated bore. This record is neither a game changer, nor the best debut of the year. Don't believe the hype. I just don't get what all the fuss is about. The songs are slow and boring. There's no innovation, there's really little of interest going on here. Yawn.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
9,"Well deserved Mercury Prize.
I would recommend 'Crystalised', and a hidden gem from the album is actually the intro. 'Heart Skipped A Beat' is also lovely.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2010"
9,"Completely different from anything I've ever heard. The XX debut's album is simply astonishing. Just so different from **** they have today. Each song is just so catchy. Romy Madley Croft and Oliver Sim's vocals are like sex. They are THAT good. All In All, The XX's debut album is amazing. A-",0,0,"Mar  1, 2011"
10,"This album is really, truly and utterly one of the greatest albums of indie rock. It is an album with great compositions, great lyrics. It is an album worth listening to.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2012"
8,"Good ambient indie guitar record. It's got a very consistent style across the album with all the tracks slipping into each other smoothly. The best thing about this band are that they have a unique and distinctive style and have brought something new to the market. Received great reviews in general, I have to agree for the most part. Only thing I would like is a little more variation in the songs and perhaps a couple of more quicker paced tunes. The last third of the record goes at a crawling pace. Having said that the consistent style across the album is probably one of the main things that make it all sound so well put together and well thought out.  The record gives a very specific vibe - always reminds me of darkness. It's like being in an empty night club or something.  My favourite tracks are 'Intro', 'Islands' and 'Heart Skipped a Beat'",0,0,"Jul  5, 2012"
10,"Intro, VCR and Islands are the highlights, but all amazing... loved ever minute listening to it, and I would recommend anyone to listen to it, be good to have good headphones since the bass in some of the songs are out of this world!",0,0,"Dec 27, 2011"
9,"Music unlike most anything I've heard before. Quietly confident, other worldly, spooky. It's too easy to label this as 'atmospheric', but the imagery this music creates is so magical.  So easy to listen to, so easy to fall in love with.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2012"
10,"Esse cd sem duvida alguma  perfeito. Eu ouo ele desde que foi lanado ate hoje ( 3 anos) e ainda me surpreendo. O Novo cd tambem ta excelente e manteve a mesma estrutura!!!",0,0,"Aug 28, 2012"
8,"The xx have a sound that is very unique compared to other indie rock bands and that is a primary reason this album is so enjoyable. The songs are simple but soothing and overral are a refreshing change to the repetitive dribble of most indie pop bands. I look forward to the xx's follow up album.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2012"
7,"I really enjoyed this album when it came out a couple years ago, but I wonder whether or not it will stand the test of time.  The tone may be a little one color. I get the nagging feeling that if you've heard one XX song, then you've heard them all.  That said, 'Crystalized' is a downright haunting track.  The vocals are impossibly intimate, inviting us into a quiet space between two lovers.  Listen to The XX on those cold winter nights with a good book and a glass of wine.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2012"
8,"Their music's working best when it's instrumental. I'm not saying their voices are bad but the Intro is the very best song on the whole album and additionally one of the best songs in the year 2009! It's just that their singing isn't necessary. In some songs, yes, but not everywhere. The lyrics are nothing special and especially the woman's voice was importunate to me. But enough negatives: this album is so recreative and great composed, also if I can only pick three special songs out of them 11. (Intro, Heart Skipped A Beat, Crystalised)",0,0,"Oct 25, 2012"
7,"Great debut album, however it manages to become dull over time. Coexist is a breath of fresh air for returning fans.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2012"
10,"This is such a simple album, with such simple instruments, simple singing, and simple drums. But I'll bet the producing wasn't that simple to make it sound like it does now. How can something so simple be so good?
Now one of my favorite bands, I can't stop listening to the xx. That's another thing: their music doesn't get boring for me, I can't listen to it over and over and never get tired.
A must-listen.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2013"
9,"What makes this album so special is not its songs themselves, nor its lyrics or voices, nor even its instrumentation, but its special common, yet original rhythm and structure. The perfect example that (at times) less is more; way more.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2014"
8,"The XX's debut is a soft, beautiful and generally very, very good debut for a band that obviously aren't there to make loads of noise that the common band might do. This is an album that comes at its most enjoyable when played in the evening.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2014"
9,"This record redefined pop.
It is intimate, soft, elegant and moving.
Its minimal style (which is a revisitation of Young Marble Giant's sound) mixed with the dark mood of the trio are what will become the unique characteristics of The XX and what will make you love this album.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2015"
8,"8.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
0,"WTF how dare they classify this stupid band as pop-punk, real pop-punk is green day, blink-182, and My Chemical Romance not this garbage! Worst album ever by the gayest band ever and by gay I dont mean it in a homophobic way.",0,2,"Jan 25, 2012"
10,"Amazing melodies, love the sound effects. Even better thasn Scream.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
0,"This albums sucks.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
0,"Its very, very bad.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
10,"Very good!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
0,"The worst album of the decade, its so crap.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
0,"This albums sucks.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2009"
8,"Humanoid shows a good amount of musical growth from Tokio Hotel's previous release, Scream. The lyrics on the English version of this album have quite a few horrendously awkward and/or shallow moments, but considering that the band members are from Germany, what can one expect? The lyrics on the German release are much better. The depth of the lyrics has decreased a notch or two from 'Scream,' but that lack is made up for by the electronic elements that were added to the music. There is still room for improvement (mostly in the English lyrics), but Humanoid definitely shows musical progression. On the other hand, most of the bonus songs were terrible. There was a reason those songs didn't make it on the actual album. Now, 'Alien' and 'Phantomrider' weren't bad, but then again, they were real 'album' songs on the German version. The true bonus material - Attention, Down on You, That Day, and Screamin' - were all tinged with the disgusting flavor of over-production and selling out. It should be noted, though, that many of the failures on Humanoid were co-written by The Matrix - a production group that has a tendency towards mainstream pop music. The end result of the collaboration between The Matrix and Tokio Hotel seems to be a failure. The Matrix produces a good deal of amazing pop music and the like, but they just don't merge with Tokio Hotel.
In the end, Humanoid pulls through with wonderful melodies and diversity. All of the songs have a distinct sound, but the album is still cohesive. It's definitely worth a listen. If you find yourself enjoying the sound but not the lyrics, it might help to check out the German edition and a few on-line lyric translation sites.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2010"
10,"If you love rock music and don't care for lyrics then you'll love 'Tokio Hotel's' new album 'Humanoid.' Unfortunately I like music with lyrics so I have to say I'm not really liking this album that much. I much prefer their song 'Don't jump' which tells of a heart warming story of suicide and the music video makes me cry every time.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2010"
10,"One year and 47 listens later, this refuses to lose any of its' punch for me. While it, like its' predecessor, continues to be unable to beat 2007's 'Zimmer 483', it certainly comes closer than 'Scream' in doing so. From start to finish it is an epic saga, covering soft, touching songs like 'Zoom Into Me' which appears later on in the album, and epic rock ballads such as 'Noise' and 'Screamin'', which, respectively, open and close the deluxe edition of the album. Lyrically the album isn't in any sense of the word bad, in fact it's very adequate for a German-to-English translation, however what has improved in instrumental skill and sound has been lost slightly in lyrical ability compared to 'Humanoid''s predecessor. Nonetheless, the album is a perfect example of how Tokio Hotel's general sound and ability have matured over the past three years. It doesn't pull any punches and it certainly doesn't lose any gas from start to finish. A perfect 10/10 despite the few flaws that it does have.
Top Songs:
'Phantomrider'
'Humanoid'
'Noise'",0,0,"Dec  4, 2010"
10,"This is my favourite album ever. Every song has a meaning and the melodies are just breathtaking! I love the new sound and Bill's voice is just incredible! :)",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
10,"I don't know about you, but I really liked this album! It has so meaningful lyrics and yes, in some parts it may sounds a little bit auto tuned, but it's still an awesome album!",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
7,"I'm pretty disappointed by this album, since the boys apparently can't steer their own careers at all...but their voices are still as amazing as ever. As a fan from the beginning, I still love them, but the only songs I can really listen to intentionally are Undone, Straight Through My Heart, This is Us, and All Your Life (You Need Love). Its upsetting that these guys have such potential and they keep missing the mark when you'd think the decisions they need to make would be obvious. And what happened to AJ's pretty amazing solo album?",1,1,"Oct 18, 2009"
10,"this album rockzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :-) the way the brian sings is more nice than before all albums and the linkin park should learn from them bsb forever",1,2,"Aug 29, 2012"
0,"Ever noticed the reviews below are written by East Indian fan boys...who have no real sense in pop music or real music in general! That says a lot.....this really sickens me! don't listen to these guys below! U can do far better then these horrid artists....or ahem.....losers!!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"BSB is an underrated group as a former singer myself I marvel at how well they still sing after all this time. On This Is Us they do a great job vocally with all the songs no exceptions If the critics and media stop hating and get off their backs, this album is destined to be huge.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
8,"The boys return to form with their latest studio album. The songs which are good are really good, and the songs that are bad are really not that bad either (except for the insanely strange PDA). Strong vocals in 'Shattered', 'Undone' and 'Bye Bye Love' should be enough to pull the album through.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"Fantastic album. So good to hear these guys again. I hope they play in Omaha!",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
0,"This is the worst album I have ever listened to.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2009"
10,"This is a great pop album. If radio would just play them this album could be huge.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
5,"Well, I like the boys since 11 years. I've waited for something that could beat 'Backstreet's Back' or 'Unbreakable' - but unfortunately 'This Is Us' doesn't bring it. Too much of the same, I had the hope their music would grow with them. Solely 'Bigger' gets me and is indeed nicely arranged, the rest rather reminds me of what I could get from any no name boyband out there. Nothing that would stand out from the crowd.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
9,"This is much better than their previous album and it appears they will hit a bitter audience with this cd. That being said, vocals are amazing - as usual! Looks like the boys are back!!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"It is brilliant, i think the best album they've come with and fianlly, a good taste of music. It feels like how come they didn't do this the past 16 years. This Is Us, PDA (Little Weird), Masquerade, She's A Dream and STMH is brilliant and leaves you gasping for more. Enough Said.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"BSB the best band i've ever seen.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"THE best BSB album so far.music lovers from all over the should listen to THIS IS US and rejoice.and bsb fans should buy 2 or 3...one for them..rest for gift.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"This is a fantastic album, a lot of up tempo music.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Just like the other record company employees on here, I love this album! Truly magnificent! A+! Better than the Beatles! Better than anything out there! Too bad old marketing schemes don't work anymore and our fanbase is in their late twenties and listening to Black Eyed Peas. Boy bands must be YOUNG; this is essential to their success. Young girls must be able to THINK/HOPE/BELIEVE they can date the band members...",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
9,"I think that, all in all, this is a decent album from a group that have done well to last so long in the music business (over 16 years they've been going now) having been labelled as a boy band. Yes their songs are pop and are typically boy band material but they do have particularly strong vocals which are again shown off pretty well in this album. I like the use of various instruments and some sound effects are present from time to time which adds to the atmosphere of the tracks. I like that this is another album that has quite an uplifting feel to it. It isn't utterly 'sugary sweet', its quite listenable, I don't feel too embarrassed playing the majority of the tracks. I think this time around, they've, for the most part, swapped quantity (track wise) for quality and so having listened to the album in full a few times, im left feeling impressed. This, to me, features the classic Backstreet sound with a modern twist and it isn't as mediocre as their last studio album was, so I would definitely say its worth checking out. If this is your sort of thing then check it out.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
0,"Horrible. This is one of the gayest bands on earth.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Their best work since Millennium in 1999, ten years ago. Excellent.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
8,"First didn't like their 'new' sound , but now it sound great!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Great album! The only song I'm not too keen on is She's a dream but all other songs are great.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"This is the best cd since thier comeback. The sound is tight, the production is A-1, the lyrics not cheesy. It's too bad that critics will not give these men their due. They've put together a really good cd with this one.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2009"
10,"This Is Us is fan-freakin-tastic! Get out and buy it if you haven't already. The smooth hip-hop feel of 'If I Knew Then' and 'This Is Us' is pure magic and shows the talent the guys have of captivating the female audience. I love all the songs (I agree though that 'PDA' is a little weird -but all is forgiven), but my absolute favorite would have to be 'Shattered'. The lyrics and the arrangement is hauntingly beautiful and the first time I listened to it had tears in my eyes. Anyone who has ever had a broken heart can definitely relate to the feelings that this song stirs up. BSB's performance on this album is outstanding!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
10,"A pretty good album actually... I am no fan of electric music but I was impressed how songs were composed here so I give it 10/10 ... because when you write a review for a product you have to be objective not subjective... :)",3,3,"Aug  2, 2011"
9,"The real electropop is here, not this crappy one like Enrique Iglesias and LFMAO that everybody wants to listen to. Making a beatiful duo work, Elly Jackson and Bem Lengmaid gave us pop, pop, pop and electro with good lyrics and strange videoclips. 'Quicksand', 'Tigerlily' and 'I'm Not Your Toy' will show to you the power of this album.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2011"
5,"First 3 songs are shockingly bad. Was about to throw CD out the car window then the album finds some solace. OK but nothing great or new.",0,2,"Oct  8, 2009"
10,"Album of the decade",0,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
2,"So incomprehensibly awful that, as Melville struggled to covey the intense symbolism of 'The Whiteness of the Whale' I find the English vocabulary inadequate to even being to convey the true, immeasurable, hideousness of this 'music'...as Mistah Kurtz might have put it: 'the horror...the horror'.",0,1,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"This album is one of my favourites to date. Bulletproof, Colourless Colour, Tigerlily, In For The Kill and As If By Magic are all great tracks. The album as a whole works nicely and Ely's vocals work best in the catchy Bulletproof and mysterious Tigerlily. Overall the album is extremely cohesive and makes for a great listen.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2010"
0,"Horrible album no more words to say.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
1,"Insipid and derivative.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
7,"This is good album.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2009"
9,"I think it's easy to underestimate this album which has a simple theme and is quite poppy, but La Roux should be praised for producing a hugely enjoyable first offering. It isn't stunning, but it's fun, and I love it. I think the sound is progressive too, and although clearly influenced by the 80's, it gives us all something unique to enjoy.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Brilliant album .elly has a very unuasal voice and i love it but i can see why people dont like her .If it wasnt for cover my eyes i'd give it a 10.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2009"
8,"If you don't like electro pop like Gabe C. and Mike L. clearly do not, don't rate albums of this kind!! If you do like pop electro fun then get this album!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
10,"Strength-draining and intense, but coupled with amazing composition, lyrics, and soft singing.  It's love-or-hate (because of how intense it is, yada yada), but doubtlessly high-quality.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2011"
8,"Finally someone that know how to use electronic instruments! Elly's voice is remarkable and the complexity synthesisers will immerse you into a colourful and nightlife atmosphere that will make your feet suddenly move along the beat.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2011"
8,"La Roux's debut is an ode and revival to the 80's synthpop. Fans of Lady Gaga or Robyn will be insanely addicted to these killer beats it's worth repeating over and over again.Key Tracks:'Reflections Are Protection''As If by Magic''In for the Kill'",0,0,"Mar 17, 2012"
8,"Beautiful production and amazing vocals. Pretty much all the songs on this album are catchy and upbeat, especially In for the Kill, Quicksand, and Bulletproof",0,0,"Apr 25, 2013"
10,"I do not like techo music but this is quite amazing. Every track is distinct from the others and there is not a single one to miss out on. Personally I like bulletproof, in for the kill, as if by magic, and fascination the best but check it out for yourself and form your own opinions",0,0,"Oct 31, 2013"
9,"Probably one of the most amazing albums to be made in the 2000s, which begs the question... What happened to them and whens the follow-up coming out? 4 years is a long time to wait for fans.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"Years later you still run into the 'bulletproof' and 'in for the kill' song on the radio and internet. Its very rare i like this type of techno-pop and even rarer i like them when they are upbeat and happy. You should check out the gold edition its significantly better in fact id go so far as to call it the best album of 2009.
Quicksand is likely the song that impressed me the most.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2014"
7,"This album has a good, unique style and the lyrics are interesting. Some tracks pail in comparison to others, but the great singles carry this album. Favorite track: Bulletproof",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
8,"An impressive way of making electro-techno music. From the songwriting to the emotion of the lyrics it is a great album on its on. Perhaps some songs may have a lack of sense in comparison to the whole album, like Bulletproof, which cuts the great atmosphere of the album.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
10,"MC's latest doesn't disappoint but in fact proves to be a very refreshing R&B experience.",4,4,"Oct  1, 2009"
6,"This album is ALL over the place! The lyrics are fascinating, yet a bit forced. Mariah's voice is a whisper or high whistle notes. Arrangements are intensely over produced or very simple, like my favorite LANGUISHING. H.A.T.E.U. is good, so is OBSESSED, but enough with the remixes BORING!",2,2,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Memoirs is one of Mariah Carey's most cohesive and sonically enthralling albums. Those looking to find your usual brand of throwaway uptempos found on the radio today may only be satisfied with the lead single 'Obsessed' because this album is full of Mariah's signature ballads and mid-tempo R&B grooves. Her voice is very understated, yet she still manages to show off her impressive range. Favorites include: 'HATE U' - by far the standout track of the album, this is a beautiful ballad about needing to hate someone in order to get past them. One of the most melodically interesting ballads of Mariah's career, everything works here from the soft whispering to the climactic belting to the signature high notes at the end of each chorus. 'Candy Bling' - This song will truly take you 'back in the day' when Mimi was 12 (well, she still is sort of) 'walking through the park every Saturday' with her boyfriend 'kissing time away.' This is lyrically one of Mariah's best songs ever as it paints a beautiful and nostalgic picture of childhood most of us have forgotten. 'It's a Wrap' - This song was the biggest surprise of the album. This song is packed with soul, heartbreak, and humor as Mariah sings 'I know you seen me calling and calling, I should crack you right in your forehead' and 'I told you one more time if you effed up it's over.' Rare for Mariah these days, the entire song is sung in her full voice and has an irresistable doo wop feel that will take you back to the days of 'Vision of Love,' 'Always Be My Baby,' and 'Forever' with a fiestier new twist. 'Angels Cry' - Sure, it's a bit of rehash melodically, but the lyrics on this song far surpass the lyrics on any of the songs it rehashes. Though no one line really illustrates this, Mariah paints a beautiful picture of a 'limitless, omnipresent kind of love' that is so powerful (and perhaps isn't even romantic love as she fails to use words like 'baby' or 'boy') that the angels cry because of its absence. Ironically the weakest track on the album is probably her cover of Foriegner's 'I Want to Know What Love Is' - ironic because it was hyped as the song to sell the album. But even though it lacks a lot of what makes Mariah's music special on this album - understated vocals, original and playful lyrics, and original arrangements - it's still a surprisingly nice end to the album.",1,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"Unfortunately, the album has leaked but I'll still buy it! I LOVE the fact that Mariah finally heeded the pleas of her die hard lambs and went back to doing ballads, which is her forte. What a musical genius, second only to MJ for amazing musical instinct, longevity and songwriting abilities. I love you MC- keep doing what you do!!!",1,1,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"At least she sings better here than in her e=mc2. it also doesn't sound as cold and calculated as that album.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"The album is as imperfect as a nine-over-ten. There is a smooth, sensuous flow from beginning to end, though somewhere in the middle it lags and drags a bit. The climax is at the last four songs where she showcases every aspect of the supreme songbird she has ever been.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Great music, but not too comercial for the young crowd. Nice sogs, and really good lyrics.",1,1,"Oct 15, 2009"
10,"Her best since Butterfly! Pure Mariah.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Mariah made this album for the fans who stood y her through thick and thin, and not for the critics. Fans are going to love this!",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Album of the year in my opinion, it was amazing from start to finish. languishing was a lazy re-write of petals, but i dug everything else.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"This is the best album i've bought. its simply amazing. Mariah Carey is my favorite artist of all time, she is the best, and i cant live without her music. Love u mariah.",1,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"Amazing album, this is her first true R&B record. With the exception of the predictable rehash 'Angels Cry', the album is quite.....perfect!",1,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"A nice record that doesn't cover new ground, but highlights Mimi's imperfections, and show us that she isn't out of steam yet. It's worth a listen.",1,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"Mariah's most standout album since butterfly..first time i listen to this album.i thought it is boring excpt for angels cry and obsessed.but after 2 or 3 times listen to this album.i honestly think that this album is really good. this is one of mariah album that i can listen from start to finish without skipping tracks. the songs are very cohesive. song like candy bling and betcha gone know remind me of the song called Breakdown from the butterfly album. even though this song contains less powerful vocals.but the vocal arrangement in this album is great and pleasant. carey really put her emotions through this album. the only powerful ballad that really match carey's 90's vocal is I Want To Know What Love is....mariah know has back to her early R&B.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Mariah just keeps getting better. This album will be a fan favorite without a doubt. There is something for everyone. Definitely her best album this decade.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
9,"Severely underrated.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
9,"Awesome album! Listen to H.A.T.E.U, Ribbon, Standing O, Angels Cry!",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"Is perfect album.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"At first listen, it doesn't really come right out and grab you. But after repeated listens, this album grows on you. There are many, many satisfying moments of pure sonic pleasure - quirky background production effects (faint, tinkling piano keys, etc.) and those lush, layered vocals that nobody can match. The 'plodding' beats actually turn out to be quite addictive, and I have a feeling this will have many repeated plays on my CD player, much like Butterfly.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"If you love slow 90s R&B jams, you will love this album. It's very subtle and beautiful. Lyrics are very clever...more so than any of her previous albums. The more you listen, the more you will like. Favorites: HATEU, Up Out My Face, More Than Just Friends, Betcha Gon Know.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"Great album full of mid-tempo tracks and a few slow jams. Like them all except for Candy Bling, which is just plain boring, and The Impossible would be good if there weren't so many better slow jams on the album. Inseparable can also get boring.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"Just Mariah doing what she does best - singing and being funny! Absolutely great to listen to..puts you in a mood.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2009"
10,"This is definitely a gREAT follow up to E=MC2, which was a GREAT album but it felt like the whole time she was trying to recreate the magic of The Emancipation of Mimi. This album is completely different from anything shes ever done. Her songwriting is on point, her vocals sound crisp & refreshing. & shes further establishing herself as the greatest female of all time =)",1,1,"Sep 30, 2009"
10,"Mariah Carey offers her most vocally cohesive album in this millennium.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2009"
9,"Now I know there are going to be haters because this is a vastly different approach for MC, but for those who are willing to take a chance, you are going to end up loving this album. 'Angel' is truely an album for a Mrs. Carey who is coming into a different light. Credit her happiness with Nick Cannon which shines on this album, or credit her perfect timing for teaming up with Tricky Stewart and The Dream, but I am personally glad to see MC go back to her R&B roots after a long hiatus since Butterfly, minus the little dabbling she did in Emancipaiton. On a second note, I even like that she has returned to singing along with just a piano, which I haven",1,1,"Sep 30, 2009"
9,"Mariah's voice shines in this album very brightly. Slowly but surely, she's regaining the powerful voice she had in the 90s.",1,1,"Oct 18, 2009"
10,"We born on the days when she flaunt her 8-octave range with Daydream and Musicbox. We're waiting for this album that showcases not only her voice but also her unprecedented music prowess.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"WOW! I am a HUGE Mariah fan, but I will admit I was expecting MOAIA to be a big flop. Man, did Mimi surprise me. This album definitely belongs among her best albums of all time. The lyrical content, cohesiveness of the album, the productions, THE VOICE -- everything is perfect on this album. I can't stop listening. She proves that you can never count her out on this album. Definitely check out 'standing o,' 'ribbon,' 'angels cry,' 'candy bling,' and 'h.a.t.e.u.'",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"By far Mariah's most cohesive album yet and certainly her most well produced. She connects emotionally with the songs in a way that is not typical for her. She is using her voice more like an instrument on this album and the result is nothing short of ethereal.",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
10,"I love Mariah she has never failed me!!! Charmbracelet was underrated and E=MC2 was under exposed. I guess a marriage can detour other projects.... This album seems sooo personal 2 me I feel like I'm in the booth with Mariah when I listen to it! Cheers! Bravo! To you! MC!",1,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
0,"Most overrated crap EVER!!!! Her songs are SO frigging annoying! The songs were complete garbage (most of them) and I just couldn't stand it. I also beat up MC in SSB3DS&Wii U (not in a looooooong time) but still, AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS!!!!!! Buy New Super Mario Bros. U instead.",2,3,"Jun 26, 2015"
8,"Mariah Carey's 12th studio album is perhaps her best effort since her 1997 release 'Butterfly', which is widely regarded as her best album to date. 'Memoirs' sees Carey, for the most part, blend her trade-mark 'hip-pop' with old school RnB vibes, more reminiscent of her earlier work. The opening track, 'Betcha Gon' Know' demonstrates this mindset. The piano driven track could almost play out like an early 70s soul classic, telling the tale of a cheating love and planned revenge, were it not for the thumping beat and lyrics - 'you gon' get what you f***ing j**k'.Carey attempts to caters for all her fans with this release. There are the more urban and upbeat tracks like the lead single 'Obsessed' and the witty 'Up Out My Face', the big ballads 'Angel's Cry' and the cover of Forginger's 'I Want To Know What Love Is' alongside slow-jams like 'Candy Bling'. This variation makes 'Memoirs' a pleasant listen, with each song seemingly flowing into the next. However the sequencing does let the record down slightly as it clusters tracks together which can then overshadow. For example the slow-jam 'Inseparable' is one of the strongest tracks on the album, yet coming in after after the finger-clicking 'Candy Bling' and 'Ribbon' you can find yourself ready to skip to the next track just to break-up the mood.Mariah Carey is widely regarded as one of the greatest singers of all time, famed for her impressive 5 octave voice. on 'Memoirs' her voice is in full-use and to great effect. That is not to say that every line of each song is belted as was typical for many of Carey's earlier recordings. Here we see Carey use her powerhouse tool with great care and accuracy. On 'The Impossible' Carey almost whispers with soft and breathy tones that gives a feeling a great intimacy, that is until the tracks outro where she turns the vocal power up and reminds you that this is in fact a Mariah Carey cd. This happens on most tracks, Carey starts softly and leaves the vocal blasting until near the end. The famous high note is also in good health here and is used almost like another instrument on many of the tracks which makes it fade into the track rather than stand out - depending of your love of the whistle register this will either be a slight disappointment or a brilliant compromise.To rap-up 'Memoirs' is a really strong and solid effort from Mariah. Listening to the album from start to finish you gain an appreciation for the fact that this is a coherent album, not just a collection of radio ready tracks as is arguable becoming the norm with new artists. While the album will not do what Carey hoped - please all hardcore fans and casual listeners alike - it still demonstrates her versatility as a singer and songwriter and makes for a really enjoyable listen.",1,2,"Aug 31, 2010"
10,"WELL DONE MARIAH!!!! When I first heard 'Obsessed' I couldn't wait for the album...I do admit that at first I  didn't like it ...'Up Out My Face' was the one that grabbed my attentiona dn i listened over again...and BAM!!! I loved it",1,2,"Sep 21, 2010"
10,"Love The Songs.. Love The Album.. Life Is not perfect..and so is love.. but still enjoying life end love right??? Go Mariah.. waiting for the next one....",1,2,"Sep 27, 2010"
10,"Boring after a few listens, but gets better and better each time you listen to it.Notable songs are ''Angel's Cry'', ''Obsessed'', ''I Want to Know What Love Is'' and ''H.A.T.E.U.''.Angel (Prelude) is amazingly amazing.",1,2,"Nov  6, 2010"
1,"It's still boring and much less honest & creative than she claims her albums are.... plus listening to a 40 year old lady sing with auto-tune comes across a little pathetic. also- now that she's grown up... why is she still making songs for teeny-boppers when she clearly can't relate anymore?",0,1,"Sep 30, 2009"
0,"Disappointing CD. What happened to her vocal? This CD is produced as if she were a singer who can't sing.",0,2,"Oct  3, 2009"
2,"It doesn't live up to The Emancipation of Mimi. The CD really starts from the middle point to the end. It's no memorable songs on the whole CD.",0,3,"Sep 30, 2009"
5,"Another age inappropriate album from a former pop heavyweight.",0,3,"Sep 30, 2009"
1,"1 for the effort. with her deteriorating vocals, i believe remixes is not the way to save the album. i tried listening to it about 5 times thinking i might like it after a couple of spins... okay, im done... and i'm bored.",0,2,"Oct 18, 2009"
0,"This is horrible and generic even for Mariah!",0,2,"Sep 29, 2009"
4,"Yawn...when will she ever evolve musically??? A true artist is the one who tries different music styles and keeps their music fresh! But she has been serving her close minded fans the same crap for the last few decades! Same old boring slow jams, Same old hooks, same old themes....same old Mariah!! The best songs are the Up-tempo ones, other then that, its pretty....yawn.....ZZZ...oh sorry.....Lame!",0,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
0,"This is the worst album of Mariah's career. I honestly liked Glitter and Charmbracelet more.",0,1,"Sep 29, 2009"
2,"Mariah continues to trow boring, repetitive, artifical and superficial beats & lyrics at 15 tracks. The album as 17. High notes don't save the lack of 'life' that more than half of the songs have. The only , honestly, good song in the album is Obsessed.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2011"
10,"Quest'album  sicuramente uno dei miei preferiti di Mariah, forse il migliore dopo Butterfly. Ogni canzone  speciale e piacevole da ascoltare. Ad un primo ascolto l'album pu apparire 'noioso', ma dopo un po' ti prende e ti trasporta in un altro mondo. Sono davvero soddisfatto di quest'ultimo lavoro di Mariah.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2010"
8,"Wow! 'Obsessed' seems like it is trying to pander too much to pop music standards, and 'H.A.T.E.U.' is kind of boring and doesn't have much of a beat. However, the rest of the album, especially  'Up Out My Face' and 'I Want to Know What Love Is', is solid. The former, with a remix featuring Nicki Minaj, is the best original track on the album. Her cover of  'I Want to Know What Love Is' by Foreigner is absolutely perfect and the pain in her vocals match the sad lyrics immaculately. I would go so far as to say it's an improvement over the original.",0,1,"Jun 13, 2011"
1,"She's the living proof that you can be an amazing singer and a terrible artist. Mariah's voice will never save this album for falling into cliche and dumbness.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2011"
10,"All 17 songs are beautifully crafted and smartly track listed starting with The Prologue with a good heavy beat and ending with a new short and charming version of I Want to Know What Love Is. Lyrics are a precise description of emotions, the vocals are sweet and strong accompanied with R&B/Hip-Hop/Soul beats. Memoirs succeeds as an empowering album for those with something to let go. Easy, soft and beautiful. Favorite tracks: Obsessed, H.A.T.E. U, Candy Bling, Inseparable, Standing O, It's a Wrap, Up Out My Face, More Than Just Friends, Angels Cry and Languishing (and the reprises and interludes).",0,1,"Nov 24, 2013"
8,"It's impressive how Mariah has rised again into her music quality since the mess of Glitter and those, however this is a great R&B recording, proving she's not defeated and she can do great songs with great lyrics and amazing music.",0,1,"Aug  1, 2012"
7,"It is certainly honest about being 'imperfect', yet even with the imperfections you'll find on this unnecessary album, its raw talent remains unbreakable.",0,1,"May  4, 2014"
8,"The album shows how mariah is that time of his career. An album of personal burden since 'The Emancipation of Mimi', this album shows a more mature Mariah, though not contain a new sound, this album very personal, so I admire him.",0,1,"Oct 26, 2014"
10,"You can find a huge variety of power in the voice of Mariah with a cover that elevated the music to another level as abito diva, bad point the label no longer gave more due attention making late advertising campaigns besides not invest what was due .",0,1,"Nov 10, 2015"
6,"This is a mature, solid album with a few surprises (her 'ode' to Eminem) and plenty of old school r and b... my favorite is It's a Wrap, so classic yet so inventive... Mariah is at the top of her game.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2011"
8,"It's so much peculiar. The productionc is amazing, sounds clean. There's a lot songs with potential to be a single. It's a R&B class of corse. Obsessesd is so good, H.a.t.e.u is so blue, up out of my face is so funny. I Really lije this one.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2016"
10,"This was the most cohesive album she's ever created since Butterfly, its so well crafted yet still had singles that made the album stand out, this is a win for mariah",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
2,"Always will love the Babs, but give me Diana Krall instead! The album is on Quaaludes and Xanax, nothing stands out, and I do mean nothing. Barbra is flat in some songs and while the pared down arrangements are good for singers like Krall, it doesn't work for Ms. Streisand's big voice and even bigger interpretations. Sorry, no me gusta!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Nothing but perfect from talented and genius singer. p.s. all music guide rating in their website is 70 not 90.thanks.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"The most inspired and personal album she's made since Higher Ground in 1997.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"I'm a big fan of Barbra's records from the 60's and her new record comes very close to that sophistication and charm of that recording period. I really don't think she's come this close to it really since then. Less is so very much more here. Thanks to Diana for streamlining and helping create a beautiful and sublime record",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"One of Streisand's best ever!!!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
4,"So very boring one cannot avoid falling into a ditch when listing and driving, be aware. Talented as she is this CD has no true extra value, the interpretations are so predictable the voice not as good as in the past, even the fans of the diva will be disappointed, please Mrs S, record something fresh and new already.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
6,"She's trying too hard...just sing Barbra....we and YOU know you can..... But...you still goit it!!!!!",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Thank you Barbra Thank you Diana.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
9,"Streisand was and is the best female vocalist...has been since The Barbra Streisand Album, and still is with Love is The Answer. You can keep your Dions, Houstons, Careys....all fine singers with fine instruments, but there is ONLY one Barbra. At 67, her voice is in MUCH better shape than Mariah 'I only whisper now' Careys or Whitney 'I've so misused my voice I sound like I gargle with gravel' Houston. Bravo, Barbra.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"At such an age, she proved she is still here. Classic singer, classic songs, maybe only in winter can you really have the mood for enjoying this classic album.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2010"
10,"Really LOVE the album!! she's the greatest MUSIC icon of all time alongside Michael Jackson. LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!",4,4,"Oct 19, 2009"
10,"An amazing collection!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"How could a collection of well over 30 pop classics from the past three decades receive anything but 10/10? Most artists would kill to have even half that number to include on a Greatest Hits compilation, yet Madonna would have needed to double the number of tracks on this collection to include all of her worldwide hits. Kudos to one of the most outstanding performers of all time.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2009"
10,"Since when does a four and a half out of five star review from All Music count as a 70? Looks like the folks at metacritic.com haven't taken basic math!",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"A perfect way to summarize an amazing 25+ year career. p.s. please re check all music guide rating is 90 not 70 in their website.thanks.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Excellent greatest hits package. Showcases the many genres of Madonna's songs. Awesome track listing. Excellent audio quality. Excellent artwork.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"THE QUEEN OF POP! An amazing collection that everyone should own!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Fantastic collection with some defyning pop songs. Whether you like her or not you can't deny the importance of her music. Includes 2 new songs!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Queen of pop! For the haters above, you can choose NOT TO BUY this GH collection if you don't like it. While you are bitching about Madonna's GH, she's having huge success with it around the world, so clearly many fans love this GH, this is a slap on you haters face!",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"The best album of the year!! A must buy for die-hard Madonna fans!!!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2009"
9,"Great compilation and 2 great new songs...celebration is very contemporary and revolver takes her into a new dimension.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"Madonna plain and simple, the best pop artist of the century.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Aside from a few missing hits (Causing a Commotion, This Used to Be my Playground), this collection is a testament to how impressive Madonna truly is.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Love it the best from undisputed queen of pop.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Even better than Immaculade Collection. The album art is just sensational.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"No other artist has been so vivid in thier carreer that has lasted almost 3 decades. Great music. Great videos.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Undoubtedly one of the strongest 'best ofs' that has ever been released.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"Queen of pop.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"Why buy it? Because this is history baby!",1,1,"Oct  8, 2009"
9,"Now 'Celebration' is something to celebrate for. The Queen of Pop brings her first compilation since 2001, which is full of brilliant hits including 'Like a Virgin', 'Into The Groove', 'Like a Prayer', 'Ray of Light' and 'Hung Up'. The album is a full-set length with most of Madonna's number #1 hits worldwide, and although some tracks which are satisfactory to some people are not featured on it (Including 'American Pie', 'I'll Remember', 'Rain'), the album still manages to bring an awesomeness to it.",1,1,"May  3, 2012"
10,"36 reasons why Madonna is one of the greats.",1,2,"May 29, 2011"
0,"Her Another ill-fated attempt at grabbing some more funds from her 'old' fans! I never see the point in these 'Greatest Hits collections'...clearly the artists wants that much needed dollar! There are some really nice collections with bonus tracks/extras and this isn't one of them! She needs to retire and get the F**K off the Pop wagon!",0,2,"Oct  4, 2009"
1,"Madonna should be ashamed of herself. Selling the same things over and over and over. Pass.",0,2,"Oct  5, 2009"
0,"Someone kill this money grabbing wh*re! She is a grandma and yet she can't seem to retire her self from producing shit*y pop music! Leave it to other artists like kylie and britney. F**k this old B*t***!!!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2009"
3,"She could have worked it better with those new tracks, they're boring!",0,5,"Oct  7, 2009"
5,"I sit firmly on the fence with this one. Madonna truly is a gifted singer and songwriter but I just don't understand her or the record company. Sure, they both want to cash in on her final release for Warner Brothers. No problem with that, but why repeat a whole load of songs already found on Immaculate collection, GHV2 and Something to remember. There is a wealth of material that could have gone onto the final 'Best Of'. A wasted opportunity. What a pity.",0,2,"Oct 18, 2009"
0,"Piece of crap.",0,6,"Oct  4, 2009"
0,"A waste of time and money. Very Poor.",0,2,"Oct  4, 2009"
0,"Dude. NOT cool.",0,2,"Oct  6, 2009"
2,"Any fan worth their salt would have most of this its a cash grab for retirement for the old work horse.",0,2,"Oct  7, 2009"
9,"In the end, you",0,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"As a Madgeaholic, I had hight hopes for the tracklisting, and am mostly satisfied. The mixes, however, leave a lot to be desired. While I like the Shep Pettibone mix of Express, I still would've loved to hear those horns of the album version remastered. Miles Away, 4 Minutes, Don't Tell Me, Ray of Light - all needlessly bucthered at the end! And why in hell no Bad Girl on the video collection? Madge and Christopher Walken were brilliant in that vid!",0,0,"Oct  7, 2009"
10,"Great compilation album.  Only purchase the 2 DISC VERSION if you are going to buy it because you get cheated if you only buy the 1 disc version.  Covers pretty much all the highlights of Madonna's career so far and includes 2 new tracks 'Celebration' and 'Revolver feat. Lil Wayne'  A must have!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2012"
10,"an amazing collection,buy it
Madonna plain and simple, the best pop artist of the century
long live the queen!!!!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"This shows off her wonderful career but there are many songs, I believe, that are missed out. The essentials are here, but Madonna has many other brilliant songs.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
10,"J' ADORE! Many of the hardcore Madonna fans don't like 'Celebration' and 'Revolver', but I have to strongly disagree - that's Madonna! Foremost she's a dancer.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
8,"Caution to Madonna fans: there are several glaring omissions from this greatest hits album, while there are several questionable inclusions, like 'Hollywood'. One of the two new tracks, 'Celebration', is not groundbreaking enough for the Queen of Pop. However, this is a fairly solid compilation. I just would have substituted some of the tracks for others that were left out.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2011"
9,"Some might look at this as a business opportunity for Madonna. It might be, but it's actually good, as you get tracks which aren't on her studio albums. For example, if you do not own The Immaculate Collection, you'll have Justify My Love. Other tracks like Vogue, Who's That Girl, Crazy for You and Beautiful Stranger are also tracks which do not appear on studio albums, so it's always good to have them all in one (although I would recommend I'm Breathless). Another good addition is Into the Groove since, as I'm sure most of you are aware, it was left out of the remastered version of Like a Virgin, which is very frustrating, as it is one of her best tracks in my opinion. So, basically, it's a good CD is you want tracks like those mentioned all in one CD, instead of purchasing CDs for one song. Apart from that, the title track and Revolver are addictive",0,0,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Firstly i will start off with the negatives
it doesnt contain every single huge hit! this used to be my playground, American pie etc are missing but when you are Madonna you couldnt fit it one 2 discs!
now positive
the album is amazing!! it shows the vast catalog of Madonna hits over the last 3 decades! (and counting)
she is undoubtedly the QUEEN OF POP
every song is a 5/5
and therefor the album is a 5/5",0,0,"Aug  8, 2013"
9,"I'm sure that stans will die for this record. Madonna did a genius move by releasing her iconic past singes and added to 'em two new songs. 'Celebration' and 'Revolver'  Everybody will love it. The essential album of the year.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2013"
9,"A great compilation from an iconic artist. The only reason I don't give this album a perfect 10 is its exclusion of tracks such as 'True Blue', 'Jump' and 'Give it 2 Me'.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"A collection of the best hits of Madonna just might be something perfect, Madonna proved the most interesting pop singer of recent years, call her ''Queen of Pop'' is not overstate her, your title is great his great contribution to pop culture. ''Vogue'', ''Like A Prayer'', ''Express Yourself'' and ''Ray of Light'' are great achievements in pop music.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"Simplesmente... A bblia da msica pop, a coleo dos maiores hinos de Madonna. E duas novas msicas perfeitas. S no  melhor que Immaculate Collection.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2013"
10,"One of the best greatest hits albums. i just miss some hits such as Angel and Give it to me. And revolver is very average  song next to all the other greatest hits from the queen.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2014"
10,"A comprehensive collection of Madonna's best songs. In addition, there are two new tracks - 'Revolver' and 'Celebration'. The new material is equally fantastic. 'Celebration' infact was nominated for a Grammy in the category 'Best Dance Recording' where she is the most nominated artist.",0,0,"May 14, 2016"
10,"The queen of pop surprise us again with this compilation. A perfect collection of the best Madonna hits. It could be missing a few songs, but it's definitely an art gallery of Madonna's career.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
8,"Yeah Ghost is the result of a musical evolution which nowadays not every ear is ready to revel. Sometimes album aren't really inspired by something and just by accident there's an experimental and very fresh result.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2012"
8,"Whilst 'Golden Greats' remains my personal favourite Ian Brown album (with 'Music Of The Spheres' a close second), 'My Way' is definitely his most consistent set yet and contains great tunes in abundance! After the relatively disappointing 'The World Is Yours', the man sounds reenergised, reinvigorated and inspired, delivering a great, semi-autobiographical and stylistically varied pop opus which almost plays like a greatest hits set such is the quality on offer.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
8,"A tuneful pop album. The talented singer (don't be put off by the fact that she has come from acting. She really has a good voice) has produced an album which has expectations; which it fulfils. While it doesn't take many risks, the songs are interesting and catchy, and her soulful voice fits extremely well. The epic sound that makes us feel that her music is performed by a great big band is something many artists and bands wish for; the only ones I've noticed manage it well are Kasabian, Within Temptation and Nightwish. The fact that she has managed it in a Pop album, rather than an alternative or operatic rock album is some feat.Highlights include Stone Cold Sober, New York and Upside Down, which coincidentally are three of the singles she has released from the album. She also puts some effort in more ballad-esque tracks such as Stargazer and Play On, this album seems to be able to please every emotion i wish to take from it.8/10. Why? I bought it on exactly the same day as I bought Lungs by Florence + The Machine. This album, in comparison, falls slightly short of extremely amazing songs. This may not seem fair to judge the album by, but it just shows that in comparison, things can appear of higher or lower qualities. It is a fault in the human mind.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2010"
8,"Ok, this album is not a masterpiece, but there are some very good songs in it: 'Stargazer', 'Upside Down', 'Play On' and 'New York' for example. She also has talent and a beautiful voice, so i don't get why it has just a 51!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2012"
2,"A genuine disappointment after a great first album.",0,1,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"Perfect, brilliant, masterpiece !",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"Beautiful, amazing, fabulous",0,0,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"Unbelievable pop album! Once again MIKA shows us exactly what pop should be!",0,0,"Sep 23, 2009"
10,"Amazing album! a master piece for sure... touches you will be a hit!!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"I think it is the perfect follow up. Mika's music is layred with double meanings and joyful sound . I wish there was more pop music like this out there.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"TBWKTM is a Brilliant album! Mika is on fire! Kudos Mika!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"Good Gone Girl, Touches You, Dr. John, We Are Golden, Blame It on The Girls and RAIN! singles please.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2009"
10,"It's definitely album of the year. So original.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2009"
10,"The most beautiful I've listened to ever.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2009"
10,"The Boy Who Knew too Much is even better than Mika's debut Life In Cartoon Motion, and I can't wait for people to stop comparing him to Freddie, Elton or anyone else, and realise how special MIKA himself is!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2009"
10,"Mika is truly a genius, and anyone who says this isn't an excellent sophomore attempt is insane, because this album is just pure genius! It just flows so beautifully, through a technicolor journey of sound! Mika outshines himself on many of the tracks, showing he is just not some one hit wonder! We will be hearing a lot more of Mika, in the years to come, and I couldn't be happier! Mika reminds me of some of Pops greatest! This is an excellent album, don't let the haters distract you from the genius of this album, because it truly is great!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2009"
6,"Why there's not more Mikas out there? Great lyrics, mixing comedy and ordinary themes, he could offer a great pop album, that turned out a lot better than his first one! Watch on 'Rain', 'Relax, Take It Easy' and 'Happy Ending'. I know he can do a lot better, and it's a very promising third album coming up!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2011"
7,"Overall this is a good album. It starts well with songs such as 'We are Golden' and 'Blame it on the Girls' catching on quickly. However the album slowly goes down hill with the songs getting, in my opinion, less catchy and a bit boring the further you go down the album.",0,0,"May  4, 2013"
7,"'Draw The Line' doesn't deviate from 00's David Gray. 11 tracks that veer between not bad and good without ever catching fire. There are plenty of albums in todays market selling on the back of a couple of hit singles with nothing else but filler. At least with David Gray, there is little more substance present.  Opener 'Fugitive' is probably the strongest track quickly followed by the impressive title track 'Draw The Line'. Overall, the first half of the album is generally decent and notably stronger than the second half.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2013"
10,"This superbly compiled collection proves once and for all that Big Star truly were the most under-rated band in Rock history. The music here has endured throughout the decades thanks to it's timeless quality. An essential collection for any serious music fan.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"this is the best box set i've ever listened to. if i had to choose a box set to play right before committing suicide, this would be it. i would slit my wrist with a smile on my face.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2009"
10,"It's amazing album.Everybody should hear this.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2009"
10,"This album is just perfect, the best of her career, vocals, compositions, melodies, everything fits perfectly doing a great debut album, she managed to make a fun pop varying with other musical styles. Merited nine have two unnecessary songs.
Highlights: Gravity and Here We Go Again
Lows: Silent Night and Goodnight and Goodbye",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"A cute song, from a cute girl.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2009"
5,"I was like an addictive to it although her music is really good. This album was very well-produced. She's a really good live singer, which is noteworthy nowadays. And she's beautiful. Hope she can get more success with her talent.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
6,"I enjoyed this album. It isn't an excellent piece of music, but it's a little underrated. It is enjoyable and better than other stuff (Rihanna, Lady Gaga etc.)  (I wanted to say 6, not 10)",0,0,"Jun 29, 2011"
8,"An incredible combination of 'soul' and 'pop', the album is unique and has great songs, the melodies are good, the lyrics are excellent, and the vocals are great, great highlight for 'Broken Arrow' (Present in the relaunch) also highlights for 'Nothing Compares', 'My Love' and 'Gravity'.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2012"
8,"Pixie Lott Has A Amazing Underated Voice That Needs To Be Heard!
A Fun And Amazing Debut Album!",0,0,"Jun  5, 2012"
4,"I loved their first album and eagerly anticipated this one- Severe disappointment. So overproduced and polished, it's just too fake. Go download Hero-Heroine and you'll hear the real BLG, not this plastic version of them",0,0,"Oct  8, 2010"
10,"Since I'm a huge TMBG fan, I can enjoy this album and dvd with my 2 - year - old daughter, who learned her ABCs and 123s with the first two in this vein. It's a joy to hear her quote things like 'photosynthesis', and 'paleontologist.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Perhaps TMBG needs to do 'Here Comes Math'...and explain how 83+80+80+74 equals an average of 84? (Although I suspect the album deserves about that rating...).",0,0,"Sep 30, 2009"
10,"Amazing album as always.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2009"
1,"Quite annoying.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2009"
8,"Multiple great songs that entertain not just people that would listen to Disney Sound, but also the geeky 20 year fan of TMBG. It feels that they convert to a new sound in the right matter in the right context, especially knowing how great Nanobots was.",0,0,"May 29, 2014"
5,"She can do so much better, i know she is not a song writter but common wh, we want to hear about those demones that got u down , and how you beat them...not the generic stuff",1,1,"Sep  5, 2009"
0,"I'm sorry but it's plain embarrassing to read all the industrz reviews praising a CRACKY voice of a once amazing diva... The album is mediocre at best. Ms Houston sounds like a wannabie karaoke singer in most of the songs. She could be oversung by the likes of Miley Cyrus now - and surely with better results.",0,2,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"For once, the music industry hype is actually warranted. Whitney Houston's 'I Look To You' is a well produced, well written, and most importantly well sung musical wonder It's eclectic sounds of old school r&b, neo-soul, and grade A pop comprise a stellar album. A triumphant success and hard earned comeback for one of the greatest vocalists of all time.",0,1,"Sep  9, 2009"
6,"I love whitney but i must admit that i was expecting much more than this... i don't feel the same magic anymore.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"Great album! Worth It, CAll You Tonight, Nothing But Love, Million Dollar Bill, Salute......hotness!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
9,"This is without a doubt, Whitney's most solid and complete piece of work. Her previous album had killer singles but lacked consistency and unity. With 'I Look To You', she finally made a real and back to back strong record. As a whole it takes you into a journey filled with ups and downs and by the end it gives u a positive 'last laugh' message. It's an epic and strong 'comeback', honestly, the best we have seen in recent years. 'Call You Tonight', 'I Look To You', 'A Song For You', 'Nothin' But Love' and 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength' are already signature hits to her catalog.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
9,"'I Look to You' is easily Whitney's most cohesive and satisfying album in a decade. The years have weathered her voice, but it remains a singularly expressive instrument. This is a contemporary pop soul album, of course. That seems a market imperative. But within that limited framework, she and the producers find ways of telling her story that are rarely maudlin or dull. The standouts for me are the badass funk disco of 'Million Dollar Bill', the Erasure meets tropical beat underpinning the stellar 'Nothin But Love', the unabashed abba-esque take on Leon Russell's 'A Song For You' (crazy I know, but it totally works), and the tailor-made gospel testimony of David Foster/Diane Warren's 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength'.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"I think that Whitney's I look to You is her most autobigraphical and personal album yet. From the ballads, I look to you, and I didn't know my own strength, you can feel through her voice, her struggles, her lowpoints, how she got to know that she was strong and who she looked to for help. While A song for you will never touch her masterful rendition that she did at the welcome home heroes show, it is unique and beautiful in it's own way and somehow the lyrics now fit her life at this stage more, '..I've been so many places in my life and time, sung a lot of songs, made some bad rhyme....and when my life is over, remember when we were alone, i was singing this song for you..'. there is a haunting quality to her voice when she sings this and then it breaks into a more upbeat dance number that is more triumphant. For the Lovers sees Houston belting, 'throw your hands up, for the next 3 mins this is for the lovers' this thumping number will have you on the dance floor and people will see why she is just as good on dance tracks- the Voice is very powerful here and the phrasing is great. There are other strong songs such as Worth it' and Call you tonight as well, The set closes out with the song 'Salute' that just seems to be about her telling her ex- husband that she made it just fine without him and that he can leave and go on out the door now. This is a strong album, surprisingly by Houston and there are many, many good songs on it. This is an album that i don't skip any tracks which for me is rare- If you listen without prejudice and try not to compare her to her 20's which is silly, you will enjoy an awesome album by Houston who lets us into her life more than she has in the pass.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
7,"The album, as a whole, successfully allow for a solid comeback. But it's in its deconstruction to analyze the parts where you'd find a few flaws, mainly, Ms. Houston voice comes out raspy in some notes where you can tell that wasn't the intention. But as a final product, it's a solid one, and I can totally visualize a couple of songs being borrowed for the soundtrack of Sex and the City 2. My favorite is the ninth track 'For the lovers', so rhythmic, yet smooth and catchy.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2009"
10,"This is her 2nd best album, right after My Love Is Your Love. Standout tracks include I Got You, Nothin' But Love & Call You Tonight.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
5,"Though she can no longer hit the high notes, this diva still has an amazing voice. Too bad that most of tracks contain forgettable middle-of-the road material. She deserved better for a supposed 'comeback' album.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
9,"Very good! 'I got you' is an amazing song.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2009"
8,"Very, very good.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
10,"I Love this CD.... Its one of her best ever.....The voice is not the same.... But she is singing better the 99% of the singers that we listen on the radio.... Call You Tonight, Nothing But Love, Worth It, For The Lovers, Mill Dollar Bill, A Song For YoU and Salute are the standout tracks.....",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I am thrilled to see that Whitney is finally back. The songs on this CD clearly reflect all of the hurt and trauma that she has experienced in recent years. My favourite track is 'Salute' in which I can only assume that she is saying goodbye to the most negative influence in her life to date.....that loser Bobby Brown. Good riddance and thank God that she's free at last!!! Welcome back Whitney and God bless.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I love the new cd! Great to have her back and can't wait to hear her in concert. Like she never left:-)",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"One of her best. Soulful, emotional, great lyrics and melodies. Welcome back Whitney and good music. My favorites are Call You Tonight, Worth It, A Song For You and Million Dollar Bill..",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I really have fallen in love with this album, I wasn't sure what to expect, but it is really well put together, and it hits home. I congratulate you whitney on making a classic soul record. 'you got me' on your corner with this one.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Pleasantly surprised by this album.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Let's be clear, this isn't vintage Whitney and certainly not Whitney at her prime. But she still can sing circles around 99% of contemporary/popular artists of this generation. While I think some of the ballads are cheesy, all of the music utilized Whitney's voice as it remains today. She sounds best on Worth It (almost vintage) but all songs are enjoyable.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"I couldnt have asked for more... wait I guess I could. The only things missing from this album are Darkchild and Babyface. Other than that, its almost perfect.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"Luv it to bits. Her voice is strangely captivating. It's not what it's used to be, but there's certain something that will keep you listening.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"RETURN OF THE DIVA!!! Seriously - this is a stand-out album of solid material, delivered by a singer who, at her prime, was THE most unrivaled singer in modern popular culture. While THE VOICE isn't what it was several years ago, she's got a husky soul sound that only deepens her always exquisite lyrical interpretations. This is Whitney at her best. PURE Diva!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"Whitney is hawwwt, y'all! She brang it hard on this one!! The Bomb!!!! Go Nippy! Comeback of the decade!!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"I bought this album for my wife and honestly, I was never a Whitney Houston fan but these songs are so cool, catchy and anyone who has ever been through though times needs to BUY THIS CD. We play it all the time!",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"A rare true gem! in a day and age where all the sounds you hear are robotized to perfection, I look to you is a refreshing exception. the whole album is a mirror of Whitney Houston's triumphant journey from hell and back. her wounds are proudly in display with a defiant scream of an angel with clipped wings. the songs do not soar to heavens but sails right through the heart. an amazing sonic experience like tasting a century old wine.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"This is the best album of 2009 so far. The melodies, the grooves, and the vocals are so fresh and refined. It's magic to witness this new era of Whitney Houston. Stand outs include Call You Tonight, Million Dollar Bill, Salute, For The Lovers and I Got You!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
9,"If anyone is seeking to hear another 'I'll Always Love You' or 'I Have Nothing' on this album, then I am sorry to say they will disappointed. However, if anyone seeks to hear a Whitney that has been through so much and having scars from personal battles fought, then this is the IT album. Personally, its a great set of tracks! I agree that the voice has changed....but what is gone in terms of range and power is replaced by passion, emotion and some sexiness younguns of today can only hope for. I am still rooting for a Grammy for this album and I know, that some young hopefuls will be singing songs from this album on the next American Idol season. So so happy she is back and I know now what she is here...its gonna be hit after hit and maybe a movie soon. Best tracks are......Call You Tonight, Worth It, I Got You and Salute!!!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"The best album of the year. Whitney sings with so much soul and passion that she makes you forgive her for not hitting more high notes. Welcome back whitney. My Top 5 songs are A song for you, I got you, I didn't know my own strength, Worth it and the magnificent SALUTE. Great job.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I absolutely LOVE this album! This new Whitney 'sound' is so raw, vulnerable, emotional, and breathtaking. She truly is channeling her emotions in every single track! You can hear how rich her voice is in songs like IDKMOS, ASFY, and IGY. It's great to have good music with great lyric and melodies that people of every age and culture can relate to. Congrats Whitney on a spectacular album. Wish you nothing but the best!",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"Yes, I loved the old voice, but I really can't complain about what she's doing with the new one. This was a great way to say, 'I'm back.' I love Nothin But Love, For The Lovers, Call You Tonight, and Worth It the best.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Strong effort from the premier diva of song. Highlights are SALUTE, WORTH IT, NOTHIN' BUT LOVE and MILLION DOLLAR BILL. Whitney's voice has aged like a fine wine, and is now sultry, deep and in my opinion even more soulful. These songs fit her like a custom suit, and it's great to have her back!",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"This is a super modern but still timeless album by the voice that redefined pop singing. She's still at her very best and still unbeatable.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"Wonderfull album, just love it!!!",0,0,"Sep  8, 2009"
10,"the album one of the best of his career but with a grave lack of producers for the album that had a global boom had released more singles because there are many great songs. Whitney's voice is magical and captivates you one of the best albums of the 2000s.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2012"
10,"'The Time of Our Lives' is the best EPAlbum that Miley Cyrus ever published. Each song has it's own speciality and greatness. It may match teenagers and less, but everyone who loves commercial pop would be amused. A definite 10.",2,2,"Sep 13, 2014"
10,"It is one of the best things that I have ever listen. It still sound so powerful by the years. When it is over, you want it more and more. Cyrus did a really great job here, as always.",1,1,"Aug 31, 2015"
1,"Sigh.. It's garbage like this that will drown the music industry.",2,4,"Dec 28, 2009"
10,"This 'album' shows a turning point in Miley, as we don't notice the usual 'kiddish' style in her songs. Therefore, I think it shows how Miley is maturing as she grows along. Not to mention that the songs are just awesome and uplifting with their sizzling beats, suitable lyrics and diversified genres.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2010"
9,"Miley's Album or EP is definitely good.  'When I Look at You' is the best track on the album and shows Miley's softer side.  Songs like 'Party in the USA' and 'The Time of Our Lives' are the songs to get up and dance to",0,1,"Sep 14, 2010"
10,"RAINHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA OBSESSED >>>>>>>>>>>",0,1,"Apr 12, 2015"
9,"This is a great album, whether you enjoy 'Disney' artists or not; Miley's vocals sound good and production is quite varied while still remaining cohesive throughout the album. It's a bit annoying that people still hate on someone's music just because they don't care for the person though. Seriously, I'm not saying Miley is a good person, but her music is very good.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2009"
7,"The Time Of Our Lives doesn't stand out in any kind of way, but somehow, it's slightly effective. While I disagree with Cyrus's use of the word 'piss' -- considering she's still a tween star -- the album certainly gives her younger fans something to dance to, with pop rock tracks such as 'Kicking and Screaming' and 'The Time Of Our Lives', and power ballad favorite 'When I Look At You'. 'Party in the USA' is the album's lead single and standout track, which proves to us that Cyrus is musically gifted.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
6,"None of it stands out, and it probably won't win Cyrus anymore awards, but overall, it's an adequately classy, charming teen-pop album that all the tweens will go crazy over. Its standout tracks are 'Party in the USA', the album's lead single, and 'The Time Of Our Lives', a cutesy track for the kiddies.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2011"
6,"The songs, per se, are genuinely nice. Cyrus did quite a good job singing, that's for sure. However, the album is a little bit too much to take. There is a thin line between singing and shouting for no reason, and she crossed it. Yes, we know you are a wonderful singer and you work very hard. But there is absolutely no need for you to shout all the time to prove it to us. Try sing like those normal artists. Don't be so hysterical, that will just scare people away.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2011"
8,"This EP shows her amazing, incredible vocals better than her other albums. Miley has an incredible voice and I think these songs show how good she is.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2011"
10,"One of the best album ever! Why can ppl don't like this just because it's so much better than Kiss and Tell Garbage!This is what call an album people! Appreciate it!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2012"
9,"um ep excelente. Com msicas muito bem produzidas e envolventes. A verso para Kicking and Screaming  maravilhosa. Destaque tambm para When I Look At You, Time of Our Lives, Talk is Cheap e, claro, Party in the USA.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"I really like dancing to Party In the USA. The Climb, When I Look At You and Before the Storm make me feel so good and calm me down when I'm bad. I can't stop listening to them. I'm not into Time of Our Lives and Talk Is Cheap. The rock of Kicking and Screaming is powerful but it's strange from Cyrus. I love this EP",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
9,"uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657uyu657657",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"Miley did her best with this. The songs are perfectly written, constructed, and is generally a great EP. The highlights of this EP is a beautiful country ballad 'When I Look At You'. It expresses her feelings towards her then boyfriend Liam Hemsworth",0,0,"Mar 30, 2015"
4,"cool and cru kkkkkkkkkkk sabee ai seila ebaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa hahahahaha xauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu babyyyy",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
10,"Muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuy bueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeno",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"An EP full of smash hits. Well written and well produced. It's amazing! From ''Party In The USA'' to ''The Climb''. She's ahaid from her peers and all of her albums show that.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
8,"An album that has managed to maintain the brightness of the previous Caillat could lead us to a state of calm, in all its tracks can see the soul of the artist, the instruments very well applied is the highlight of the CD.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2013"
8,"It lacks the over bearing cockiness of Cobra's second album, but it has an ability to grow on you.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2009"
10,"Fun CD! I would say its a must have; it has something to satisfy everybody!",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
2,"How does this piece of crap have a metacritic page and Thrice's 'Beggars' - album of the YEAR by FAR isn't reviewed ANYWHERE.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2009"
7,"Due to the number of plays 'Good Girls Go Bad' had, I was shocked to hear Hot Mess sound anything like pop-rock. I expected nothing but an ego-trip and found that Hot Mess is a solid and somehow modest album for the most part. Each song takes on it's own direction and has plenty of fun, yet at an artistic pace. I wouldn't say Hot Mess is Cobra Starship's best album, but I will say that it is their safest and most balanced album yet.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2012"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2016"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
10,"A stunning second album that presses all the emotional buttons plenty hard enough to have a strong impact.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2009"
6,"Saw them open for Snow Patrol and Coldplay in Vancouver and they were excellent. This album is very disappointing compared to their live set. The band rocks much harder and is edgier live.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2009"
5,"There's already one Metric.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2009"
5,"Not half as good as their debut album. Adequate but forgettable.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2009"
5,"Disappointing after such an impressive debut. The sound they defined on that first effort has gone missing and if it wasn't for 'Into The Chaos', which is a brilliant track, I'd rate this lower considering the standard they've set themselves.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
10,"F*cking stunning.... more people need to HEAR for themselves.",0,0,"May 10, 2009"
10,"Spectacular follow-up to their debut album.",0,0,"May  1, 2009"
2,"Anyone giving this CD a 10 doesnt know anything about music. This CD has some of the worst lyrics i have ever heard and the production is god awful. Her first cd was decent but this one is just terrible in every way...be warned!!!",1,1,"Aug  2, 2009"
8,"I have to be honest, this album is really good for me. I like it because I really enjoyed the Ashley's dark side. This CD involves more emotions and also have more dancing songs, plenty of love/break-up songs and many other ballads that help her to show us how goos her voice is. Guilty Pleasure is, for me, what its title says... my guilty pleasure.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2012"
0,"Conquer the world: Everyone who considers themselves music buffs spit in your general direction. I understand your resentment of vacuous hipsters who value obscure music as outlets to identify how 'hip' they are, but... NORMAL people? Really, you don't have to be abnormal to gag at this schlock. Even if you are looking for mindless 'catchy' pop, you can do way better than this.",0,1,"Jul 30, 2009"
8,"Ashley Tisdale returns with a better second effort, that has her rocking and dancing with more powerful vocals than ever before. She shines as a pop star with tracks like Masquerade, Crank It Up, How Do You Love Someone and the single It's alright, It's ok. Acting out is quite an excellent track as an introduction to the album, but the volume of her voice can be a bit too loud. The other tracks are actually not bad, they can be enjoyable once in a while, they just can't stand on their own. Yet, Ashley surprisingly did an album that stays on the same style without never getting repetitive or an annoying song.",0,1,"Sep 28, 2010"
10,"Great album!!!! 'Hair' is the best track on the album!!!! Even better than her debut and can easily be seen as amazing...I don't know why she didn't start singing much earlier like vanessa hudgens...Styill amazing though",0,1,"Sep 23, 2010"
5,"Guilty Pleasure is not satisfying. Ashley's voice lacks grit and edge. Most of the songs are boring because of the sick beat and rhythm that does not fit the rock genre. Although, Ashley is a real singer but the album lacks everything for its title.",0,1,"Nov 26, 2010"
5,"she show everyone that she can sing but her voice not suit for rock. she should stick with her pretty pop-dance songs. this album is okay but not good.",0,1,"Feb 21, 2011"
10,"Great album! Ashley it's so awesome this time: great songs, great lyrics and a beautiful voice.. Even the photoshoot looks good, she's pretty and talented.. Her best album!",0,1,"May  4, 2012"
1,"Tisdale's sophomore album sounds as if it arrived to pop, two years two late. The production all sounds recycled. Perhaps if she weren't scraping the bottom of the Dr. Luke  Max Martin barrel for b-sides so pathetic, not even Skye Sweetnam or Fefe Dobson recorded them. 'Hot Mess' is perhaps the best and most original track, in that it cheekily describes Tisdale's desperation in an autobiographical lyric play. But still, grasping for originality in a track straight from the gutter out of Avril Lavigne's do not record pile.  Tisdale has no identity, and will remain unknown in the music world, aside from playing Sharpay Evans on High School Musical.",0,1,"Sep  1, 2013"
9,"Ashley Tisdale's first album 'Headstrong' started off in a rough spot commercially. Either no one took the time to hear it, or Ashley didn't take the time to promote it fully with shooting of 'High School Musical 2' around that same time. Afterwards, she made up the rest of the promo duties in October of 2007. After earning a Gold certification at 471,000 copies sold, it didn't make a giant impact. But it wasn't a disaster like we quickly assumed considering that it sounded similar to the failed debut album that Diana DeGarmo put out.
Now in the year 2009, Ashley might have went to the same hairstylist that DeGarmo had and came out a brunette. But that's not her only change. Her second album 'Guilty Pleasure' takes on the pop/rock sound with the electrorock subgenre, which was different from the first album. With the exception of the Timbaland-ish 'Crank It Up', the entire album is jammed in the middle between the Hilary Duff/Lindsay Lohan teen rock from Disney's past and the Miley Cyrus/Selena Gomez electronic pop/rock from Disney's present.
The 'High School Musical' breakout, whose vocals still aren't as powerful as Demi Lovato's, sounds scattered on 'It's Alright, It's OK'. Limping from note to note to high note and sounding like Kidz Bop covering 'So What', the album's first single doesn't make a giant mistake like it wanted to. As much as she tries to show her growth, the vocals sound constrained, and the amazement is not there. Tisdale hasn't even gotten a handle on the slow ballads yet. On 'What If', she struggles to shake off the Broadway pitch for 'American Idol' judge Kara DioGuardi's soft tune. It comes across as an outtake from the 'High School Musical 3' soundtrack as well as a sequel to the wobbly ballad 'Unlove You' from her debut album.
When listening to the lyrics on 'Hair', those who miss the blonde ambition she had with Sharpay Evans and Maddie from 'The Suite Life of Zack & Cody' will find it hard to endure through the full song. Also sounding like a bad pun, 'Hot Mess' is a decent track, but considering what didn't impress already, the album could have been either summed up as a hot mess or made into a more appropriate title for this album until the rest of the album is played.
Listeners are prone to doubt the potential of Disney stars but have never counted out Ashley. As you listen to 'Overrated' you can somehow identify it as a top 40 ready smash that would have made a better first single than 'It's Alright, It's OK'. Ashley could have also substituted in 'Masquerade'. This radio-friendly jam sounds pitchy when sung live, but it gives Ashley room to grow as a vocalist. She comes out swinging toward the end of the album with knockouts like 'Me Without You' and 'Switch'.
In a typical discussion, Tisdale is often labeled as the fabricated Disney tycoon instantly, but Tisdale's showbiz record has less in common with everyone else than anyone takes the time to notice. While she had her first encounter with Disney at the regular starting age of 13, her first appearance in a Disney product was in the 1998 Pixar film 'A Bug's Life'. While every other Disney star was still a teenager at their breakthrough, Tisdale turned 21 when 'High School Musical' took off. While all of her good Disney friends got record deals from Hollywood Records, Ashley made a bold decision by signing to Warner Bros. Records. It may not get her videos on YouTube due to the label's feud with that website, but they supported every decision Ashley went with. Most of these songs flow better than the first single, and she finishes this round feeling like a champion.",0,1,"May  4, 2014"
8,"Critics again show their unfair biases in bashing what is a good pop album. It's very state of the art stuff with memorable tunes. The only weakness is Ashley's vocals, but she gets by on personality.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2009"
10,"AMAZING! is her best album yet! the songs are true original songs.. is the cd that i can listening everyday.. her style is much better now! the album is just perfect.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2009"
0,"Garbage if you are over the age of 12 or not a pedophile like conquer the world.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2009"
8,"There are a half dozen songs on the album that are pretty good. While her sound is probably more appealing to teens, some of the lyrics are pretty adult. She needs to get rid of the teen pop sound and develop an adult pop sound so her lyrics and sound are in sync.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2009"
10,"#1 on itunes for a reason, this album has fantastic melodies, great production, and tisdale has likable charisma as a vocalist. A perfect pop album, don't listen to the critics let them continue to listen to obscure crap like grizzly bear, For the rest of us normal people that actually like music that is catchy and well produced you can't go wrong with Tisdale.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2009"
5,"Honestly, it's better than most albums churned out by Disney stars, but it still feels engineered, almost unorganic. It feels like her producers didn't bother to grace her with their best work, like she wasn't good enough for it. While she doesn't have Kelly Clarkson-huge pipes, her voice is still decent, maybe one more shot can finally prove that her music might not be so guilty a pleasure.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2010"
8,"She made progress from her previous effort. She sounded more edgier and rock-y. And she's comfortable that way. But, maybe the ballads still need something more. The Upbeats helped it mesh together well.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2012"
0,"That sucks! OMG, how can anyone hear it? Never buy guilty pleasure, you will regret it! A copy of other mixed albums for other singers. Extremely loud and annoying.",0,0,"May 29, 2014"
0,"horrible, generic and honestly everybody who buy this album wait more than this, this is one of the most horrible album of a disney/ex-disney star can make",0,0,"May 29, 2014"
0,"This album is crap!! The music is so annoyed, shes far away from 'The fame'. This is an unforgettable album, it sucks!! Don't buy it, you won't regret!!",0,0,"May 29, 2014"
6,"Guilty Pleasure  um bom lbum Pop/Rock, mas no chega a ser excelente. Algumas faixas so muito descartveis e cansativas, como Hot Mess e Tell Me Lies, que em minha opinio so as piores do lbum. Mas aqui Ashley mostra que tem muito talento e pode fazer muitos albuns melhores daqui pra frente. As melhores faixas do CD so Hair, Acting Out e Masquerade.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"this is the album of my life Crank It Up outsell all your faves singles so shut the **** up because Tisdale's the QUEEN OF POP, who's Madonna, Britney, Aguilera, Gaga and Kelly Key  near Ashley Tisdale? This album should have a note 100, at least.",0,0,"May 24, 2015"
0,"No!!! This album is a disgrace to the music industry! Sad that this even comes under music! Ashley, your career is over!! Don't even try to release more music please",0,0,"Jan  3, 2015"
8,"Not their best, but they have put out consistently good albums since the eighties and occasionally very good ones, (Minor Earth, Major Sky). You know what you're in for as soon as you know who the band is, so put preconceptions aside and go along for the ride. They make pop records as good as anyone today.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2009"
8,"Come back of 2009.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
10,"A brilliant album - not a return to form because the last three albums have all been stunning. For those unitiated into the warm world of human emotion that is recent a-ha, check out the songs 'Lifelines' 'Analogue', 'Fine Blue Line', 'Barely Hanging On', 'Birthright' and on this wonderful album, the let's get out of this place forever right now romanticism of 'Foot of the Mountain', 'What There is' and 'Riding The Crest'. Synthpop, along with La Roux (not a comparison, a compliment), along with the Friendly Fires, has never been so good in the 00's.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2009"
8,"This album is much better than her debut album. Better writing, better vocals, better everything. Best song on the album is 'Let It Rain'. Check it out.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"Very nice album. Certainly better than her debut. The only song that isn't too catchy for me is Faith. For the rest the album has the perfect mix of uptempo tracks and ballads.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2009"
10,"Poptastic album! Very radio-friendly.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"Such a great album! better than her debut album. The electro/dance songs (S.O.S, Emergency) are HOT. The Cure's a beautiful ballad, a great combination of Leona's & Kelly's style.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
9,"I dont know why so many bad reviews. Serious, Im not a hysteric fan or even a fan of Miss Spark, but this album really got me. Im listening right now, and Im really enjoying the songs. The midtempos and ballads are great! Love her voice, catchy hooks, great melodies. Well... its an album that you can easily listen and makes you feel good. Don't Ler It Go To Your Head, Battlefield, Wlaking On Snow, No Parade and Let It Rain are the best! Gotta love it.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
7,"Its a very good album...You can easily listen to it all the way through without being bored!",0,0,"Aug 25, 2009"
9,"This is certainly a step-up from her debut album. Battlefield is one of the best pop albums from the past couple years. You can listen to the album from track 1 to 12 without having to skip a song. Jordin's vocal soar from track to track & the production is strong but not over-powering. Stand out tracks are Battlefield, Don't Let It Go to Your Head, It Takes More, Watch You Go, No Parade and Was I The Only One. I would definitely recommended this album.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2010"
8,"The uptempo tracks are somehow mediocre but I must say that the ballads are really touching. She is ready to be the next princess of rhythm and blues with this album.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"The Swedish band I was listening to when you stepped into my 'office' was Peter Bjorn and John. The song was called 'Young Folks'. I wish I could erase you from my mind. Not a minute goes by when I don't think about you.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2011"
6,"Demi's second album is a sequel to her debut effort, but in a more original way, she's not relying on the Jonas Brothers anymore, she's showing herself off this time. It's her image, it's her album, it's got her ambitions on it, and listening to it you can tell what she wants to be: a big star. Sometimes she sounds like a Kelly Clarkson wannabe, but even as a wannabe she's great.",2,2,"Dec 16, 2012"
6,"Worst album Demi Lovato, all prefer it but I can not really like the majority of the songs on this album, the only good part is that 'Got Dynamite' the best song of Demi's in it, but the other songs are boring, is a attempt fail to be a rock.
Highlights: Got Dynamite and U Got Nothing On Me
Lows: So Far So Great and Everything You're Not",2,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"So goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood",2,2,"Sep 20, 2015"
10,"melhor album teen ,demi e a mais talentosa das teens e merece ,esse album mostra exatamente isso ,apenas no aguardo do seu proximo album ,alem de ser a mais talentosa das cantoras teen da atualidade ela consegui captar oque e musica de verdade nao as musicas farofentas de cantoras como selena gomez e ariana grande que so sem importam em vender",1,1,"Apr  4, 2015"
9,"Melhor que uns Unbroken ai.......................................................................... s coloquei os pontos por causa do negcio de 150",1,1,"May  3, 2015"
10,"Eu amo muito esse album da Demi, posso dizer que  um dos melhores trabalhos de ex-Disneys. Amo as batidas pop rock nas quais ela se aventurou, e mostrou sua voz e sua capacidade. Podemos ver que o lbum prope o Lovato  que quer mostrar. As melhores faixas so U Got Nothing On Me e Got dinamite. Bom, pra mim, soa como Kelly Clarkson mais nova, realmente adorei. Parabens, Demi.",1,1,"Oct 10, 2015"
4,"For Disney, not bad. For everything else... Ehh. While Lovato's vocals are impressive, her songwriting skills are not. She obviously fell into the 'Lala Machine'. Listening to Don't Forget and then Here We Go Again is like listening to two different artists. She needs to figure out who she is if she wants to succeed in this industry.",2,3,"Oct 21, 2010"
10,"Amoo esse Album  sambixta o Melhor album da carreira da demi,S que os musicas que escolheram pra fazer clipe sos,HWGA  otimo mais RD poupe-me ta pedindo pra flopar,mais fora isso ta otimo o Album",1,2,"Oct 28, 2012"
0,"that's what fans call ' teen bible ' ????? I hope you're joking, 'cause this album is nothing good, spare me right ... improve Demi Lovato!!! ........",1,2,"Feb 28, 2015"
0,"Just Not Worth Listening To. She Needs To work on the songwriting process a lot more.",1,5,"Oct 19, 2009"
0,"This is pure garbage.",0,4,"Jul 23, 2009"
10,"Demi Lovato is mature, i love this album yyy vote for 10, is very Great, and Unbroken and Don't Forget too, vote for 10 10, and Loves Demi qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq",0,1,"Sep 25, 2011"
10,"This Album is perfeeeeeeeeect, brazil and world love her. The Pop/Rock in this girl is amazing, she know write a song and sing like a angel. She deserve more and more, i think she is in the right way to be a big popstar",0,1,"Dec  3, 2012"
10,"Melhor Cantora Da Disney.
O Segundo Album 'Here We Go Again'  To Bom Quanto O Primeiro.
Top De Here We Go Again
1-Solo
2-Here We Go Again
3-Stop The World
4-Remember Dezember
5-Gift Of A Friend
6-Everything You're Not
7-Falling Over Me",0,1,"May 25, 2013"
9,"Demi Lovato is tremendously talented as a vocalist, and her personality shines through her music, creating a sense of pure fun and excitement, even when the subject matter is gloomy. So far, I don't think anything on this album matches up to the powerhouse 'Get Back' single from her debut disc -- truly one of the all-time great female pop vocal performances -- but as a whole, this is a stronger effort. Interesting to compare Lovato's acting persona, which is very much that of a young teenager, with her musical one, which is far more adult and worldly. I like to think the latter is the 'real' Demi.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2009"
10,"This is an amazing album, and it certainly deserves a 10. This is an album that has aspects of so many different genres, such as jazz, pop, rock, and even a celtic-type tune, but this album is tied together by Demi's amazing vocals and her witty lyricisms. One thing is sure with this girl: Demi is not you're average Disney teen, she is so much better than her 'competition'.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
10,"This album gave me goosebumps on how good it was its a really amazing album!",0,0,"Aug  5, 2009"
9,"Really a great sophmore album, a really refreshing amount of real talent and more varity than the Jonas brothers whose songs all seem to run together (this is coming from a Jonas fan- truly). I believe that she is the best thing Disney has, and much more wholesom than Miley (plus, Miley CAN'T act- although she can sing ok). My faves from this album: World of Chances Quiet Catch Me Solo Here We Go Again Stop the World and all the rest are all super amazing too, but these are my faves. Plenty of 'I got cheated on and now I am super POed' songs on this album, very strong girl for those, butg also the whole 'I have been hurt I 'm not sure if i want to do this all over again' thing too. Very good Her beautiful voice is very versatile and the different musical genres and song types and subjects do not sound forced at all. Buy it!!",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
7,"Better than her 1st album. Love it.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"Most talented vocalist her age and certainly above all the other Disney kids. True album from a true artist!",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
9,"Demi Lovato might be corny but one thing she does have a lot, an amazing voice that brings corny to you, and a good one. Her latest single, Skyscraper is a ode to this. You can see her latest video in this link:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gChclSktL4Enjoy and let your emotions flow and go.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2011"
10,"This album is impressive! Demi Lovato's songwriting is genious and the production is amazing, some songs can be very dark and depressing musically and some can be really happy and will make you wanna dance and that's what I like about 'Here We Go Again': It gives like a bittersweet feeling that really works for me. Overall, this album deserves a 10.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2012"
9,"Um dos melhores lbuns que ouvi em 2008, e at hoje. Ainda mais levando em conta se tratar de uma obra realizada por uma jovem, para jovens. As letras so magnficas, com destaque para Catch Me. World of Chances tambm merece uma meno, assim como Remember December, Quiet e Got Dynamite.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Best Demi Lovato's album for me, she sounds really mature. It's crazy to know that she wrote so many good songs when she was only 17/18 years old. 'World Of Chances', 'U Got Nothin' On Me' and 'Catch Me' are great examples.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2013"
8,".fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg.fdgfdgfgdfgfgfdgfgfdg",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
4,"PT (BR): No esperava mais aps ouvir o seu antecessor 'Don't Forget', um lbum meia-boca com msicas pobres em qualidade e uma sonoridade nojenta, uma mdia verde inacreditvel. Com certeza, a faixa mais injustiada do lbum que merecia destaque como single eram 'Got Dynamite' e 'Solo'. Fora estas, as nicas ouvveis so 'Gift Of A Friend', 'Everything You're Not' e a melhor do lbum e segunda melhor da carreira que d ttulo ao mesmo, 'Here We Go Again', esse lbum  uma vergonha. Um pouco mais razovel que o Don't Forget, com certeza. Porm continua um manifesto de lixos sonoros, impossvel acreditar que a criadora deste lbum  a proprietria de lbuns como o 'Unbroken' e o 'DEMI'.
EN (US): I did not expect more after hearing its predecessor 'Do not Forget' a half-assed album with poor music quality and a nasty sound, an unbelievable green average. Certainly, the most wronged track on the album that deserved prominence as were single 'Got Dynamite' and 'Solo'. Apart from these, the only ouvveis are 'Gift Of A Friend', 'Everything You're Not' and the best of the album and second best career that gives title to it, 'Here We Go Again, this album is a shame. A little more reasonable than the Do not Forget, for sure. But still a manifest sound waste, impossible to believe that the creator of this album is the owner of albums like 'Unbroken' and the 'DEMI'.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
2,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
10,"o melhor lbum da carreira da demi. composies incrveis e ela no usa tantas high notes nas msicas.  um lbum bom pra todos os momentos, as instrumentais so maravilhosas. sdds dessa demi",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"One of the best teen albums in my opinion, is something enjoyable to hear, sounds like an anthem, loved, very kind, I recommend you listen.  omg omg omg",0,0,"Oct  9, 2015"
10,"Melhor album teen, dona do mundo resto tudo empregadinhos demi rainha vcs s vcs mesmo. aprendam uma coisa demi comea com d de Deus n pode ser coincidncia",0,0,"Oct 10, 2015"
10,"I Would Say it is a very good album taking a whole different meaning and going more acoustic and mid tempo and being more lyrical on the songs on the album. This album goes her being more original and more personal with everything she is experiencing has she was able to solely write a songs 'Catch Me' which it has become a fans's favorite tune to listen to no matter what how many years has pased. this album is one of the few album i can listen to anytime and not get bored it and not get tired of listening to it. years can go by and i will still enjoy listening the album.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Pisou viado, um dos melhores sim, verde com primeiros albuns  pra poucas, esse  mais um dos albuns que escuto me sentindo um rockeiro e no pulo nenhuma msica, bjs da titia, Demi.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"It's one of the bests albuns I've ever heard. This album is so good.. talks about love, desilusion, and others things. It's a work of art. So good, Demi did it very well :)",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Demi Lovato's second best album, what a treasure. She showed the world that she is the Queen of Pop Rock, with amazing lyrical masterpieces and killer vocals. Super catchy songs and great production, in love  with the massive incorporation of guitar riffs.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
7,"I actually think this album is really good, considering it's a 'Disney' album. But people will pay dust because of that exact reason. An album by a 16 year old Disney girl. I also feel, or even know, that she's a main contributor in this album, unlike most of her peers. A main writer and composer, and chose the musical direction for this album and its ideas. Not to mention that she has powerhouse vocals, an amazing singer (specifically referring to this album). A lot of fantastic songs with a special and mature sound for her age. All songs are meaningful, including the upbeat ones which is not very common in mainstream pop music. Anyways, I don't listen to it anymore but I do believe it's a very good album.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
7,"it is not that bad for a 2 nd album. their are songs which I really enjoyed listening to and some are a bit mehh but I recommend you to listen to it if you especially like pop/rock song.
my score:
1.Here we go again 9/10
2.solo 7/10
3.U got nothin' on me 9/10
4. falling over me 7/10
5. quiet 6/10
6. catch me 9/10
7. every time you lie 7/10
8. Got dynamite 10/10
9. Stop the world 7/10
10. world of chances  8/10
11. remember December 8/10
12. everything you're not 7/10
13. gift of a friend 9/10
14. so far so good 6/10
overall: 77.8",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
7,"All You Did Was Save My Life sounds very much like their previous latest radio friendly singles (Somewhere Out There, Innocent, Thief), but it isn't necessarily a bad thing. The rest is more experimental, not the way Spiritual Machine was, but still a mile away from most of their work. Most of these songs sound great and consist in good poetry with melodic music. There are also some bits that remind me of Raine Maida",0,0,"Jul 30, 2009"
7,"Good but not as great as Naveed or Clumsy. I live in the past.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2009"
9,"Critics who grade music as a career are people who have lost touch with reality and are so biased towards what music they like, that when music comes by that is actually good, they fail to recognize it.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
9,"Not all music is required to be nor should it be some artistic journey. The critics that have forgotten this may have forgotten that if all cars were red it would be the blue car that is most desirable. Chris Daughtry writes grown up music that is enjoyable un-offensive and radio friendly. That is an art that has almost been lost on the bandwagonesque airwaves of the Mcmega radio stations. Rock on Chris, Thanks for losing on Idol!.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2009"
9,"How can you say this album is bad??? I feel this album is a very good follow up album. Great job Daughtry!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
5,"I tried to like this, I really did, but it is pretty bland, a lot of well-used hook and cliched lyrics, although the band had some energy (even if was wasted on the uninspiring material). I think someone said unoffensive? There is a lot of unoffensive music out there, I don't think we should define them all as instant classics.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
0,"Daughtry make me long for Huey Lewis and the News. Huey Lewis and the News make me feel like I have no other option than to park on a railway line and wait for the end to come. Only to find that as I turn on the radio to listen to just one final song I can only receive one station. Playing Daughtry for ever. And my CD players broken. And I wish I had thought this through. But its to late. The trains coming. And the drivers listening to Daughtry. As he mows me down. To Daughtry. Ringing in my ears as I'm jettisoned to Hell. I'm coming home.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
9,"It has a similar sound as his debut cd but the lyrics are much more deep and heart felt on this cd. Open your eyes is a touching song about life after death. Beautifully written.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2009"
4,"I see that Chris has talent and a nice voice (even though sometimes he overdoes it and it kinda sounds like...well, a billy goat!). I enjoyed his first album, but by no means did I think it was amazing. Listening to this album proves that his style hasn't changed much, which is a little bit unfortunate because the band has talked about the work and changes they put into this album. Maybe their third album will improve.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2009"
10,"A very excellent sophomore album for Daughtry, and a good continuation to what hopes to be a long discography. I'd recommend it for Rock fans everywhere.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
6,"Andrew N. says critics are so wrapped up in their world they dont recognize good music. Well, even though Leave This Town is a decent cd, the critics who rate it low make some valid points. It IS predictable and the lyrics do tend to get a bit overwrought. You cant expect a cd that sits neatly beside so many other artists to be well received by all the critics. You have to offer something fresh, new, ambitious, and relevant to receive high marks universally. Daughtry offers very good singing that is certainly heartfelt, but the music is not a challenge to digest. Decent album, but not award worthy.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
10,"Honestly if you like the album you shouldn't care what critics say. They are paid to give serious reviews of an album not. 'Oh my god I love this album' They are paid to go and listen to the music and compare it to other people's music. And yes compared to a bunch of albums that have come before it of course you can expect the kind of reviews you've seen. DAUGHTRY entered the world at a time where everything he's done has been done before him.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
8,"I personally thought this album was better than the first. I liked that it had a heavier sound to it than their first one.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2009"
0,"Or maybe, critics have just heard better music and have a larger variety outside the top twenty on the radio.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
1,"Andrew N. has apparently lost touch with good taste. Critics sometimes tend to review albums with a heavy hand, that much is true, but its sad that there are still people out there who defend the most hamfisted and tired cliches in music. This sounds like so many albums that came before it, it almost feels like Daughtry is pandering. Pretty bad and boring material overall and he still sings like a billygoat.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
10,"This album ROCKS! Daughtry is here and here to stay. I agree with Andrew N. Critics are biased towards the music that they prefer. This album has it all -- throw backs to the original, some great hard rock, and a little country feel to show their diversity in the industry. Keep brining on the best guys!",0,0,"Jul 17, 2009"
9,"Excellent Album. Keep on Rocking Daughtry. Some critics are so snobbish you can only laugh.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
3,"Except for 'Tenneesee Line', nearly all the other songs sound the same. One gets bored after listening to 4-5 songs at a stretch.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
6,"Just another rock album, not a great one,not a bad one either. It contains some really good song with some very average songs. Daughtry is better when he sings hard-rocks and power-ballads rather than regular ballads. Good-luck for daugtry,he got lots of potentials.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
8,"This album offers more of the same.  Angst-filled lyrics, crunchy guitar riffs, and pounding drums.  While I would normally cry foul against this, I have to admit I'm glad I listened to it.",0,0,"May 22, 2014"
9,"Absolute enjoyment.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
9,"The best cricket album ever. Wondeful tunes. Especially the Ball of the Century one.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2009"
8,"I don't know what some of the reviewers' problems are here. It's just a great pop album -- nothing more, nothing less. Jeff Lynne is incredibly jealous right now.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2009"
9,"Incredible. I can't believe how addictive the music is. Must own.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2009"
7,"I'm not really a big fan of cricket so i don't get all the references but this remains a decent album with some great tunes.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2009"
9,"Regardless of the subject matter, if Neil Hannon has a hand in it, you would do well to listen.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2009"
10,"There's a great idea and a half suicide beyond the publication of a concept album about cricket in the year 2009. However, the challenge is taken and won: every single song has a per-s musical background, resulting in a history in perfect 70s concept-style, enjoyable also by the non cricket-players (and especially by non-anymore-young ears). Great pop riffs/lines, superb arrangements. On the top of all this, you can even learn cricket if you didn't have the chance to (outside the irish-british world is not that common).
Special mention to 'Meeting Mr. Miandad' and 'Age of revolution', which are (not by chance) the two singles  taken from the album, but also 'The sweet spot', 'Gentlemen and players', 'Jiggery pockery'.. to make the long story short, the whole album is well structured. You'll find yourself to whistle the tunes, guaranteed!",0,0,"Jul 13, 2013"
9,"I'm not sure why the critics didn't like this more. Uses some infectious, Vampire Weekend-ish beats, harrowingly powerful (but still rock) vocals, and pretty song writing. What's not to like here?",0,0,"Jan 11, 2010"
9,"I baffled by the critic's low score for this album but then again these are the people who give Ke$ha 78, so what do they know. This album is brilliant from start to finish, highly recommended.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2010"
7,"This is a reasonably strong indie pop/rock debut - its got nice guitar work, nice vocals, good dynamics on the songs, is well recorded and slickly produced and all of this helps bring the raw material up a notch. The songs are only averagely good (as we see with the stripped down follow up 'Flaws') but its the shine and the layers put on the songs that make them a success. Opener 'Emergency Contraception Blues' is the albums most interesting track and also the highlight of the record. 'Evening/Morning' is another nice track. Other than that there are plenty of decent tracks but not many that I come back to repeatedly. There is obviously talent present within the group but the fruit of their labours vary in quality depending on the bands level of focus.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2014"
10,"Although through an initial listen this album can seem slow to ease into its potential, but once you begin to recognize the songs and listen closely to the words, you will find yourself emotionally invested in this subtly brilliant album.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
9,"I can't believe no one has reviewed this album.. It's a breezy, catchy pop album with nice melodies and the odd sample to keep things a little off-beat.  I still find myself going back to the first 3-4 tracks.  Nice!",1,1,"Nov  3, 2010"
0,"Ok guys, I admit our CD blows. We just happen to be short on some change so we had to put out a another turd. Now we made sales, we can pay for out clothes and new cars. I hope my other bros don't see this.....Or they will beat me! I love girls, I love talking to em! That's about it!",1,1,"Sep 17, 2009"
0,"This is what music has come to. It has 'I make music for the industry' written all over it. If it wasnt for computers, these guys would be, - can you believe it? - even far worse. Notice how these are not the usual critics for these newspapers/review sites: meaning these sites looked really hard for a reviewer who liked this stuff probably because they were coerced my the music industry.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2009"
0,"the meaning of zero...! another   teenage **** you kidding me !!!? And the exiting part is that their fans are even more annoying !!!  All thanks to disney for giving us this geniuses...!",0,1,"Oct  8, 2010"
0,"I'm gonna be honest, didn't listen to a single song beside the single, and that was all i needed to give this a 0.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
0,"Pure, utter drivel from a band that is everything wrong with music.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2009"
0,"Brilliant.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
0,"In 3 years all of their cds will be in landfills. disposable, useless music. Disney, may God have mercy on your soul.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
0,"Just terrible.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2009"
9,"A near perfect pop record that has truly shown the band mature in only a year. It's just a shame that many will dismiss the record purely based on bias feelings towards disney and hollywood records. For those ready to knock this album before actually listening to it, close your eyes and forget everything associated with the band- be it the disney owned record label, their commitment to not use drugs or have pre-marital sex- just forget it all as it has NOTHING to do with the quality of the music being produced. This is a fine pop record and at times reminiscent to some of the classic pop songs put out by Madonna and Michael Jackson in the 1980's. One of 2009's most underrated and under appreciated records.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"I absolutely love this album especially black keys, and fly with me.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
0,"The Jonas Bros have no talent whatsoever. They populairity is based on money and wealth and not on talent.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
10,"Hottest band on the planet. Puts everything else happening in music at the moment to shame. Top release of 2009 easily. These boys are so dreamy and they sing so amazingly from their hearts. All you people who dismiss the greatness of this album and band are like totally losers. Jonas Brothers Forever! x0x0",0,0,"Jun 18, 2009"
0,"Okay I admit these pieces of shit can play instruments, well chords, fucking Kevin acting like it is aguitar solo when he plays 3 chords. Fuck him, Joe squeking his voice thinking he is hitting it. and Nick well fuck him he thinks he is so unfortunate for having diabetes piece of shit other people have it too. He also says he can play drums he is playing cymbsal snare with a crash cymbal every chorus. This is not fucking music. I want The Beatles AC/DC Led Zeppelin The cure The Police Cheaptrick, and people like Vampire Weekend and the Killers the Kooks to be todays music not this please lil girls wake the fuck up.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2009"
0,"This is what happens when we let children buy things: talentless hacks sell enough records to stay in business.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2009"
0,"Absolute crap and a disgrace to the music industry.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
8,"The Jonas Brothers may not have respect from some critics, but this album really follows up ot last album abd possibly making this their best album.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
10,"I think this album is great and it really shows how much the jonas brothers are musically and emotionally growing.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2009"
0,"Fucking Trash. The Jonas Brothers are a perfect example of why the state of music today is in shambles.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2009"
10,"I loved it. Or, more like i love it. I caan't stop listening to it over and over again!! I especially love black keys, because the lyrics are different. I didn't really like 'don't charge me for the crime', 'don't speak' (thought the beginning was good, and the verses, just not the hook), and 'turn right'. They seemed a little forced. 'Before the storm' only annoyed me before i actually listened to it. I was like 'Oh, wow. Seriously? Miley Cyrus?'. But it was so emotional that I couldn't help but love it.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2009"
0,"F**K THESE A$$HOLES!!! They have brought nothing but shame to the pop genre! They should be called the Jonas Sisters, because these vocally talentless dorks sing through their f**king noses and it makes them sound like little girls! Their lyrics are the lowest form of syrupy sh*t and they can't play the guitar worth a damn. F**k, this sh***y album makes even Britney Spears's Circus album look good! If you want good pop music, try The Fame by Lady Gaga or anything by Lily Allen. Stay the hell away from this goopy teen-pop sh*t. These 'brothers', if they really are boys, need to get a life and get out of the music industry.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2009"
0,"I believe this band is rubbish, they blister my ears. I hate the constant streams of power chords, whiny voices which without the aid of computer technology would probably be even worse. Yes, without computers these guys would be even worse! I am a fan of Lamb of God, Devildriver and bands such as. These guys claim themselves as pop-rock right? what an embarrassment to rock. Their lyrics are mindless, gimicy and just typical. Megateen Sr. : 'Puts everything else happening in music at the moment to shame'. Is this how they managed to get 61 and not 100? The amount of records they have produced since they were known to the world shows they have put no thought into things and you girls, who are depressed teenage girls who get bullied at school, cry over dudes who don't date you and get low scores in your music tests are the reason these CURSES to music stay in business.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2009"
10,"Overall, i thought that this CD was better than the last. It shows how much they are growing and how talented they are. I love it.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2009"
0,"Rubbish. Go listen to Merriweather Post Pavillion or Aeroplan Over the Sea if you want to listen to real music. Watch as no one but obsessive teenage girls give them 10s. I almost feel sorry for said girls for having subdued to trash like this.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
7,"They grew up... and fast. This album is the most solid ever made not just by them, but also by any Disney artist. It could sounds strange or even a little innapropiate, but they made amazing music and they are just getting better and better. They finally found their place in the world.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2012"
0,"Do you wanna know the truth? Jonas brothers never could be called by a boyband. They will never get it, I'm so sorry for their fans. lalalalalalalalalalalalalala",0,0,"May 22, 2013"
0,"Worst... Band... Ever...
This album sucks And It's even worse than their previous albums, i'm glad what those guys disbanded! I Can't stand it anymore!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2014"
8,"Strong if not perfect throughout. Both the lead and the music/production are bringing their game strong - makes it happen. Agreed the PItchfork review is off-kilter - Miike Snow's strength is the awesome moments of synthesis they make, combining organic and synthesized - P-fork seems to come out of the gate with an expectation and when MS doesn't fulfill it, it gets knocked for it.",2,2,"Aug 19, 2009"
9,"Well crafted, deliciously melodic. Those Pitchfork boys missed the point on this one (not cool to enjoy yourself anymore according to some). Easily more hits than misses and for me this this album is delightful.",1,1,"Jul 16, 2009"
9,"An extremely well made and creative record, a true hidden gem!",1,1,"Aug 25, 2009"
7,"Was recommended to me by a friend and I really like about 3/4 of the album... had no idea about his pop connections but this album is worth checking out definitely! Fave track: Burial.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
9,"An outstanding album with several fantastic songs, they have a tellent  for bending several genres into one song without it sounding thinly spread or just a bunch of noise their song are unique yet still viable to a wide audience.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2011"
8,"http://www.manikmusic.net/reviews/miike-snow-happy-to-you/After three long years, Miike Snow finally release their highly anticipated album entitled Happy To You. The album is nothing but an absolute goldmine with Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg",0,0,"Apr  1, 2012"
6,"Miike Snow is a Swedish indie pop band that on the album 'Happy To You' collected europop, pretty good songs - which quickly caught in the ear. Group mainly and in largely part uses synthesizers,  instrumental samples and muffled vocals - which in total gives us a carefree songs that are catchy.  It is worth noting 'Pretender' or single 'The Wave'.",0,0,"May 13, 2012"
8,"I like the beat and the melody, the music is great and I am able to listen to it a million times over. Miike Snow has great music overall. I would recommend this to anyone.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2013"
10,"It is an incredible album... I love it...  she really showed that she can do any types of music from pop to alternative... she is really growing to the better... :)",1,1,"Oct 14, 2011"
8,"Great sing a long. Although I do feel that some of the songs could have been chunkier. It's going to be a great album to get me through my upcoming exams.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2009"
10,"Wish you wouldn't have dropped the CD 5 points over the Onion AV Club review - their reviews are not very good. This CD is cohesive, not overly similar. It'a a great modern take on classic rock.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2009"
10,"Mandy Moore at her best, surely evolved into a pop adult singer after the incredible 'Wild Hope'.",0,0,"May 28, 2009"
10,"WOW!!!!! After Mandy's transformation from a pop artist to an alternative artist Mandy really hit the nail on this one.  She showed that she is growing up and leaving her past behind!",0,0,"Nov  8, 2010"
8,"I checked this band out thanks to a remix of 'Another Likely Story' by Neon Indian and I have to say the original song is beautiful and not only that but the rest of the album follows that line of tragic beauty.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
9,"Smart, fun album. 'Haarp' and 'Ledmonton' radiate wicked energy. A little on the gimmicky side with the medieval themes, so it's not for everyone, but I really dug it.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2009"
4,"So I had heard know your enemy prior to the albums release and than I started listing to it expecting them to  make something as good as american idiot and I was sure they had done that when they heard 21st century breakdown which was one of their best songs and than I listened to the rest of the album and was deviated there was only one other good song 21 guns so listing to 21st century breakdown was definitely one of the most disappointing moments in my life and I adding a extra 2 stars because of 21st century breakdown 4 out of 10",2,2,"Aug 23, 2011"
9,"Following American Idiot, Green Day have done it again with another brilliant album and story accompanied. But unlike American Idiot it is not as good. With American Idiot each song had its own specific style and personality where as with Breakdown several of the songs have the same style even to the point of sounding similar.Not as good as American Idiot but brilliant none the less!",1,1,"Feb 10, 2011"
8,"Green Day's songs are now at the point where they are all beginning to sound quite similar in almost every possible way.  At least these are enjoyable, intense pieces from another great concept album.",1,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
8,"Greenday's '21st Century Breakdown' is unpredictable and epic in every sense. The songs are good and has a smell of rock. Overall a great package,  but 'American Idiot' was better.",1,1,"Nov 10, 2011"
8,"21st Century Breakdown is highly underrated. If it had not been American Idiot's follow up album it would have been recieved in a much better light. The album is not as good as American Idiot but it has a plethora of great songs that go from wonderfully composed pieces of music to extremely simple and catchy songs.",1,1,"Sep 27, 2012"
7,"Is not a punk album, but it's still catchy, 21st Century Breakdown would probably be the laziest album of the band, arenas will be a bit disappointed, but some tracks will return the powerful crowd as Bullet In a Bible or as the breakout Dookie",1,1,"May  1, 2016"
9,"I must say, in terms of sound quality and consistency, that this is one of the finest rock albums ever produced, as well as another Green Day masterpiece on par with American Idiot.
The sonic tone, with the ever-familiar aftertaste of ardent punk, manages a successful splice with stadium rock that allows for both fun, catchy songs ('Horseshoes and Handgrenades', 'Know Your Enemy'), as well as more grandiose tunes that soar to heroic heights ('21 Guns', 'Last of the American Girls') and tug on the heartstrings of the listener, as well as a few tracks that bring out the best of both worlds ('East Jesus Nowhere', '21st Century Breakdown'). The band has never sounded as good as they have on this album, not even on American Idiot in which they were still experimenting with their shift into rock opera territory and still had an overwhelming punk flavor. For some reason I skipped over this album and went straight to the Uno/Dos/Tre trilogy after finishing American Idiot, and the clean, clipped sound of the guitar on those albums just didn't do it for me. But where those albums failed, Breakdown exponentially succeeds as a perfect blend of sugar, spice, and everything nice.
The themes and story of the album have received some criticism, and while I agree that the storyline isn't as focused as Idiot's, it doesn't need to be--rather, it functions more like a collection of short stories than a novel. Christian and Gloria function as the primary characters, but rather than having their tales told in a linear manner, the album's scattershot presentation of them is perfectly reflective of the album's main theme--the collapse of American (and truly, world) culture during the modern age. External forces such as religion and politics are attacked with force and vigor alongside internal ones such as a growing sense of insecurity and alienation, the feeling that the lives of individuals don't carry as much weight as they did even twenty years ago.
The juxtaposition between Christian and Gloria is one of the most interesting things the album has going for it, in my opinion--Christian, struggling to be good for Gloria while still battling with his own demons, and Gloria, who is placed upon a pedestal as an example to and a light for the masses scrambling in the dark for answers and purpose--and the characters are highly self-reflective of frontman Billie Joe Armstrong and his wife Adrienne. Armstrong's battles with substance abuse are well-known in the music community, while Adrienne is his rock, the visual representation of the ideals which he believes are the best humanity has to offer (self-admittedly, 'Last of the American Girls' was written with Adrienne in mind), and he dramatizes and romanticizes the struggles they endure every day in order to create a lasting, rallying battle cry for the people of the US, and the world.
In closing, 21st Century Breakdown is quite deserving of its Grammy Award for Best Rock Album, as it succeeds as a fun, thoughtful yet easily accessible album that offers something for rockers everywhere, on top of spreading a pretty poignant message about the dissolution of society in our day and age. 9/10",1,1,"Aug  5, 2016"
6,"If you don't like Green Day or preffered they're 90's songs, Keep reading, If you love Green Day, also keep reading. Much like the Epic American Idiot, 21st Century Breakdown is an album in the style of an rock opera, so expect this album to become a musical in the near future. While the narrative isn't as gripping as the tale of St Jimmy, The story is still strong, half the songs are Awesome while the other half are boring as **** other than that it's a solid album, go buy it",4,5,"Mar  1, 2012"
4,"Sounds like b-sides of American Idiot and Warning. Complete lackluster display of songs.from such a great band.",2,4,"Sep 21, 2011"
3,"There are no new ideas here. Everything has been rehashed from old albums, and their lyrics are more vague and directionless than before. American Idiot was overrated, but still worth listening to. This is essentially a B-sides compilation of American Idiot, presented as the anthem collection of the century. There are a few tracks worth listening to, but I cannot recommend this album to anybody but the Top 40 worshiping masses.",2,8,"Jun 11, 2009"
0,"Boring. Anti-Climactic. It seems as thgoug Green Day didn't even try to make the songs work half as well with each other as they did on American Idiot. It gets better the more you listen to it but not much. I gave it a zero for as large a drop as possible on my vote to lower the average rating...this album should be at about a 6.",1,4,"Jul  3, 2009"
10,"Waaayyyy better than American Idiot! The songs all have a very different sound to them (aside from 21st Century Breakdown and See the Light, obviously); it feels like every song on here should be a hit single. The solos come in at a perfect time, and the lyrics are genius, although it feels like the album's subject of  war and paranoia is a bit less relatable than the subjects of loneliness and boredom in Dookie. That one's still my favorite Green Day album, but, needless to say, this one's pretty dang good, too, just in different ways.",1,4,"Jul 29, 2011"
3,"This album is very disappointing. It feels like they're just rehashing the same thing all over again. Compared to American Idiot, this is far inferior. And the irony of the title of the album coupled with its borrowing from influences long dead is just unsettling. There seems to be no direction, no boldness and most of all, no hooks. They could do so much better, and it's disheartening to see all the critics and the public largely kissing their collective asses undeservedly. Very disappointing.",0,2,"May 20, 2009"
0,"This music is total crap. I can't understand why all you IDIOT's would think this deserves a 10. It is simpy & cli.che ridden and sounds as if it was created with no thought. Maybe they like it so much because the recording co. is speading alot of payola around. There is good music out there, its just not on the radio. Wise up you stupid sponges and broaden your listening to music outside of what the recording industry wants you to .",0,2,"Oct  2, 2009"
5,"Class of 13? WTF? Basically i was in the class of 2007 and this CD makes me feel like an old fart. Aren't the guys who made this 40 or something so theyd be in the class of 1989, yet by goin on and on about the class of 2013 all the time they make anybody over the age of about 14 feel like an old fart. This annoys me Musically this album is a bit pretentious, sum41 and blink 182 are better.",0,3,"Aug 28, 2009"
0,"Green Day has lost complete focus and direction. This isn't even Green Day. They need to drop the make up, and the demographic of 12 year old rich girls who are angry at their parents. Furthermore, rolling stone gave this a 90 and Merriweather post pavilion only got a 70 from them? Total faith lost in rolling stone.",0,2,"May 16, 2009"
0,"I'm sure I'll come to think of this record as deserving of a better score than the one I'm giving it now. But listening to it now, all I can think about is how Green Day seem to be trying too hard to make a repeat performance of 'American Idiot.' After spending a considerable amount of time between making new music, I expected the band to return with something fresh. And if '21st Century Breakdown' had been released as a companion piece to their previous record in 2005, I could probably appreciate this. Anyhow, as it stands now, I don't feel like I'm hearing anything new, or particularly exciting, so here's hoping the next one is better.",0,2,"May 18, 2009"
3,"Are you kidding? Who are you people who think it is 'masterful' and 'ambitious.' It's a hollow, rehash of a great album... Nothing to say, but speaks anyway. Terrible.",0,2,"May 22, 2009"
0,"This album is exactly the same as before. Furthermore, it is tiring, repetitive and nothing new. Green Day repeated the formula of the previous album and has not brought anything new. The sound 'emo' band that continues to influence will only please some fans.",0,2,"May 24, 2009"
10,"This album is amazing! I feel its better than American Idiot in every-way. Don't understand all the mixed reviews. Its like they took what they did on American Idiot and made this album even bigger. The songs flow together perfectly and its such an epic feel on every song! My favorite album of 2009!",0,2,"Feb  1, 2011"
4,"Green day seems to have grown up too much I preferred green days old material like their unproffessional childish style like Older albums Kerplunk and Dookie and the more hardcore sound in American idiot and Warning. Good stuff back then but this album is very weak, winey, and mellow-dramatic.",0,1,"Nov  8, 2011"
6,"Well, it's nothing I haven't heard. Same riffs, but if you're new to Green Day you should try it...I feel a fan of the band would be disappointed. To compare it to American Idiot is harsh. You're either gonna love this album or hate it.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2009"
10,"Simply a great album. You can listen to this album over and over and not get tired of it. I would rate this album superior to American Idiot only because every track is superb. They are able to vary their sound and see be Greenday. Richer melodic material and deeper tonal texture woven together to form a satisfying epic album. Viva La Green Day!",0,0,"Oct 20, 2009"
10,"Amazing. Absolutely amazing. It's such a fun album to listen to, so epic. The powerful guitar riffs just make you want to jump in the air in excitement everytime you listen. Good job Green Day, you've outdone yourselves this time.",0,0,"May 18, 2009"
8,"I have read numerous reviews, some rating this album as a masterpiece, others as mediocre and others as absolutely terrible. I could write an essay about why those who think this is anything less than a good album are delusional, but I'd prefer to listen to the album again so I'll be brief. Regardless of what you think of the narrative concept or the lyrics, this alum sounds amazing. The riffs are bouncy and heavy the melodies are catchy and Billie Joe's voice sounds as good as ever. Quite simply, this album rocks.",0,0,"May 28, 2009"
10,"In my opinion, this album is among the best that this legendary band has ever recorded. Instead of going back to their roots to create an easy fan pleaser after the great success of AI, Green Day took a massive step forward and made one of the deepest and most satisfying albums ever. There is not a single track on the CD that I could pick out as being a 'filler', they are all masterpieces. And for those fans who say it is terrible because it is not like their old music, it isn't that they have lost the talent to create another purely punk record, they just don't want to. They had the desire to show their full talent and potential and this album is it.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2009"
9,"You know, it's not perfect. Some of it seems a little too familiar. Some of it's redundant. The concept is sometimes lost in the excitement and it's a little too long. But I can say, without reservations, that it's the most musically diverse and interesting album Green Day has ever made. The music is generally terrific and relevant, and practically every song here could be an individual success. Green Day hasn't just made a great collection of songs--they've made a great album. Sensational.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2009"
10,"I really like Green Day's older stuff. 21st Century, like American Idiot, is simply better than the older stuff. But it is certainly not American Idiot 2. It is actually quite different. Green Day just keeps getting better and better, and this album is simply a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2009"
8,"Great record with great songs. If only there isn't the piano, it would be better.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2009"
9,"Makes American Idiot look mediocre in comparison.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
6,"American Idiot + higher production value - musical and lyrical hooks & overall Omph! = this album It took all these years to come up with this?!",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"This album blows my mind. This is better then 'American Idiot', It seems like some of the vintage rock n roll style they adopted on 'Warning' and then ditched for 'American Idiot' has returned in some of the tracks, although it's not dominant on the same level as Foxboro Hot Tubs. Musically to my ears this album sounds like a mix of Warning, American Idiot and Insomniac with a sprinkle of Dookie, although that doesn't mean they are rehashing their previous sounds because they've built upon them and made them fresh again, they even try new things that would otherwise be considered not Green Day ... like Billie Joe singing falsetto on some of the tracks. The lyrics are great and quiet a few lines on this album will offend any person who is against free thinking, religious and an annoying conservative.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Not only is 21st Century Breakdown more ambitious than American Idiot, but genuinely a better album in general, with more ambition, more accessibility, and more depth than it's slightly 2D predecessors. An truly excellent album of stellar proportions, it blew away my scepticisms and exceeded all expectations.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Great album. Truly is. It has more diverse instrumentation than previous albums by Green Day. Also it does deserve its praise. When the worst critic review simply calls it average, it's a sign that you have something good. Besides critics have In Rainbows 40%, so no loss with a few bad seeds.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2009"
10,"A collection of great songs, it's an album with a song to everymood! It's probobly going to be a classic one, it's not punk rock any more it's classic rock. A masterpiece with ambition and very good written catchy rock songs!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2009"
8,"I'm not a Green Day fan, but I was really hooked by 21 Guns; I'll admit, it sound similar to most of they're stuff, but hey, they've found what works and they're running with it. It's not the most original sound, but it's good.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
9,"Not as good as American Idiot, but very close. I love putting this on and rolling through the whole thing in a sitting.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
4,"Pretty voice and lyrics. Not Green Day at ALL! All the songs sound similar to each other and/ or the previous album. Where is the creative ambition I read about? Furthermore, most of the songs started slow which kinda turned me off to it. The cords are generic and unexciting. Also, I'm not sure that is Billy Joe's voice, obviously it's his but with help from an auto tuner? His voice sounds electronic. Whatever, guess I'll be listening to the old stuff for now.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
10,"Great album for one major's rock band in the world!!!!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
10,"It is really good.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2009"
9,"American Idiot achieved the impossible, it made Green Day Cool and Popular and mainstream. But Does this really mean it was a great album ? No, American Idiot (in my opinion) was a bit Tacky and sounded over produced. 21st century Breakdown achieved the long awaited, to make Green Day Brilliant. The title track 21st century is a brilliant capture of 21st century life and songs like before the lobotomy and Viva la Gloria are also master pieces. there is only one BAD song on this album and that is Know your Enemy which sounds like it should have been on American idiot but worse. All together though this album is an amazing slice of Rock History.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"How can you not love this album if you don't fine but you cannot see the musical genius behind it and the complexity it is truly a masterpiece leave it to create two of the most influential and memorable albums of the decade deal with it sorry if you miss old Green Day but they have moved on and are great STILL.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2009"
10,"A masterful album! A brilliant narrative throughout the album and hugely enjoyable from start to finish!",0,0,"May 15, 2009"
8,"I'm enjoying this album right from the first listen. Does stay along the same vein as American Idiot but if it ain't broke, why fix it? Worth picking up if your a fan of the band for sure.",0,0,"May 15, 2009"
10,"21st Century Breakdown captures everything American Idiot did and more. Every song is not only catchy, but holds emotion. Listening to 21st Century Breakdown is not only a lyrical and ideological experience, but a very emotional one. Armstrong's lyrics are mostly brilliant and the record is masterfully crafted, keeping a nice pace and never leaving the listener wanting less or getting bored with the record, despite it's 18-track length.",0,0,"May 15, 2009"
10,"Remarkable Album and ambitiously delivered. Those who say this album is subpar need a history lesson in rock music. Go back to school kids. Green Day rocks with this album. Truely one of their best.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Incredible. Of course, one could argue the band are losing direction - but that does not mean this is not an epic album, simply that it is what the world is described as in Armstrong's lyrics at the moment - in chaos, varied, and downright screwed up. This is what fans of American Idiot will have been waiting for.",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
8,"The songs are superb, but I just can't understand why they have to use such a bothersome and terribly noticeable auto-tune...so annoying...He's a great singer! doesn't even need it!",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
9,"Sure they've strayed from their punk-stoner roots and drifted way into the alternative rock realm, but, hell, this new Green Day formula works, and it works well. Oh yeah, and the title track is by far the best song I've heard in years.",0,0,"May 23, 2009"
10,"I am 46 and I own 20,000+ pieces of vinyl and more than 5000 CD's. I've worked in a record store and was a nightclub DJ for 15 years. I've seen, met and gotten drunk with hundreds of bands over the years. I believe I know music pretty well. This is one of the best albums I've ever heard. Green Day followed up one of the most surprising hit albums with what I believe is an instant classic. 21st Century Breakdown will go down as one of the top 100 Rock Albums of all time. That's how good it is.",0,0,"May 24, 2009"
9,"When first listening to American Idiot i thought it would be the last Green Day studio album. Then i heard about 21st Century Breakdown. The first thought that came to mind was 'It's not going to be better than American Idiot'. But When i heard Know Your Enemy I was cautious about thinking that. I got the album the day it came out and within hearing the first 6 songs i was blown away. Green Day has not slipped up or slowed down at all for this album. From the song's like Murder City and American Eulogy that reminded me of the Dookie days to the Ballads like 21 Guns and Last Night On Earth have shown me that the band is not afraid to grow up some and change there style while still remaing punk. The album is just a masterpiece. Better Than American Idiot. Dookie is still #1 in my books but This is easilly #2.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2009"
10,"What a sweet album. The thing about it is, unlike American Idiot, people all around the world can feel with and agree with the lyrics, coz the songs could be talking about any hardship. A very mature album, definitely looking forward to what Green Day has to offer in the future.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2009"
10,"I think 21st century breakdown has great songs and great lyrics.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"Who knows what lyrics and good music really is about, will understand.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
10,"All though the ten is just to try bring the rating up I was still very impressed by the album the beginning to the songs may not be that great but by the end I'm hooked.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2009"
10,"Better than idiot one truly for the ages.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2009"
10,"How can you describe this album in one word? Epic! Easily the strongest vocals Billie has ever produced. Lyrically its the best Green Day have ever written. Though a lot of songs are steeped in metaphor and its clear that most 'pro critics' have failed to see this. Lowest point of the album has to be 'Know Your Enemy' Far too repetitive, but again it sticks to the message of the album. Strongest point of the album, probably the title track itself '21st Century Breakdown' What an opener to the first Act! Tracks that stick to mind: 21st Century Breakdown, 21 Guns, Last Night On Earth, East Jesus Nowhere, Viva La Gloria!",0,0,"May 15, 2009"
10,"Great, ambitious album. Better than American Idiot. Impressive stuff.",0,0,"May 15, 2009"
10,"It's a fantastic album with limitless appeal and not to mention the fact that Green Day have, in three years expanded their sound more than in the entire ten year stretch as the world's best Punk Rock band. American Idiot showed its intentions to be big and its execution to be even more immaculate, though where it faultered was when Billie Joe attempted to provide answers using meticulous epics such as Homecoming. In this album it sees Armstrong looking back over the carnage that the Dubbya reign brought over America and this time dosn't provide any answers. A nod to the White Houses latest occupant that he is the one who must sort out the devastation inflicted on America. This album may not give the sucker punch of a wake up call that was American Idiot but it provides us with yet another fantasic document of the times and a vivid narrative that starts to unfold before your very eyes (or should i say ears). There is no doubt about it anymore, America may still have a huge mountain to climb in the process of its restoration but in terms of Armstrong and co. they have already reached the summit.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
7,"I don't know why but this album isn't blowing me away. There isn't a single song that I don't like, but there are only two that I love: 21st century breakdown and 21 guns. A lot of the songs sound very familliar too. In my opinion, it doesn't even come close to American Idiot.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Great album, first listen didn't rock me the way I thought but after really listening it truly sounded great.",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
10,"A band without direction? Don't listen to Sputnikmusic or most of the reviews on here. Im not that much of a green day fan but omg i cant stop listening to this album. Buy it end of story.",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
10,"Something both Melodic and Bold. That is what 21st Century Breakdown has achieved. Truly a master piece in the long winding road that is Green Day. This is a must for both long time Fans and those just joining the party. Great album all around.",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
10,"21st century breakdown is green days best album!!! It sounds bigger and stronger than any rock album to come out this decade.the vocals are outstanding along with the lyrics.This band has grown so much with a little help from legendary producer butch vig.",0,0,"May 18, 2009"
7,"Rocky L - I hope you are being sarcastic. This is a good album, but it's far from 'top 100 Rock Albums of all time' territory. It certainly seems like you've got an impressive music collection, but that doesn't exactly qualify you to make statements like that. Time will tell, I suppose.",0,0,"May 28, 2009"
7,"Green Day's bast days are well-behind them, as I think the pre-breakthrough youthful energy of Dookie cannot be recaptured. That being said, this album is much better than American Idiot, a fact which much surprised me, given the banality of the lead single, 'Know Your Enemy.' I only wonder why they would choose such a blatantly repetitive song to lead a much more creative album.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
10,"It's a good with album with excellent instrumentation. My only concern is all the word crammed into one line on some of the songs.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2009"
10,"awesome",0,0,"Jul 14, 2009"
10,"This is an amaZing album with some amazing riffs and lots of catchy songs ' know your enemy ' maby not as good as American idiot but still very good also the album style has changed has more piano sections all in all 10/10",0,0,"Jul 18, 2009"
10,"Seriously. This is one for the ages. Great album.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
10,"A modern-day masterpiece.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2009"
10,"Another excellent album that has a lot to say while intertwined with great music!! Green Day still has what it takes to make you lose yourself in the lyrics and rock out to the beat! Thank you Green Day.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2010"
4,"Eh, could have been better..I only liked three songs out of the whole album. Sooo, this album was kinda disappointing. but the songs were good..only the thee I liked. Good rock n roll, but not good enough.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2010"
8,"Enjoyable to say the least. Not quite as good as American Idiot, but still very enjoyable. The great lyrics of Billie-Jo Armstrong really shine through in this one with ballads such as '21 Guns' and 'Know Your Enemy'. With the hard pounding guitar and sing-along choruses, this album is a definite crowd pleaser, but can leave older fans slightly disappointed.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2010"
6,"This is an eighteen song album and continues to the concept album but similar to American Idiot's problem, it isn't clear. We hear terms such as 'working class hero' over and over again but the problem is, it has the similar themes and ideas of American Idiot so this album does not sound fresh. It's dull and lacks anything special. Only two songs really stood out for me '21st century breakdown' and 'American Eulogy' but the only songs just seem lazy and lack ambition. Whilst those two tracks don't. It's not bad or good, it's pretty standard and beats a lot of punk at the moment. Its forgettable but its a good listen that its punishing.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2010"
7,"21st Century Breakdown is a great album and it's great to see the guys continue to expand their work into places they've never gone. However, it seems more like American Idiot: Part 2 at times and that they've taken the concept too seriously. Don't get me wrong, it has an amazing story and great songs. But as the successor to American Idiot, it would be refreshing for a few songs that were simply just fun.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2011"
4,"A thoroughly lackluster and unoriginal effort from a band who've outstayed their welcome.American Idiot was the only thing that was passable everything  before and since then has been complete trash",0,0,"Feb 19, 2011"
9,"How do you follow up the greatest album of the new millennium? You do it by releasing a rock opera that rivals American Idiot in almost every way. Now 21st Century Breakdown is nowhere close to being as good as American Idiot was, but it tries to be and does a pretty good job in the process. Green Day continues the Rock Opera in post-Bush America. Here the two protagonists (Christian and Gloria) are trying to survive as working class heros all the time trying to be corrupted by the government and religion. Billie joe and Co. have 18 solid songs here and the album is full of energy from beginning to end. There are moments of classic punk Green Day ('Christian's Inferno', 'Murder City' and 'Horseshoes and Hand Grenades') and the mature side of the band ('21st Century Breakdown', '21 Guns' and 'See The Light') Billie joe turns in his best love song in his whole career of writing ('Last Night on Earth'). 'Peacemaker' and 'Viva La Gloria (Little Girl)'has the band experimenting with middle eastern while Billie Joe shows of his new talent by playing the piano on tracks such as 'Restless Heart Syndrome' and 'Viva La Gloria'. Some of the songs are repetitive in their structure with a slow beginning and a strong finish, but that is the albums only flaw. Compared with American Idiot this album won't stand the test of time like the latter will, but taken by itself this album is just a pure Punk Rock album by one of the best bands of our time.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2011"
6,"Every Green Day album gets bashed and praised - for me Insomniac was the best so far, but sadly, Breakdown, as perfectly good for the job it is, simply never tops anything before it. I've seen most of the album performed live, and it works  well. When I saw older tracks live, they all kicked ass. I wanted to like this record, and I do, but it is truly unimpressive in light of Green Day's discography. The first (two) track(s) is/are perfectly good, and then my recollection of the track list, after listening to this album tens of times, is Know Your Enemy, which is sort of irritating, and out of place at this point in the album, iViva La Gloria!, which is a good, well orchestrated song, then mostly whiny, unremarkable drivel until the last act of the album, with self-titled first track 'Horseshoes and Handgrenades', which is an epic example of modern rock. East Jesus Nowhere, The Static Age, and 21 Guns all deserve commendation too. But, at the end of the day, this seems to be a album taped together in random order between a great opening, and a great, if re-used, ending. To look at this album in it's acts, the album's division's, just pay for act three on a legal download site, and forget about the rest - it's not worth your time. Although, if you do like Green Day, it's worth picking up (if you haven't already, for whatever insane reason)  to see the stark parallels of a band repeating their last album badly.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2011"
9,"its awesome and touching and full of hate.  green day creates a story so powerful it makes me wanna rebel against drinking coke and loving america.  green day was killing this album.  i love this album.   the lyrics were great.   i hate America just like they do.",0,0,"May 12, 2011"
10,"Most Green Day albums are awesome, but this one album changed the world for the course of 1 billion years. So epic, cool & awesome. Anyways, this makes Insomniac feel like a dictatorship. Its a great album, really.",0,0,"May 15, 2011"
10,"Not only is every song good, but they made a whopping 18 of them. Rarely do albums have this many songs, and definately not as good as these. Green day really took their time with this album, but once you hear it, u will see why",0,0,"Jun 22, 2011"
10,"This album makes American Idiot seem like the opening act.  Set in three acts and eighteen songs, it tells another story about Christian and Gloria, as well as a bit of America thrown in for good measure.  This is Green Day at its finest.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2011"
8,"I'm not sure whether a good punk rock song should be called 'catchy' (sounds too commercial?), but I know that every song from this album is nothing less than... catchy. Sometimes '21st century...' is noisy and powerful, but you can also find ballads. I expected something much more worse after 'American Idiot' and I'm pleasantly surprised.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2011"
6,"I loved American Idiot. I loved it because it was complex while being raw and thematically amazing. Green Day was really good with political songs back then. That said, I feel like this album is a bit directionless. Critics praised the political involvement of Green Day. So Green Day thought to themselves ''Hey lets make an album that's even more critical'' but really you can feel it's forced and vague at best. Where American Idiot made a point, 21st Century Breakdown tries to be melodramatic but fails.Musically, this album has some good songs. Some great ones even, like iViva la Gloria! and ?Viva la Gloria? But I do think that some of the complexity of Green Day's longer songs has been taken away and replaced with generic 4 chord music. Also, it's a bit overproduced. I liked it when there wasn't triple bass and guitar everywhere, but there were some bits where you could actually hear the guitar being fragile and unsure.Where before I would have defended Green Day against people calling their music ''cheap'' and ''too simple''/''simplistic'', here it's completely justified.Green Day, don't try to live up to American Idiot by trying too hard making everything the same as that.I heard some of the newer stuff they wrote lately and performed live and honestly it's a good development again. I hope to see an album rivaling American Idiot, while not copying it.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2011"
7,"21st Century Breakdown isn't American Idiot, and won't ever live up to the standards set by Dookie, but it still exceeds at tearing down the walls of the 21st century.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2012"
8,"Better and more songs than American Idiot, but it doesn't have any of the great plot elements of American Idiot, and feels sort of bland. Overall it's an OK album, but after the masterpiece of American Idiot, this really is a bit of a disappointment. It lacks the energy and political commentary of American Idiot, but I would still recommend it if you are a Green Day fan.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2012"
10,"A great follow-up to 'American Idiot', this album proves to yet again succeed convey Green Day's brilliant messages. '21st Century Breakdown' proves to be no disappointment.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2012"
7,"Just as I expected, Green Day wasn't able to keep up with their masterpiece 'American Idiot'. A break of almost five years didn't help, this record does not have the strong base story that its predecessor had. I could've overlooked that but next thing is, there is ONLY ONE good song! - Peacemaker. Most of the rest is pretty good, but there are also a couple of weak songs (including every released single). The rock opera flair gets lost and the whole album is not that ingenious anymore. But nonetheless, I recommend you to buy it, just 'cause you can have much fun headbanging to it.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2012"
10,"Another masterpiece by Green Day. No bad songs, only good tracks and many great songs (21 Guns, 21st Century Breakdown, Know Your Enemy, Viva La Gloria, The Static Age). Green Day do it again.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2013"
10,"Why? Can some one explain to me why this album is considered bad? And don't give me 'because its not as a good as American Idiot' or 'just because it is' crap that doesn't make sense! On its own merits, 21st Century Breakdown is a well produced, smart, and heavily re-playable album. As well, Green Day despite 5 years since American Idiot sound just as good if not better when it comes to playing the actual music. So for all of the people claiming its bad, go listen to a pretentious indie or dubstep album. I however am going to be listening to good music that takes talent to play thank you very much.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2012"
8,"If you don't like Green Day or preffered they're 90's songs, Keep reading, If you love Green Day, also keep reading. Much like the Epic American Idiot, 21st Century Breakdown is an album in the style of an rock opera, so expect this album to become a musical in the near future. While the narrative isn't as gripping as the tale of St Jimmy, The story is still strong, half the songs are Awesome while the other half are boring as  other than that it's a solid album, go buy it",0,0,"Mar 26, 2013"
10,"Although some would claim this to be inferior to American Idiot I consider to be its equal. Lyrically, Billie Joe touches upon themes of politics, religion and many lyrics are reflective of his personal life (there are no new ideas here and the concept makes no sense but it works for the most part). Musically, the songs are ridiculous over the top epics that sound like Muse if they ever did a hard rock song; the album also contains its fair share of ballads which aren't impressive but still great songs. Tre Cool hasn't really evolved his drumming skills, and Mike Dirnt is still a competent bassist, Billie Joe sticks to the punk formula of a few chords but also implements the use of piano on the record whilst ranting his way through. As good as (if not better) than American Idiot.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2013"
6,"I wasn't exactly sure how to feel about this album. Sure, some of the songs in it were hits that i still listen to, like '21 Guns' or 'See The Light' but I felt that Green Day slipped a bit on this album. It's not good, but it's not bad either. It's not American Idiot for sure, but it still deserves recognition.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2014"
10,"I seem to have an unpopular opinion when I say that 21st Century Breakdown is superior to American Idiot, and I think one reason for this is that '21st' has more.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2013"
9,"So lets get the Elephant out of the way. Yes 21st Century Breakdown isn't as good as American Idiot. American Idiot was lightning in a bottle and just like The Dark Knight Rises it's impossible to recapture that lightning. American Idiot is a masterpiece and one of the greatest albums of all time. Taken on its own merits though 21st Century Breakdown is still a great album. It's another rock opera, the arena sound comes back and there are more songs. This is one of those cases though were bigger doesn't necessarily means better. The story is weak and not easy to follow and the arena sound isn't as fun in a structured format. However once again its still a great album but has the problem of being a follow up to a masterpiece.
Notable Songs: 21st Century Breakdown, Know Your Enemy, Before the Lobotomy, Last Night On Earth, East Jesus Nowhere, Peacemaker, Last of the American Girls, Restless Heart Syndrome, 21 Guns and American Eulogy.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"......................................................................................................................... An Another Masterpiece Album of Green Day, Too Masterpiece like American Idiot (2004)",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
8,"How could Green Day manage a very well album after the breakout American Idiot? The answers are simple, firstly they rocked as **** showing its angriness and powerfulness (Horseshoes and Handgrenades, Murder City, Know Your Enemy) that they ever had, secondly melodically it's even kind of better than American Idiot (21 Guns, The Static Age) and finally the piano sounded terrific (Restless Heart Syndrome, Viva la Gloria!) The reason why I didn't give them 100% were lyrically (because it was a bit confused)
THE BEST ALBUM OF MY ADOLESCENCE!!",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"..............................................................................................................................................................................................MOPUS..........................LIKE American idiot",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"....................................................................................................................................................................Album of genius",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
10,"This album is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING and so underrated. Her sexy voice, her slow jamz, her seductive lyrics are compelling and outstanding. I wish she can get the recognition she deserves. Their is not one track on here that I dont enjoy. This album is a masterpiece.",1,1,"Dec 10, 2012"
3,"'Goodies' and '1, 2 Step' period is really far far far from her now. And we can feel it so deeply: The electronic sounds are (almost everytime) naive and badly used. No personnality. No standout track ('Never Ever' and 'Work' being very good songs though, almost standout tracks). Recyclage ('High Price' being a 'Oh!, Part 2' for example). The artists featuring on this album were predictable. Not only the artists, but the album in itself is predictable.",0,0,"May  7, 2009"
9,"Not her best, bust still works. watch out for plucker up and like a surgeon.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2009"
9,"Work and Like A Surgeon are among the best songs of the year.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2009"
8,"If this album had shown up in stores without every song having leaked first, peoples' reactions would be much more positive. Reviewing it based solely on song quality, the production is inventive and modern, and the album is highly listenable from front to back (unlike Goodies and The Evolution, which both trailed off into treacly ballads). Ciara sounds good and shows off a harder edge to her personality, but balances this with more emotional tracks like 'Lover's Thing' and 'Never Ever', ensuring she doesn't dehumanize herself. (Ok, 'Never Ever' isn't very good, but it's the biggest misstep here). The deluxe edition is also even better - Echo and I'm On should have made the standard edition.",0,0,"May  7, 2009"
10,"Though it does have the usual collaborators and featured guest Fantasy Ride has a plethora of different tracks ranging from hip-hop (High Price) to RnB (Whats your name). All the songs on the album have potential to be singles, and all of them being strong vocally with the strong hot beat. I think Fantasy Ride is the best album out in 2009!",0,0,"May 13, 2009"
5,"Its ashame that Ciara has made these far from amazing albums. If she were to take the singles and the few album tracks that arent filler from each of her albums she would create an amazing r&b record. But alas, we're stuck with ripping discs onto our laptops and making them playlists.",0,0,"May 24, 2011"
4,"After 2 great albums, Ciara has lost her sense of touch. This album is sloppy and lacking in personality. While Love Sex Magic, Turntables, Never Ever and Keep Dancin' On Me keep us entertained, they are brief moments of real pleasure on this record. Much of the rest is merely filler. Better luck next time.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"The reviews for this album make me almost insanely, unreasonably angry. A pop masterpiece that flows from sick nasty dance floor explosions to a trio of late album slow-down jaw-droppers, it'll never be done again. This was the Ciara breakout and still sounds fresh 6 years later. Play the last 3 tracks in a row for your friends and watch their jaws drop.",0,0,"May  7, 2015"
6,"Track by track review:
1. Ciara to the Stage 8/10
2. Love Sex Magic 5.5/10
3. High Price 3/10
4. Turntables 4.5/10
5. Like a Surgeon 7/10
6. Never Ever 3/10
7. Lover's Thing 6/10
8. Work 9.5/10
9. Pucker Up 9/10
10. G Is for Girl (AZ) 8/10
11. Keep Dancin' on Me 6.5/10
12. Tell Me What Your Name Is 6.5/10
13. I Don't Remember 6/10
Highlight: Work
Potential singles: Love Sex Magic, Never Ever, Work, Ciara to the Stage, Like a Surgeon",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
9,"This record is somewhat similar to the last Cardigans album to me in a sense that it was a decent step forward from the past works of the group. now it's the same with Colonia - step ahead the debut. seems Nina just can't stop mature musically. really good album.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2009"
5,"Their voices are horrible, and the intro to their single is piss poor. 'walking on a dream / how can i explain?' The singer spits it into the microphone. The visuals both on the cover and the music video are melodramatic. Although the costumes are GREAT, they do not justify the lack of talent shown here. After the intro, the song does get better, but why should some one have to ignore one part of the song? The whole piece is their vision, and the vision of empire of the sun...is not that great.",0,1,"Apr 24, 2009"
3,"Walking On a Dream is the perfect example of why arrangement of songs matters on an album. Overall, this has to be the worst arrangement of tracks I have ever seen, which completely destroys any chance the album had of being listenable. Nonetheless, the arrangement could not have even helped Walking On a Dream enough to be great. In truth, the only good tracks on the whole album are the first four, which, after the roughest transition between tracks ever, is followed by nothing better than mediocrity. The only except to this mediocrity is 'Swordfish Hotkiss Night' (I would have rather had another mediocre track), which I hope this band is ashamed of. After all, I am ashamed to say I have listened to it.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2013"
7,"I don't understand why a lot of negatism in this album? Sure, the album cover is a cheesy knockoff of the Empire Strikes Back. Sure, you can call them an MGMT ripoff if you may, call them a rip off of Bee Gees if you want to, but they don't really come across near resemblance to them. I find their music the perfect soundtrack for a dream, dead serious, and it even shows in a song called 'Walking On A Dream' with the lyrics. The overall dance production of this album is just deep, and sends you a journey to your thoughts. I think PNAU pounded it good, and for the Sleepy Jackson vocalist (aka the MGMT 'sound-a-like'), the vocals just blend well with the production and it just sends you to a transcending journey. You can't help it that the singer sounds like the main singer from MGMG, he's not trying to sound like him. He sounds like this in general, you will just have to accept this. But other than that, this album has a big influence on music like Prince, Daft Punk and The Bee Gees.",0,0,"May 30, 2009"
7,"The first half of this album is great, the second half is pretty much garbage. The two most popular tracks on the album 'Walking on a Dream' and 'We are the People' are also the two best tracks on the album. 'Half Mast' is a very well done 80's-esque track on the album. But the power remains in the two tracks mentioned before. After the 'Delta Bay', the album begins to just free fall. The track 'Swordfish Hot Kiss Night' is just a train wreck, sounds like it would be on Flight on the Conchords. The only exception on the 2nd half of the album which is good is the track 'Country' which is actually quite beautiful. But this is an album full of hit and misses. But when this album hits, in blows the freaking target up.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
8,"It is so refreshing to finally hear something different from the usual bull hip-hop that we are forced to listen to on every radio station in the U.S.I am so tired of boring songs with no decent beat or music in them,and I want to puke the more I hear about some thug throwing his 'Benjamins' at a stripper in a club.Given the sorry state of U.S. radio and 'music'(if you want to call it that)preferences in this country,I doubt the single 'Walking on a Dream 'will get any airplay when and if it gets released over here.This CD is great overall.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
4,"Walking On A Dream starts off with a great formula: warm and dreamy Human League-style synths, some acoustic guitar strumming, mellow dance grooves and falsetto-laden choruses.  Of the front-loaded tracks, 'Half Mast' and 'We Are The People' are like lost pop classics circa 1983, the former would be a great fit in a John Hughes flick.  But after the first four tracks, it veers into the most god-awful melange of stiff, uninspired dreck that loses touch with the appeal of the synth-pop structure at the top of the track list.  Most of it is nightmarish, overproduced, pretentious and outright silly, like a collection of MGMT b-sides recorded in a giant helium tank.  Your best bet is to score tracks 1-4 on iTunes or Rhapsody and skip the rest.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2010"
7,"Could have been brilliant, Instead its just really good.",0,0,"May 26, 2011"
10,"If you can get past the singer's sinus-infected style of vocals, you'll find a quartet of songs on this album that are really outstanding pop gems: Standing On The Shore, Walking On A Dream, Half Mast, and We Are The People.  Half Mast, in particular, just grabs you with its maudlin verses and driving beat, then pulls you in like a magnet with the head-swaying falsetto chorus.  Had they stuck with that motif from start to finish, one would have been able to overlook the absolute goofiness of their Adam Ant meets Empire Strikes Back wardrobe and image.  I don't know what the hell happened after the first third of the album, but whatever it was, it will require a serious intervention to break it.  The most recent reviewer nailed it on the head: stick with the first four tracks and you'll have yourself a nice little EP of well-crafted synth-pop to enjoy at your leisure.  The rest belongs in a bottom-fed pond of slimy scum where the ears of all known species should never get within earshot.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2010"
7,"Walking On A Dream isn't a bad album. It took me a long time to get into it but I actually enjoyed it for the most part. The tracks are catchy and you can get into it. Falls flat towards the final few songs but the Opener 'Standing On The Shore' really opens up the album and the second track 'Walking On A Dream' keeps the flow going. All In All, Empire Of The Sun may come off as MGMT knockoffs but they really aren't. This is definitely a band I would be really interested in seeing more of. B",0,0,"Mar 15, 2011"
10,"Absolutely top album, full of banging tunes and rabid experimentalism aplenty. Recommended for all. And that includes the second half of the album - Country and Tiger By My Side being two of thier best tracks. Maybe give Without You and Tiger By My Side a miss, but everything else is simply sublime.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2011"
10,"amazing album  one of my favourite of thew 21st century  Every song is decent and there are about 6 songs that could be singles  Been listening to this album for years",0,0,"Jun 15, 2013"
8,"Blissfull, catchy pop-rock. Just bounce like a tween and feel the joy.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
9,"Catchy music, reminiscent of the mid 1970s California rock scene.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2009"
8,"If you like catchy guitar power pop, this is your cd. Solid from start to finish.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2009"
9,"Expertly played power pop played by power pop experts. Anyone who disses Taylor Hanson's voice out of some imagined notion of hipness, isn't really listening or really shouldn't comment because they don't understand powerpop. And hey, the most Big Star-like song on the album, 'Nothing To Me' was written entirely by Taylor. So there.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2009"
9,"So fresh and so clean clean.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2010"
10,"No, the fact that Pitchfork wrote such a ridiculous review is what is almost tragic. I said almost, since no one cares and it's the listener's loss. If you love classic, fun, power pop, this is a must have. It shows the Jonas Brothers what the real thing is.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2009"
1,"Absolutely terrible.",0,0,"May 24, 2009"
5,"Pleasant enough yet not remarkable. Some songs are better than others, my favorite is Can't Get a Read on You, but overall it's just OK.  It's a good mind clearing record when you don't feel like thinking.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2011"
9,"To me, this comes incredibly close to topping their brilliant debut, 'I'm Like A Virgin Losing A Child'. From the growling, almost grunge-like rock out of 'Pride' to the soft, touching harmonies on 'I Can Feel A Hot One', this album hits the same heady heights of their first LP. I'm still mystified, however, why Pitchfork's marks seem to carry such a heavy weighting on MetaC. I actually think they hate everything.",2,2,"Apr 25, 2009"
0,"Manchester Orchestra epitomise generic indie rock music. It all feels a little bit put on. Lyrically, it's not too bad, but there just doesn't seem to be anything special about this rock piece that would otherwise hold a listener's attention, certainly not on this album.",0,4,"Feb 12, 2012"
9,"This album shows that Manchester Orchestra is not just a one-hit wonder. This album goes from simple rock, to soft ballads, and hits hard rock and goes out with a bang. Easily one of the best albums of 2009, this film flies to great heights in the alternative genre and also goes above and beyond the hype from their first album.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2010"
7,"Make no mistake: Manchester Orchestra are going to be a hit and miss band for many folks, and in my personal opinion, this album might not be the best starting point. A few tracks are just bland in sound and the lyrics are not always the best. When Manchester Orchestra shine, however, they shine as bright as the sun. Tracks such as 'I've Got Friends' and 'Everything to Nothing' bring out some of the bands best and rockiest, and songs such as these overpower the weaker tracks. A mixed bag, but filled with more delicious candy than horseradish.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2012"
6,"The album gives a lot of fun to listen and has some really great moments. However it has to many weak spots for me to call it overally awesome, but it is good enough.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2014"
10,"Adam Hull really shows his maturity with M.O.'s followup to 'I'm Like a Virgin Losing a Child.'  I would normally hesitate to use the term, but I can't think of a more appropriate word than masterpiece.  It is an infrequent occurrence for anyone in the music industry, especially today, to develop a thematic album, both musically and lyrically, but Andy Hull and his talented band mates have assembled just such a work with 'You Mean Everything to Nothing.'
Despite being only 21 at the start of recording, Hull managed to assemble a list of one meaningful song after the last.  When most kids his age are happy making efforts in music, or lyrics, Hull shows the acumen of song writing like that of a veteran twice his age.  Not only is he able to show a range of musical moods, but he weaves in an remarkable self-awareness and ability to express his feeling in song.
But this has all been done before.  We've seen this, in rare cases.  Somehow M.O. weaves the themes of humbling self-doubt and an expression of intense love for his wife, throughout this offering.  I don't know how anyone can listen to the song, 'Everything to Nothing,' and not feel that this isn't one of the great love songs.
The musical theme starts at the beginning of 'The Only One' and is picked up on many of the tracks. I haven't heard a commitment to theme like this on any album, since Pink Floyd's 'The Wall.'  I  won't loop through the album track for track.  I feel that this album should be taken in in its entirety. Like 'The Wall' I find it strangely troubling to hear one of the tracks independent of the rest.
No matter the power of the songwriting, it is only as strong as the band.  Lucky for Hull, he has surrounded himself with talent.  Hull is a great guitarist in his own right, but Robert McDowell does a great job working the leads; allowing Hull to stretch his voice.  But, I see the band's instrumental signature sound coming from keyboardist Chris Freeman who injects an extremely heavy sound to an otherwise melodic band.
Keep in mind that I'm a 48 year old man.  I usually have little interest in anything that a 21 year old has to say or play, but I see this band as a force majeure of modern music.  I hope that as these kids grow and develop (hard to consider after hearing this album) we are going to hear even better music, more meaningful lyrics.  I, for one, couldn't be more impressed with Manchester Orchestra.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2014"
9,"My Maudlin Career finds Camera Obscura at their peak. Full control over their best of times/worst of times dynamic wrapped in infectious melodies and nectar infused vocals. The songwriting is a logical next move from their breakthrough 'Let's Get out of this Country' from 2006. Tracyanne Campbell has written some gems here. 'James' 'French Navy' & My Maudlin Career' are great places to start. Great album.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2009"
9,"So glad that this album is doing well on here. My favorite of the year thus far.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2009"
10,"This bands catalog of music has been flawless thus far and this new masterpiece is no exception. Band of the decade. Sheer brilliance in every note. It wont get better than this all year. Pure Bliss.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2009"
9,"This is a great album, make no mistake, yet it doesn't quite reach the dizzying and beautiful heights of Underachievers or Let's Get Out. Nor quite have the immediacy of those two albums. Still if it's the album which gives them their deserved and long overdue breakthrough, I'm not complaining. If My Maudlin Career is your first foray into Camera Obscura, check out their earlier stuff, it will delight you even more.",0,0,"May 19, 2009"
9,"Pure unbridled bliss! So melodic, so beautifully sad, so absolutely awesome!",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
8,"This is the album that exposed me to Camera Obscura, and I must admit, I love some these tracks on this album. The opener 'French Navy' is one of the best indie pop openers I've ever heard. The vocals are gentle and cute in the most harmonic way. The whole record sounds like this girl that has just discovered love and can't get enough of it. All In All, the lyrics are very joyous and the production very crisp. Camera Obscura are a great indie pop band, and indie pop's not really my forte.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2013"
10,"Critics have gotten used to something other than what is fresh and unique. Many have failed to see the frenetic energy and passion in Ida Maria's music as well as the depth. This is a fantastic album - definitely not boring.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2009"
10,"This is an awesome, soulful album!",0,0,"Apr 15, 2009"
10,"Great garrage!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2009"
10,"Pop punk music exploding with energy from start to finish. There is something in that Scandinavian water.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2009"
10,"For what its worth, I went to 7-11 and bought two Kashi bars and a bottle of Minute Maid apple juice while everybody celebrated their one-year anniversary in your name. There was salad, I was told. I had always hoped we'd bump into each other at the Down to Earth across the street.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2011"
10,"i only ever write a review if an album is distinctly good, or distinctly bad. in the case of Jewellery, it is of the case of good. and not just good.... fantastic! this is one of the most exciting and creative albums i have honestly heard in my life! there is a no holds back feel about it that makes this album magical. the tracks 'calculator' and 'turn me well' will be on repeat for hours and when you have finally managed to separate yourself from them they will haunt you for hours after! this album shows so much promise for this relatively unknown band. i am just waiting for the first real breakout song from this band then Micachu and the shapes will be a household name! i would almost be willing to bet money on it! i think this is the only band that can incorporate a vacuum solo and get away with it. do yourself a favor and get this album!",0,0,"Dec 13, 2012"
0,"Horrible!   I saw them last night at a show in DC and they were absolutely awful.  The only talent I can detect is in their high maintenance coiffures as they bob their heads very enthusiastically to every one of their songs, sometimes in unison, so that's a skill.  I just kept thinking the only time I should have to hear music like this is if I'm watching a bad teen movie, there's a prom scene, and this band comes on making you remember how individuality, talent and creativity aren't qualities esteemed very highly in highschool and thank God that's over with.  I can't believe the guitarist from Death Cab had anything to do with this frat boy monstrosity.",0,1,"Sep 11, 2010"
