Sputnikmusic,100,"This may not be Radioheads most experimental album, but it is without a doubt their most sonically pleasing, elegant, and acoustically immaculate offering to date--and it just might be their best, too."
No Ripcord,100,"By taking various elements from not only their collective past, but also the work they've done separately, Radiohead has created something wholly new and utterly entrancing."
Pretty Much Amazing,100,"A Moon Shaped Pool is the best album we could expect from a rock outfit already into its third decade of existence, and a superb work from the last important band left in the universe."
DIY Magazine,100,"Beyond anything, A Moon Shaped Pool feels like the beginning of a new chapter--the first time these five have merged their own idiosyncrasies without compromising or crossing wires."
Entertainment Weekly,100,"By nature, Radiohead albums will always be somewhat epic, but this one is more consistently grandiose than any of the bands releases since 2000s masterpiece Kid A."
The Telegraph (UK),100,"Radiohead's most melodically accessible collection, almost meditative in its ethereal mid-tempo loveliness, yet shot through with the kind of edgy details that never quite let a listener relax. It is chill-out music to put your nerves on edge."
The Line of Best Fit,95,"Embodying that impervious inner spirit that Kafka called the Indestructible, where the possibility of perfect happiness exists in spite of everything else, its calm resignation defines what A Moon Shaped Pool strives for. In honing that potential from start to finish, Radiohead have excavated their most accomplished album in at least 15 years."
Paste Magazine,92,"Unlike Limbs, Pool never strains by adhering to a methodology. It just feels like a collection of songsvery fucking transportive songs."
Consequence of Sound,91,"Waiting five years to hear previously released tracks is worth it precisely because Radiohead finally feels connected enough to perform them with meaning."
Pitchfork,91,"Throughout the album, Yorkes everyday enlightenment is backed by music of expanse and abandon. The guitars sound like pianos, the pianos sound like guitars, and the mixes breathe with pastoral calm."
Magnet,90,"This is Radiohead's deepest, darkest pool of devotion and doubt in a career marked by almost nothing but. [No. 133, p.51]"
Uncut,90,"There's a lighter, more hopeful bent to the musical settings, which perfectly balance the more dissonant leanings of The King Of Limbs with a sumptuousness and gentleness they've rarely sought since OK Computer. [Aug 2016, p.81]"
The 405,90,"Very few records are able to transport the listener to a different world full of visceral, palpable feeling for even just one listen. A Moon Shaped Pool manages to do it over and over again with the feelings deepening rather than cheapening with each successive listen."
Slant Magazine,90,"While A Moon Shaped Pool offers little in the way of new sonic territory, its newly naked and incisive portrayal of emotional vulnerability remains a resoundingly major achievement."
American Songwriter,90,"For a long time now, Radiohead has been achieving mesmerizing results by blazing the trail for synthetic sounds in rock and roll. But its the humanity, oh, the humanity, that makes A Moon Shaped Pool so moving."
Spin,90,"Somehow, Pool transmutes fatigue and anxiety into a hallucinatory magick thats far more cathartic than a jacuzzi soak or a glass of wine. Its Radiohead doing Radiohead on a molecular level, via controlled burns. Their weary indifference to us becomes our transcendence."
Under The Radar,90,"Where the band's ninth studio album differs from its predecessor, The King of Limbs, is that it's entirely possible--no, recommended--to simply sit back and appreciate its sheer magisterial beauty."
Rolling Stone,90,"As always, it's Yorke's voice that holds the emotional center, and it's never been more affecting. Credit both his delivery and the production clarity, a statement in and of itself."
musicOMH.com,90,"This is as compelling and coherent a collection as they have ever made. Its a record that you can delve deep into and really inhabit; everythings in its right place."
PopMatters,90,"Its an album worthy of Radioheads peerless catalog, a rich addition to what is the most vital and important string of rock albums of the last 30 years."
Austin Chronicle,89,"Gone are any remnants of yesteryear's 'rock music' ideology, thrusting Radiohead into a mature state of potentially their best work still to come."
Record Collector,80,"A Moon Shaped Pool represents a return to the ambition and perfectionism that has characterised their best work."
Q Magazine,80,"For the most part, though, the excellence of what's here is less a matter of particular details than the way they combine to produce long stretches of real magic. [#361, p.104]"
Mojo,80,"All told, another luxurious wallow in art and agitation. [Jul 2016, p.98]"
Clash Music,80,"It probably wont satisfy those who still yearn for a return to their 90s alt-rock beginnings but its a good starting point for newcomers. For the rest of us though, what this all amounts to, in the end, is another fantastic Radiohead album."
The Observer (UK),80,"Radiohead have long trafficked in existential dread and political anger, and in a wider sense of twitchy bereftness that bends to fit any number of scenarios  their very own aural shade of Yves Klein blue, maybe, just a little more bruised. This arresting ninth album is bathed in it."
The Skinny,80,"Its the soundtrack to our most outlandish dreams, perhaps the exit music to the unmade film of our most romantic lives. If you're still to discover Radiohead, listen to this, for it's the perfect way in."
AllMusic,80,"Radiohead is recognizably the same band that made that pioneering piece of electronica-rock but they're older and wiser on A Moon Shaped Pool, deciding not to push at the borders of their sound but rather settle into the territory they've marked as their own. This may not result in a radical shift in sound but rather a welcome change in tone: for the first time Radiohead feels comfortable in their own skin."
Exclaim,80,"That lack of tension and urgency throughout stops A Moon Shaped Pool from being a classic on par with Radiohead's best work, but then, perhaps that's the wrong standard to reasonably hold an album that trades the band's trademark anxiety for acceptance, their experimentalism for elegance."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"An album of eerie, elusive beauty."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It is a formidably layered, beautiful record that largely lacks big hooks or aggressive bite, and yet conspires to be endlessly satisfying on a micro level, a clutch of ballads that represent the band's most intricate musical trip."
Los Angeles Times,80,"An album that reaches for something far more organic and immediate [than 2011's The King Of Limbs]."
The Independent (UK),80,"Drawing on the embattled, hopeful possibilities of early Seventies soul, rock and folk, its chamber-classical and folk instrumentation allows for pleasure as well as despair. This is a Radiohead album to make you feel, better."
The New York Times,80,"Grim tidings arrive amid gorgeous backdrops ... The results often hark back to the late 1960s; in a way, 'A Moon Shaped Pool' is Radioheads psych-folk album."
The Guardian,80,"Its not an album that feels lost in experimentation. The abundance of sonic intrigue is matched by the quantity of beautiful tunes."
Resident Advisor,78,"Following shaky albums from both Yorke and Radiohead, A Moon Shaped Pool suggests that they were right to keep the faith."
The A.V. Club,75,"It pauses, in awkward fits and starts, even as the overall experience is languid and repetitive, like the daily grind of life itself. The band has figured out how to translate its worldview into an album of tone poems, a record of songs ending in abrupt drops or trailed-off codas, as though each effort--by definition, you get the sense--must inevitably come up short."
Chicago Tribune,75,"A casual listen or two might consign A Moon Shaped Pool to the latest in a series of Radiohead releases post-Kid A (2000) that are more about texture and arty experimentation than guitar rock or pop structure. But as with most Radiohead releases, theres something more going on."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A Moon Shaped Pool is a grower, because all music is a grower. Here, there is perhaps a wider opportunity for the music to grow due to there being an audible release of sign and substance as a ghostly after-image of the bands event-based trauma."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It makes for one of Radiohead's most personal efforts, but also an elusive one. Yorke often loses himself to the point of losing others. Those able to ride in his emotional wake will be captivated--those by the curb will forget A Moon Shaped Pool like the receding tide."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Sporadically great but decidedly patchy, A Moon Shaped Pool is not the sound of a great band dying, more a great band spreading themselves too thinly."
NOW Magazine,60,"There are moments where the restraint feels almost too determined, as though the abundance of care and attention to subtle detail also places a cap on the kind of impulsive energy essential to a rock-oriented band."
The Quietus,40,"Theres simply so little spark here, barely glowing embers and blackened dust where once Radiohead blazed a fascinating, furious trail for others to attempt to follow."

Drowned In Sound,90,"An album-long search for new ways to express old thoughts, and far from any prescribed formula of tempos and buggery that would entail techno or drum n bass or other electronic information media."
The 405,85,"Ultimately though, it is about mixing disparate influences and seeing how they blend together. Happily for all of us, this approach works brilliantly."
Clash Music,80,"Where once the band may have occasionally caught your ear, these songs command attention throughout."
musicOMH.com,80,"There may be no words, but their music speaks volumes--and is consistently rewarding and charming."
The Observer (UK),80,"At times its reminiscent of Zach Condons band Beirut, but Haiku Salut never stay still for too long, nuzzling up to folk one minute and slow drumnbass the next."
The Guardian,80,"This is an insinuating record, a sunshine-and-haywains counterpart to the sinister English ruralism of the likes of Hacker Farm, but one that nags at you once its charms are clear."
Uncut,80,"The Derbyshire trio bring a pleasing experimentalism to their second LP. [Aug 2015, p.75]"
Mojo,80,"This is an album that seduces as readily as it challenges. [Sep 2015, p.88]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Gemma and Sophie Bakerwood and Louise Croft exploring electronica, with deep synth tones, crunching glitch and, on Divided By Surfaces And Silence and Skip To The End, flickers of drum n bass. Wordless, sighing vocals grace the semi-acoustic techno of Hearts Not Parts, the trios voices rushing through the gaps in the instrumental wash."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"If this all sounds a bit linear, as though Etch and Etch Deep moves like a standard plot, well, thats because it does. Theres no film to accompany it, but that doesnt mean Haiku Saluts second album doesnt make for a fantastic score, providing a subtle emotional guide as it moves from point A to point B and each stop along the way."

Los Angeles Times,100,"No one intones like the stentorian Warhol muse -- and then she breaks into vibrato-driven song, throbbing and strong."
The Boston Phoenix,88,"F*ck Hurricane Irene - Hurricane Grace is this year's force to be reckoned with."
Filter,82,"Her throaty vocals and winsome lyrics recall the Jamaican patois and patience of her youth, while the title track shows off a Grace Jones delighting in a frightening form of future-forward decadence."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Hurricane is her first new album since 1989, and it's her best ever."
CMJ,80,"Hurricane Dub is the original album chopped and screwed and recorded at the bottom of the sea, all murky bass, Jones' deep voice and rasta-twangy guitar."
Drowned In Sound,80,"For longtime fans, a dubbed-out Grace Jones begets an exotic retelling of her myth, like painting a Sherman tank in watercolours - sure it's pretty, but under those runny dub brushstokes is hidden a killing machine."
musicOMH.com,80,"It is, without a doubt, the work of a superstar returning from the shadows."
Uncut,80,"It bubbles with conviction, the mock-fearsome, statuesque diva loading her lyrics with Prince-like panche. [Nov 2008, p.105]"
Slant Magazine,80,"It may sound beside the point to exclaim that Jones sounds as good as she looks, or vice versa, but she's always been as attentive to her image as her performance, so I don't think she'd take issue with me praising Hurricane by calling it as lean, mean, and close to the bone as she herself remains."
Village Voice,80,"The cast includes Sly & Robbie, Brian Eno, Tricky, Wendy & Lisa, and aristocratic former lover Ivor Guest, who brings his experience as a soundtrack composer to an album rich with cinematic splendor."
Spin,80,"Jones has always savored extremes, and here, she's alternately demonic (the toothy gleam of 'Corporate Cannibal') and angelic (the gloriously autobiographical 'Williams' Blood')."
Paste Magazine,77,"The new versions amp up the bass and echo, often sounding like the original album when heard from a particularly foreboding shower stall."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Get down, demon lady! [Sep 2011, p.137]"
The A.V. Club,75,"Jones co-wrote all the material, and it shrewdly plays to her age and experience (she's 63), like a latter-day Marianne Faithfull with a Jamaican tinge and more of a bellow than a croak."
Pitchfork,75,"Hurricane is classic Jones."
Consequence of Sound,70,"All in all, Hurricane is a worthy collection of music for Jones at this point of her career; we should hope it's the start of a new era for the icon rather than just a one-off release."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"In revisiting the production of her '80s records she paradoxically produces something that sounds timeless."
Dot Music,70,"While never as life-changing as these memories clearly were, Hurricane succeeds in its sheer force of conviction."
AllMusic,60,"Although Guest's interpretations work well as an accompaniment piece, it's the return-to-form original (also included here in its entirety) which remains the more essential listen."
PopMatters,60,"It's good enough to warrant the inevitable 'return to form' and 'comeback' labels, good enough to make you appreciate Jones all over again. Take a step back, though, and it is far from perfect. At times it escapes embarrassment by the skin of its teeth."
NOW Magazine,60,"Even when she strays into overwrought moodiness during the disc's trip-hoppy second half, her menacing omnipotence has a way of willing you onward."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Hurricane shatters the illusion, and flattens the force of nature known as Grace Jones into something quite humdrum."
The Guardian,60,"It starts strongly, but peters out, delivering a kind of Sealed Knot of Jones' classic style."
Hot Press,60,"80s clubland legend Grace Jones returns with Hurricane, a patchy but fascinating comeback record."
Mojo,60,"Jones's fans with long memories will certainly want to hear the first four tracks, but the robustness, of sound, modernity of arrangement and cool, hard, clarity of distinctive delivery that once suggested her style would always sound fresh just fades away. [Nov 2008, p.110]"
Q Magazine,60,"For the most part it's a decent but needless reworking of her Compass Point trilogy of albums from the early '80s. [Nov 2008, p.117]"
The Wire,60,"'Corporate Cannibal' is the exception, and Jones, a miracle of nature at Meltdown, proves more fallible on Hurricane. [Nov 2008, p.64]"
Mojo,40,"Here, the tunes are dubbed to within an inch of their lives, reduced to fiddly-for-fiddling's-sake electronic bleeps and riffs. [Oct 2011, p.100]"

musicOMH.com,90,"Particularly impressive is that the music never feels incoherent or thrown together. The band always, somehow, emerge with a compelling and coherent voice, albeit a strange and often dark one."
BBC Music,80,"Reinventing a genre they're not, but Nedry are certainly evolving trip hop in an enticing fashion."
Uncut,80,"The London-based trio of Matt Parker, Chris Amlion and Ayu Okakita reinvent the [trip-hop] genre on their terrific debut, a futuristsic sonic collage of dreamy glitch-folk, shimmering electronica and weapons-grade dubstep percussion. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Condors, is a restless, richly-detailed amalgam of intricate, glitchy electronic ambience, guitar reverberations that range from gently acoustic to furiously rockin', and ethereal to keening female vocals that recall Kazu Makino of Blonde Redhead, Nicole Barille of mr. Gnome, and Bjork."
Urb,80,"Experienced as a whole, Condors is a multi-course meal that features some familiar dishes and some foreign with ingredients that require a bit of acclimation-but they're all delicious."
AllMusic,80,"Condors is an impressive mini-debut that's just long enough to show what the band can do, and suggest that they're well on the way to making all of their ideas gel into a cohesive whole."
PopMatters,80,"Though it features just eight songs in just more than 25 minutes, Condors is an impressive document from an innovative new trio that has the BBC buzzing."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"There's two sides to Nedry. One is given to taking faintly voguish reference points, lopping off the sharp edges and smoothing out the kinks. It's pretty, but weirdly bloodless....The other is less polite....Message to the band: ignore your nicer side in future."

The A.V. Club,83,"Most of the music on Deer Tick's third album, The Black Dirt Sessions, was recorded back in 2008, during the sessions for the rollicking Born On Flag Day, but it'd be a mistake to think of these songs as leftovers."
Paste Magazine,82,"The Black Dirt Sessions is this band's 'After the Goldrush,' stuffed with devastating songs laid bare by weathered, redemption-seeking renegades."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),81,"While sticking to his A-game has served him well so far, it's worth noting that the songs themselves just aren't quite as resonant this time out, resulting in an album that's merely very good instead of incredible."
Alternative Press,80,"The paino ballads make Black Dirt more melancholy than previous efforts, but no less masterful. [Jun 2010, p.102]"
The New York Times,80,"These are bright, durable songs, and Mr. McCauley liberates them from any telltale hints of artifice, whether he's caressing them alone or roughing them up with his band mates, who manage a credible honky-tonk snarl."
AllMusic,80,"Songs written to sound like old pub standards helped to gain the group attention, but these heartfelt tunes gleam with McCauley's individuality."
Uncut,80,"The Black Dirt Sessions is roughly the equivalent of The Replacements going straight from the rowdy delinquency of 1981's 'Sorry Ma, Forget To take Out The Trash' to the ashen resignation of 1990's 'All Shook Down,' with nothing in between. [Aug 2010, p.74]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"John McCauley's transformation from singer of a rock band to something a good bit deeper, is on display within the running order of The Black Dirt Sessions, the band's third and finest album to date."
BBC Music,80,"It's not the album that will define Deer Tick as a force in their own right, or McCauley as a songwriter on a par with his heroes, but The Black Dirt Sessions is the best set yet from this still-rising quintet."
Billboard.com,79,"The Black Dirt Sessions delivers even more grit and lyrical heaviness than its predecessors, revealing a desperate, wayworn side to McCauley's songwriting."
cokemachineglow,75,"While not punch-for-punch or track-for-track the heavy-hitter 'War Elephant' was, or even offering the tonal variety of 'Born on Flag Day,' the consistency has come into its own doleful focus, the lyrics have reached a blisteringly high point and for any/all flaws, and, in the end, it just leaves me holding the broken pieces of my face in my fucking hands."
Spin,70,"Black Dirt delivers sulky dirges ('Blood Moon'), alt-country hangovers ('Mange'), and funeral ballads ('Goodbye, Dear Friend') with equal aplomb, as their leader's bedraggled voice groans with hard-earned heaviness."
American Songwriter,70,"From The Black Dirt Sessions we get the sense that being painfully serious is more important than making stylistic progress."
Under The Radar,60,"McCauley's lyrics sometimes get a little lazy, but at best spits fire and brimstone. The drawback here is that the songs don't hold together well. [Spring 2010, p.75]"
Pitchfork,56,"It's too bad that the majority of The Black Dirt Sessions is so familiar, as the band dutifully strides through the same well-worn territory, perhaps even less palatable in their stubborn sameness."
Slant Magazine,50,"[It's] an album that feels far too blandly somber, ignoring the feel-good clamor that can make Southern-rock revisionism so much fun."
Rolling Stone,50,"Dirt has more mood pieces than songs, and the lyrics get just plain goofy."
PopMatters,50,"There's a lot of either-you-like-it-or-you-don't on Deer Tick's latest, The Black Dirt Sessions."

BBC Music,80,"Peggy Sue have firmly moved from kooky and wonky soul-smith-stresses to blazing a path through fully realised songs waging war with life."
musicOMH.com,80,"Unusually for a debut album, there's not a dud track here, and even the less immediate tracks such as February Snow work their way into your brain after a few plays."
The Guardian,80,"Mostly, though, they combat melancholy with some startlingly abrasive, PJ Harvey-style guitars, giddy whirls of accordion, and a thrilling array of clattering, thundering, sharp and snappy percussion from their show-stealing drummer, Olly Joyce."
Under The Radar,70,"Rosa Slade and Katy Young have made an album full of miserable breakup songs that sounds, well, kinda sweet. [Summer 2010, p.88]"
Clash Music,70,"Over the course of twelve tracks the dual female vocals transport and transcend into beautiful plateaus of heartbreak and hoedowns with a gritty edge unrivalled by their peers."
Drowned In Sound,70,"More often than not, Peggy Sue derive passion from poignancy, taking their listeners on a journey that makes having a broken heart interesting again."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Their spooky, sexy, dark folk is kept bare and bolshy, like Laura Marling with sex and humour."
AllMusic,70,"Naming your band after one of the most famous rock & roll songs of the '50s takes a lot of chutzpah, but this trio pulls it off with a soulful, minimalist sound that's all their own."
Q Magazine,60,"On their amiably unvarnished debut, they're a bit punky, a little folky, even a bit rockabilly, but always refreshingly themselves. [May 2010, p.126]"
Mojo,60,"Peggy Sue have jettisoned some of their quirkier traits (past gigs saw them play a tambourine nailed to an old school desk) to deliver a debut with a great deal more grit and fire in its belly than their earlier EPs would suggest. [June 2010, p. 93]"

The A.V. Club,83,"See You On The Moon still occasionally veers toward the kind of generic lite-roots music that dominates rom-com soundtracks and commercials for long-distance service, but more often, Merritt tries to do a little more with what she has."
AllMusic,80,"There's a modesty in Tift Merritt's music that makes it more compelling than a lot of artists who make a grand show of their joy and/or grief, and See You on the Moon finds Merritt weaving her spell as effectively as ever; it's marvelous music well worth your time and attention."
Boston Globe,80,"This time, there are moments of eye-opening wonder."
Paste Magazine,77,"The result might not be her most accessible album, but its certainly her most rewarding."
PopMatters,70,"Moon is Merritts most intimate-sounding record yet, so it runs the risk of letting its low-key virtues slip by the listener. A simple remedy I found for that was to simply turn up the volume."
Pitchfork,67,"Her delicate pipes may consign her to small sketches and close studies, but Merritt's at least proven with See You on the Moon that she has the lyrical goods to deliver intimately pleasurable, deeply felt folk-pop."
BBC Music,60,"See You on the Moons mid-tempo anthems hover with a decorative shimmer that matches their wispy bedsit sentiments."
Under The Radar,60,"Moon is most grounded to Earth when Merrit stays in her comfort zone. [Spring 2010, p.75]"
Uncut,60,"There's something awkward about the whole: the album wins attention but doesn't keep it. [Jun 2010, p.95]"
Q Magazine,60,"It's still a quietly engaguing offering blessed with a lyrical lightness and organic Tucker Martine production. [Jul 2010, p.135]"

Clash Music,90,"Although the album is full of brilliance, album opener Marina stands headstrong above the others in terms of scope and grandeur, a dirty distorted guitar solo coupled with an African style instrumental and tribal chorusing sees Fever go from commendable to a masterpiece."
musicOMH.com,80,"Sleepy Sun treat blues the way Fleet Foxes handle traditional folk, and that can mean only one thing - an absolutely absorbing listening experience."
Uncut,80,"Everyone from Hendrix to CSN&Y to Pink Floyd to Led Zep turns up in their dusky psych-blues-folk blended with a symphonic approach to song construction that keeps Sleepy Sun sounding fresh. [Jun 2010, p.98]"
Urb,80,"Their second-full length record is an earthy, brazen affair simultaneously speaking to the romantic idealist and weary traveler."
Mojo,80,"Sun-scorched heavy blues rock from Cosmic Californians. [July 2010, p. 94]"
BBC Music,70,"Sleepy Sun arent above dispelling the perceptions of over indulgence, and they may always be tarred thus, but Fever at least proves theres a renewed clarity to go with the lozenge-smooth lethargy, even if it isnt totally clearheaded."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Fever then, is an album with an audience already writ large. If the idea of cosmic jams brings you out in a cold sweat, then this isnt a record for you."
Filter,70,"If you liked Embrace, You'll like Fever. If you're looking for something novel, you might have better luck at a bookstore. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.107]"
Pitchfork,61,"Sleepy Sun have learned the methods and studied the maps, but-- at least on record-- they've yet to take that knowledge into territory that feels new or, really, like it's their own."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Yet its also a record thats in denial of things like the atomic bomb, IBM, the internet and the fucking millennium. And that really is the true spirit of nihilism, no matter how well you dress it up in your parents rags."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The problem is that it all sounds so familiar, and they just seem far too comfortable perpetuating stoner rock cliches."

Billboard.com,88,"Displaying impressive vocal polish from outspoken frontman Scott Weiland; blazing guitar solos over tight, crunch-laden instrumentation; and grungy takes on Lennon/McCartney melodicism, STP asserts its place among seminal hard-rock chameleons."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Scott Weiland sounds downright effervescent on the first Stone Temple Pilots disc in nearly a decade. There's nothing new here, just cheap and easy pop-rock mimicry (the Beatles, Petty, Nirvana, Bowie, Aerosmith), siphoned through spry, crunchy grunge riffs."
Boston Globe,80,"The 12 tracks blend essentially everything STP ever did well without sounding like a stitched-together version of past hits."
Rock Sound,80,"Loaded with heady guitar trips and crunching grooves, all topped off with flamboyant frontman Scott Weilands soulful vocal (which sounds all the better for his newly cleaned-up lifestyle), this is classic STP."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),76,"As a complete work, Stone Temple Pilots is sturdy and probably more surprising for the fact that it was ever made than for its actual contents."
Rolling Stone,70,"Not that long ago, STP would have struggled to hit the simple sparkle of 'Cinnamon,' with its falling jangle and 'Yeah, c'mon, c'mon' chorus. The sunshine is overdue, but it suits them."
AllMusic,70,"As it stands, Stone Temple Pilots is a good solid record and an inadvertent testament to the fact that these guys need each other."
Hot Press,70,"Hallelujah! Grunge legends stand the test of time."
cokemachineglow,65,"Said new record is what one would expect: wholly similar to their first three records in that its got three possible hit singles, a useless Side B, and is proudly derivative of at least six other bands. They are amusingly impervious to trends. So long as you can get your head around the fact that its, yknow, Stone Temple Pilots, this, their self-titled sixth full-length, is far better than any pointless reunion album needs to be."
Los Angeles Times,63,"The shape of the Top 40 has changed significantly since the early '00s; these days there's far less space than there used to be for white guys with guitars. So although some of these songs feel like hits, their success seems far from guaranteed."
Slant Magazine,60,"It's not groundbreaking stuff, but it surpasses all expectations for a group who've spent almost a decade apart."
PopMatters,60,"2010 brings us one more Stone Temple Pilots album, a far more fitting epilogue (or, perhaps, next chapter) for such a successful career even as it actually manages to be more overtly derivative than any album theyve released thus far."
The New York Times,60,"In its heyday Stone Temple Pilots brought swagger and darkness to its second-tier grunge. Now the band has returned from its hiatus with less of a musical identity and blander tidings."
Sputnikmusic,50,"There are a couple groovy licks scattered here and there which are half decent, but otherwise it's a tepid exercise in mediocrity difficult to even feign interest in."
NOW Magazine,40,"You cant really fault the band for successfully doing much what it did in the 90s, but dont expect Purple. Theres no Vasoline or Interstate Love Song."


AllMusic,90,"It truly does feel as if they've been holding this emotion back since the day they parted and now unleashing everything in an explosion of creative energy, delivering a magnificent record that while fresh and exciting, could only be the work of far. [Jun 2010, p.102]"
BBC Music,89,"Truth be told, it never feels completely on-target, however it's hardly inept - just a touch disjointed. For every minor imperfection, listeners are rewarded with boosts of adrenaline from the bludgeoning opening track 'Deafening' and breakneck 'Dear Enemy.'"
Dusted Magazine,80,"At Night We Live represents an older, slightly sleazier, but still poetically earnest far. [May/Jun 2010, p.98]"
musicOMH.com,80,"At Night We Live is the best and the most confident album of their two-part career. It is also, admittedly, more commercial-sounding, but there's no shame in that if it's done with integrity, dignity and passion."
Q Magazine,80,"An outstanding return."
Pitchfork,80,"At Night We Live is refreshing. Far are heavy, but without sounding like a generic rock band, poppy yet not cheesy, and proud to show they are back."
The A.V. Club,60,"Fans of Far will be able to appreciate At Night We Live as a further evolution of Water & Solutions, but new listeners will have a hard time finding a fresh experience."

cokemachineglow,100,"Golden-voiced Murphy, however, doesn't try for any cheap Bowie-baritone vocal mimicry, and his lyrics and musicianship have greater depth and polish. The best inspiration should come with improvements, and Murphy's are vast."
PopMatters,100,"Murphy is still a brat, but this is a more emotionally mature and personal album than most of us thought him capable of."
Prefix Magazine,100,"His third album as LCD Soundsystem moves even further beyond ironic distance toward introspection and unguarded affection."
Under The Radar,100,"This Is Happening is looking back on a life well lived and well learned, the final cap on a perfect career."
Tiny Mix Tapes,93,"While its certainly still working for him nowThis Is Happening is, in all respects, LCDs best albumit doesnt take much to imagine the act becoming a tired gag a couple more albums down the line."
American Songwriter,92,"Murphy once again shows off his encyclopedic knowledge of all things post-punk and zip-tight. But he's also swimming up some serious stuff himself, including Eno and David Bowie's sacrosanct Berlin trilogy. And against his own prediction, it's far from horrible; it's actually pretty perfect."
Drowned In Sound,90,"This Is Happening suffers no shortage of really great songs. Each track is a well-executed study in the finer points of the long form, each thumping and building, wavering and shifting in the haze of its own self-contained ecosystem."
Uncut,90,"Suffused with an indefinable sense of melancholy, the likes of I Can Change, Home and Dance Yrself Clean instil the rubbery electro with a tangible soul - whilst Drunk Girls delivers a giddy hit of bony post-punk."
Alternative Press,90,"Not only has the band wrapped up the themes of the record with impeachable, spotless playing and production, but the man at the center of it all hasnt lost his penchant for writing quality tunes either, as nearly anything you blind-spot off This Is Happening will prove."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"James Murphy absolutely crushes the follow up, placing him on the shortlist of artists that truly matter, [Spring 2010, p.64]"
Revolver,90,"In its complete scope, the album contains all the master works were usually too scared to expect from a full-length these days."
BBC Music,90,"The ghosts of some of the greats are there for sure, but in the end, This Is Happening sounds like no one except LCD Soundsystem."
Rock Sound,88,"As its title hints, this overstuffed album of addictive party starters seems likely to be stuck in our present for a long time to come."
Sputnikmusic,88,"It in many ways is the most danceable LCD album yet, a celebration of losing yourself in semi-darkness and a sea of undulating bodies between the speaker cabinets."
AllMusic,85,"This Is Happening is a record that knows -- made by a band that knows -- that disco is better when it's just not so satisfied with itself."
Entertainment Weekly,84,"Like all good thingsespecially good byesit comes to an end. And with that, Mr. Murphy goes out on top."
NOW Magazine,84,"LCD Soundsystem principal James Murphy is at his cynical best on the act's third album, This Is Happening."
The A.V. Club,80,"What keeps Murphy from being an insufferable know-it-all is how he folds deeper emotions into his references....Older, snottier, his edge remains."
No Ripcord,80,"With This Is Happening, Murphy remains far ahead of pretenders trying to steal his thunder. [Jun 2010, p.107]"
Paste Magazine,80,"You could argue that This Is Happening lacks its predecessor's startling sense of mapping out new territories, but if it confines itself to doing what LCD Soundsystem do, it does it all incredibly well."
Pitchfork,80,"The songs that take their time developing are the ones that demonstrate Murphys talent for building simple beats and riffs into audio addictions."
musicOMH.com,80,"Murphy mixes the organic and the synthetic, rock and electro, loud guitars and louder beats. Like any good dance producer, he excels at the art of tension and release."
Clash Music,80,"These fine-detail improvements are what make This Is Happening LCDs best work to date, though mumblings about how Murphy might be repeating himself a bit remain valid."
PopMatters,80,"If This Is Happening must be a parting shot from this smartest and most human of dance machines, its a fine one. Though by LCDs own standards this takes second place to Sound Of Silvers unquestionable gold medal, by any other current bands measure this is an all-out classic."
Under The Radar,80,"This Is Happening doesnt quite reach the monumental heights of Sound of Silver, but it serves as a almost-there companion and further proof that LCD Soundsystem is one of the most exciting and interesting bands around in the 2000s."
Urb,80,"He's perhaps not very hopeful that 'This Is Happening' will capture the same number of ears and hearts as 2007's terrific 'Sound Of Silver' did, but it's a fine and thrilling epitaph nonetheless."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"This is a fantastic record, one of the year's best, but perhaps one that suggests that Murphy has said what he needed to say. [Jun 2010, p.122]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"This Is Happening brims with smaller joys: the contrast between the wafer-dry vocal harmonies and funk-sopping synth bass on Dance Yourself Clean; the cut-rate laser noises on the calisthenic banger Pow Pow. These things accrue into a wry loveliness thats never easy or expected."
Chicago Tribune,75,"The new record doesn't quite live up to its predecessor, but its middle third is especially strong."
Prefix Magazine,70,"This is Happening might not take us as far as Sound Of Silver, yet at times its still an exhilarating journey with ample opportunity to revel in another idiosyncratic lesson in the art, and joy, of sonic bricolage."
Filter,70,"As good as this record is (and it is often very good), LCD Soundsystem can do, and has done, much better."
Billboard.com,70,"This is Happening is a marathon-length listen, as in, if you can find a way to deal with James Murphys silly, sometimes bizarre lyrical themes and grand scale tracks, it may be worth the wait."
Spin,70,"In a technical sense it sounds, like everything Murphy produces, pristine."
Alternative Press,65,"It's whether or not This Is Happening stands on its own merits as original composition consistent with the quality of the LCD catalog. It falls short on both accounts, unfortunately, in what basically amounts to a final victory lap for a band that made its mark and doesn't have much more to say."
The Guardian,60,"If this is indeed, as rumoured, LCD's final bout, it finds them a little heavy and tired, but occasionally deceptively light on their feet. [Jun 2010, p.82]"
Boston Globe,60,"Familiar elements (Nancy Wang's cheerleading vocals, sparse instrumentation colliding, lyrical misanthropy) are present and correct, but everything is bolder and deeper. [June 2010, p. 93]"
Rolling Stone,50,"This music sounds fantastic, as usual--clean, tight and separated in the mix--but songwriting inspiration is in short supply."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Despite occasional flashes of brilliance its a patchy, derivative work."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Even when he's singing about zoning out on the couch, it feels Grand Canyon expansive."
AllMusic,89,"Seemingly able to kick out a chug-a-lug stomper with absolute ease at this point, the best moments on Infinite Arms center around Bridwells growing confidence in the his deadliest weapon: his voice."
Dot Music,81,"Frontman Ben Bridwell's airy vocals and cozy lyrics have stayed consistent, but the impressive production work by the band and Phil Ek places the gorgeous melodies front and center without sacrificing Band of Horses' rustic power."
Q Magazine,80,"Their third album Infinite Arms glows with that familiar sound, a sound born with an American heart."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Infinite Arms benefits from a mixture of expansive pondering--Factory, for example, coul easily become a staple of emotive TV dramas--and such lonely romance as Way Back Home, which twinkles like fireflies. [Jun 2010, p.129]"
XLR8r,80,"The songs deal with lost loves and shattered dreams, but also redemption and eternal youth--appropriate themes for a collection bursting with timeless melodies."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Infinite Arms is a neoclassic landmark that you'll need to get on vinyl. This is a record that begs to be flipped over and played again. [Jun 2010, p.93]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Infinite Arms is their strongest album yet, perfecting their instantly recognisable sound with Bridwell in fine voice throughout."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Not long ago, Ben Bridwell's reedy vocals and slow-burn guitar were compared to Built to Spill's Doug Martsch; Bridwell himself is now a touch- stone. But when does 'consistent' translate to 'rut'? For Band of Horses, not yet."
cokemachineglow,80,"No great leaps forward from Everything All The Time and Cease To Begin, just lovely, warm-hearted, full-throated harmonies and gentle melancholy."
Lost At Sea,80,"For those who let it sink in, Infinite Arms could be a contender for the years best summer album, not to mention the bands most cohesive album to date."
Uncut,80,"South Carolina rockers make big music."
Mojo,70,"Fans of the band, and those with a rustling liking for a certain kind of beard-here-now Americana, will devour this like a bottle of the Bartles & Jaymes wine cooler referenced on the last track."
The New York Times,70,"You can also hear some Fleet Foxes, a soft-rock shift that may bum out older fans. But for tuneful chilling out, it's like a fine old couch."
BBC Music,70,"Theyll never be one of the greats, but Band of Horses have proved that theyve near mastered the art of making quality, old-fashioned rock n roll."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It's that sense of humbling, childlike wonder that defines what they do with their weathered hands. And they do it as brilliantly here as they always have done, which is high praise enough."
Paste Magazine,67,"Three albums in, Band Of Horses could stand to push itself more than it does here, though there is some comfort in the familiarity. This is a band with a brand."
Billboard.com,60,"At its best, Arms is a pleasant album, one that sounds good on the surface or as background music. For most bands, that's perfectly acceptable. But for a group like Band Of Horses--whose ambitions have always intersected with being meaningful and transcendent, too--somehow just being acceptable makes Arms fall short."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Infinite Arms further fluctuates between the vigorous (NW Apt.), the understatedly pretty (Evening Kitchen) and the yawn-inducing (title tune)."
Q Magazine,60,"Infinite Arms is a surprisingly understated affair."
The Guardian,60,"Its painful to say, but Band of Horses third release makes one long for the proverbial record-label suit saying, I dont hear a single."
Uncut,60,"This is a lot of doom and gloom for a band that remains listenable and enjoyable, and Infinite Arms deserves to be played a few times to hear the fine musicianship and occasional transcendental moment. [Spring 2010, p.62]"
Clash Music,60,"Slow songs arent bad in themselves, but boring slow songs are the worst. Anyway, Infinite Arms has its share of mid-to-fast tempos, too. Again, though, the songs are of inconsistent quality."
Spin,60,"When the opening track of this third album features CSN-style harmonising about hotel lobbies, you wonder if they're trying a little too hard to sound like a burnt-out folk rock supergroup from 1971. [June 2010, p. 92]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Infinite Arms isnt nearly as charming nor nearly as emotive as the bands other work. Its an image of a band thats exhausted their aesthetics to a point of sterility, and its going to take a lot of soul-searching and reinvention to figure out where to go next."
AllMusic,53,"Infinite Arms just feels less tender, less personal, more twang-by-numbers than the last couple, despite its familiar sound and many of the same principals."
Hot Press,50,"The impression is that the same tale is being told on every track, just with slightly adapted words each time, and this too undoubtedly contributes to the sense of overall blandness with which this album is suffused."
BBC Music,50,"The band leans on plain, incredibly legible songs that have little to hide behind; successful in a gestural way, but little more. And the songwriting of the frontman Ben Bridwell, always a little obtuse, has begun to decompose, like sketches drawn from faded memories."
Rolling Stone,50,"Infinite Arms is a confusing, schizophrenic work. Several of its earlier tracks find the band clicking like never before and exploring fresh ideas while sounding more aerodynamic than ever. But so much else seems to have been haphazardly thrown together, as if the band never even entered the same room during the recording process."
Sputnikmusic,50,"On the whole Infinite Arms is an album buried under the weight of its own sound. It's hard to know how this album could have sounded with less ham-handed production, but as it stands the mix here feels like some sleight of hand."
Dot Music,40,"Infinite Arms fumbles its Birks like a weary hippie."

The A.V. Club,90,"Thats the great thing about the Black Keys in general and Brothers in particular: the past and present intermingle so thoroughly that they blur, yet theres no affect, just three hundred pounds of joy."
Alternative Press,90,"An album that works as both a blisteringly smart genre study that combines classic and contemporary perspectives on blues, soul, and R&B and as just one hell of a rock record, Brothers reaffirms that the Black Keys belong in any serious conversation about America's finest bands."
NOW Magazine,90,"Everything fits in place to up the game of something else, and no part of these finely made blues and soul creations gets a pass on pulling its weight. Thats just how it works for Brothers."
Slant Magazine,90,"Whether or not you love their music, Brothers represents a champion sound for the duo, one that covers all of their best strengths onto a terrific album; you cant ask for a better present than that."
Boston Globe,87,"Brothers is a rock and roll takeover, as The Black Keys flex their muscles and make their presence known towards all imitators. The variety between tempos, melodies, and genres will keep you coming back to this record."
Under The Radar,87,"Entirely produced by the Black Keys (except for the Danger Mouse-helmed song 'Tighten Up'), the pair's latest album, Brothers, lures with its spooky throwback sound, preternatural grooves and dark bluesy jams."
PopMatters,83,"Six albums in, the Akron, Ohio, duo's backwoods-Zeppelin shtick remains paramount, but on Brothers, there's a new kind of shrewdness, too: real songwriting, and real hooks, beneath all that mondo riffage."
Mojo,83,"Brothers is actively engaged in exploring how to make beloved old sounds relevant to now, and the result is that even classic Black Keys howlers like Black Mud and Ten Cent Pistol come off more vital in the new context."
No Ripcord,80,"Brimful of air guitar moments and other guilty pleasures, Brothers is pleasingly diverse and diverting, with barely a duff track."
Pitchfork,80,"Brothers is a woozy, murky album, fat as a tick, and riled up like a kicked hornets' nest. Whatever growing pains they've gone through as a pair has been worth it; Brothers hits harder than either of their solo albums."
musicOMH.com,80,"The Black Keys are clearly determined not to get stuck in any such rut, with Brothers marking the midway point between the garage-rock stylings of their first few albums and the hip-hop influence of last years Blackroc side-project album."
The New York Times,80,"But Brothers, recorded largely in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, with little outside help, has a higher ratio of compelling songs and distress [than 2008's Attack & Release]."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Brothers is really all about The Black Keys; swaggering journey from sub-White Stripes curio to one of the best rock'n'roll bands on the planet. [Jun 2010, p.81]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The band continues to find new ways to expand within rigid, self-imposed parameters. Although the album veers away from the spaced-out psychedelia of 2007s Attack & Release, it retains much of that albums slickness."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Brothers is the least stuffy record The Black Keys has put out, and it's by far their strongest."
AllMusic,80,"The old stomp is still here, but Alabama has stoked The Black Keys' dark side. [June 2010, p. 93]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Brothers marks for perhaps the first time in their career that the Black Keys may have opened the door on a new chapter, one that revolves more around the bands refined songwriting, monster hooks, and growing grab bag of influences than on any one classic sound."
Urb,80,"Fans will debate stand-outs but Brothers will shiver the spine of anyone in love with unsanitised rock'n'roll. [Jun 2010, p.128]"
Delusions of Adequacy,78,"The aptly titled Brothers isn't just another Black Keys album; it's the musical product of a cohesive symbiotic partnership. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.103]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),77,"When it's all said and done, the 15-track set runs almost an hour long, causing one to think that the Keys might have done the best material here a disservice by shoving so much onto one album when they could've easily saved some up for their next release."
Billboard.com,75,"Brothers, meanwhile, proves that the Keys can still put a few more miles on their well-driven blues machine, regardless of what direction their non-Keys work takes them."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Brothers finds the Black Keys digging their own space, one that neednt be geographically defined."
The A.V. Club,73,"The no-bullshit album cover might be the cheekiest thing about delightfully straight-forward Brothers."
BBC Music,70,"Brothers goes straight into the chase for the finest traditional rock album of the year so far, and with a slight trim to its 15-strong run would be a front runner."
musicOMH.com,70,"Brothers offers a key breakout candidate in the Danger Mouse-produced 'Tighten Up,' which swings like a tasty update of garagey burn mixed with R&B yearn. For most, however, the solid Brothers as a whole will be the main attraction. [Spring 2010, p.62]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Much like the Black Keys themselves, this is not an all-time classic for the ages, but its very good. Most bands dont get around to pulling that off, and still fewer do it on their sixth full-length album."
Rolling Stone,70,"Brothers doesnt break new ground for the band, but it continues to affirm the bands soul, further demonstrating the unlimited power of blues music."
Uncut,67,"Brothers excels with its ballads, notably the 1960s pop swoon of 'The Only One' and 'Unknown Brother,' while the Philly soul of Jerry Butler's 'Never Gonna Give You Up' beckons for white suits and synchronized moves."
NOW Magazine,65,"The problem is the songs. Auerbach can sing with feeling (see the cover of Jerry Butlers Never Gonna Give You Up, which features vocals reminiscent of vintage Todd Rundgren), but his lyrics are so banal they hardly seem worth the trouble."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Yep, there's plenty of life here, but interest wavers when howling barroom guitar-note after howling barroom guitar-note wafts to the back of your brain."
Mojo,60,"More Waitrose advert than classic Wrigleys; the Black Keys raw powers been polished. Some things are meant to stay rough around the edges."

Sputnikmusic,85,"Everything but the Girl fans might miss the duo's dancey leanings, but Thorn proves that her voice is enough to transcend genre preferences."
Q Magazine,80,"Her enviable clarity of tone and the disarming beauty of her vocals lend Love and Its Opposite a dreamy, if uncomfortable, sort of truth. But blithe, sunny romantics are advised to keep a stiff drink (and a hanky) within very easy reach."
Filter,80,"Thorn's voice, rich and smooth as the most expensive chocolate truffle, brings each story to genuine life and invests it with heart-snagging emotion."
Pitchfork,80,"On her gently magnificent third solo album, Tracey Thorn--the beguiling voice of Everything But the Girl--tackles serious big-girl issues."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It feels utterly natural, a continuation of the emotional navigations she's spent her career documenting with characteristic insight and sensitivity."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"In Ewan Pearsons thoughtfully modest production, the songs are played by small groups, usually just three or four musicians recorded cleanly, as unglossy and intimate as Ms. Thorns songs."
cokemachineglow,80,"What with that album title, a wistful opening waltz, entitled Oh, The Divorces! and a beautifully resigned lament called Singles Bar ('Can you tell how long I've been here? Can you smell the fear?', the theme of mid-life crises hangs heavy over these 10 simply arranged vignettes. [June 2010, p. 92]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"I like this relatively blunt, unadorned Tracey Thorn  not that she was ever forced or florid in her expression, but Love and its Opposite offers her most complete disarmament yet."
Under The Radar,80,"Some tracks may dip into generic mid-tempo dancefloor fodder, such as Why Does The Wind, but overall this is up there with some of Thorn's best work since Everything But The Girl."
PopMatters,80,"It's autumnal but never overbearingly bleak, thanks to the enduring warmth of Thorn's voice, and the empathy of her lyrics, even on the almost desolate 'Singles Bar.' [Jul 2010, p.125]"
No Ripcord,75,"Even when the tempo goes up (on a song called Hormones, naturally), Love is cocktail-hour ready, but that helps Thorns realism go down like a highball."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Long White Dress and Singles Bar, subject matter made clear from the off, are highlights; the former is mellow and wistful, with a delightfully lilting chorus, while the latter radiates the fatigued disenchantment of somebody lacking motivation in the unfulfilled pursuit of love."
Paste Magazine,70,"Love and Its Opposite is often a careful-sounding album and while that synopsis may not quicken the heart, it gives Thorns work an air of professionalism and care."
The Guardian,69,"Love and Its Opposite plays more like a conventional singer-songwriter album. The shift in gears isn't unwelcome: Thorn, as always, exercises that smoky voice to great effect."
Clash Music,60,"Still, for as remote and guarded as Thorn comes off in these 10 vaguely embittered tunes (two of which are covers: 'Come on Home to Me' and 'You Are a Lover'), and for as sparse and reserved as their arrangements are, there remains one connective thread between this and Thorn's lullabies of clubland: She still summons drama with just the force of her voice."
Billboard.com,60,"Often sad yet always warmly sympathetic, it's a well-weighted, smartly observed collection of attractive pop. [Jun 2010, p.132]"
BBC Music,60,"Taken individually, each of Love and Its Opposites songs is impressive and affecting. Strung together as an album, though, their sulky nature becomes oppressive."

The Guardian,80,"They're heading back to form in time to conquer a festival or two - but the nature of that song does leave you wondering if Franks will just be happy to be back at all."
Boston Globe,70,"Higher Than the Eiffel is most reminiscent of the work that Freestylers and Lo-Fidelity Allstars were doing eight to ten years ago. Both of them aged into their classic full-length statement with surprising grace, and made intriguing music long after most punters had deserted them."
AllMusic,70,"There's little crowd-pleasing electro or fashionable dubstep on Higher Than the Eiffel, but Audio Bullys have made a welcome, well-produced and lively returning album that delivers the goods far more often than even fans could have expected."
The New York Times,70,"In general, though, when the Bullys have their sights set on the dancefloor, whether it be a drug fueled downer house anthem or a colossal electro groove, they seem most at home.  Luckily, this is most of the time, and as a result Higher Than the Eiffel is thoroughly enjoyable as an alternative dance record."
Mojo,60,"Drawing on a cast of helpers, most notably Madness' Suggs and Mike Barson, the album boasts their usual eclectic mash of styles, all held together under the Audio Bullys flag."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Having been dumped by their label, and in turn voluntarily dumped this scheduled third record's first draft, Simon Franks and Tom Disdale have taken their time, entice Madness's Suggs and Mike Barson into cameos and emergwed altogether stronger. [May 2010, p.112]"
musicOMH.com,50,"The aforementioned hangovers, though, feel like just that, overly morose and saccharinely slushy numbers that sound labored and fail to give Higher Than the Eiffel the worthwhile breather it needs following those breakneck party numbers."
Uncut,40,"Sadly, Higher Than the Eiffel's redeeming features can't prevent it from being utterly meaningless. Nevertheless, its bone-headedness is probably a benefit, recklessly cajoling us into enjoying ourselves."

The A.V. Club,83,"The lyrics sometimes-dark intent is another detail to chew over among the songs many fine details, and provides a needed complication on an album thats otherwise so thoroughly agreeable."
Clash Music,80,"Pretty much every track on Spirit Youth sports a bewitching melody that makes perfect use of the hypnotic swirl of guitars and electronics, moving in an elegant arc as it unfolds. You can hear it in the delivery, too, with nuanced vocals that seem to say 'Hey, after all the trouble we went to in writing these tunes, we're damn well gonna give em their due.'"
No Ripcord,76,"By downplaying the elements that made the Depreciation Guild initially stand out from the crowd, Spirit Youth is a decidedly less distinctive album than their debut. However, by making that choice, they've made what turns out to be their best."
Pitchfork,70,"It's one of those rare albums that manages to borrow just enough from its well-treaded sources to avoid charges of outright theft. That isn't to say that the band delivers anything truly new here, but they manage to present a paved-over musical tradition in a way we're not quite used to hearing."
Slant Magazine,60,"There should be little doubt as to whether or not the Depreciation Guild have managed to refine their sound here--the question is if, in so doing, theyve managed to obfuscate those qualities that made them stand out in the first place."

Q Magazine,80,"This seventh studio album doesn't find them doing anything much different but still doing it with grit and conviction. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
PopMatters,60,"Stereophonics deserve doughty, workmanlike praise: they're a safe pair of hands, and this record does exactly what it promises. There are worse crimes."
musicOMH.com,60,"Like 2003's electronic-based Dakota, their seventh album works when it breaks the mould."
AllMusic,60,"The relatively stripped-down setting winds up letting the rockers of the albums first half latch in, particularly the rather propulsive Trouble, the nimble Shes Alright, and rolling I Got Your Number, and does keep the succession of anthems and ballads on the second half from seeming too languid."
BBC Music,60,"I Got Your Number is a sexy, snarling glam rocker, Wonder recalls Smashing Pumpkins at their sunniest and Stuck In A Rut has the strut of prime-time Black Crowes. [Dec 2009, p. 110]"
PopMatters,40,"This isnt a particularly awful record--its simply a album full of typical sounding Stereophonics songs"
Clash Music,40,"In the end, Keep Calm And Carry On is a forgettable, throwaway stopgap, a dog-eared blast of mediocrity in the career of a mainstay band."
Q Magazine,40,"Keep Calm...is a perfectly good album, but it strives for nothing more.  [Dec 2009, p. 90]"

Slant Magazine,88,"The group's debut oozed with chemistry, and that musical empathy has just grown stronger and tighter here. And both in songwriting and musical execution--the operative word throughout here--the Dead Weather has crafted the equivalent of a taut, expertly directed movie thriller."
PopMatters,87,"Sea of Cowards is even wilder, with grungier guitars ('I'm Mad,' 'No Horse'), greasier synths ('The Difference Between Us,' 'Gasoline') and funkier neo-John Bonham beats from White himself ('Jawbreaker,' 'Old Mary')."
The A.V. Club,83,"Sea of Cowards, the sophomore release from this psychedelic-blues band The Dead Weather, in which Jack White drums and sings, is a solid addition to his catalog, with 35 minutes of furious guitar solos and demonic howls."
AllMusic,83,"Their sophomore album (following up last years Horehound) cranks the mojo up to 11, splitting time between inferno-grade blues-rock and grooves so swampy they practically emit wavy stink lines."
Pitchfork,80,"On the Dead Weather's second album, they harness this icy alpha-dog tension into a distorted call-and-response aggression that's now greater than its parts, a rudely heavy swath of rock'n'roll authority."
Slant Magazine,80,"Sea Of Cowards, then, is the record The Dead Weather should have come out with first, casting them firmly as a real band, albeit one that sound like theyd roofie their fan club soon as look at them. Its actually supremely brave and exhilarating."
PopMatters,80,"Alison Mosshart inhabits the role of a lead singer cagily, at once beckoning and rebuffing affection; her fellow vocalist Jack White does the same thing, with ruddier results."
Uncut,80,"While Hustle And Cuss and I Cant Hear You rely too much on the practically prehistoric blues template White has employed throughout his career, the slinky stomp and lusty roar of Gasoline and the crashing, panting, hair rawk solo-infused Jawbreaker show that The Dead Weather have found the balls to break free of such constraints."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Umpteenth Jack White side-project finally comes good."
The Guardian,80,"If Stripes fans want to give Dead Weather another chance, this one deserves space in the record collection."
AllMusic,80,"A delightfully different gang of fuzzy funk rapscallions. A solution worth soluting. [Jun 2010, p.118]"
Q Magazine,80,"The problem with any attempt at sleazy blues metal is that youre somewhat doomed by comparison to everything Led Zep has ever done. But Mssrs. Plant and Page might even flinch at the ferociously unrepentant scuzz of Blue Blood Blues and Hustle and Cuss, with its spooky Hammond and heaving dynamics."
Drowned In Sound,78,"Even if Sea of Cowards sounds more bashed-out than labored-over, it works. It's a heavy, snarly, physical rock album, and it feels like the work of people so secure in their ass-kicking abilities that they don't have to sweat the details."
musicOMH.com,75,"Sea Of Cowards storms through 11 songs in 35 minutes, and while few of those songs are memorable in and of themselves, the album as a whole has a spontaneity and ferocity that makes it a fleetingly thrilling half-hour of throwback rock."
Mojo,70,"It could have easily gone into darker, scarier narratives and/or sonic atmospheres but they shut it down at the near three-minute mark. Unnecessary brevity is a sticking point: Sea Of Cowards' 11 tracks run a little over 35 minutes."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Sea of Cowards works hard to dispel those not-unjustified notions of The Dead Weather being Jack Whites third-best band. Whats even stranger is that they appear to have succeeded, in spite of the fact 80% of the record proceeds from a fairly lumpen blues template which at first glance would seem to suggest a continued dearth of inspiration."
Billboard.com,70,"Technically, these 11 tracks are songs, with titles and hooks. The effect, though, is more like a precisely arranged parade of spasms, blasted at you in a kind of aural IMAX."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"On Sea of Cowards, theyve made an album that manages to sound like they give a damn about not giving a damn, and one thats pretty compelling, more often than not."
Paste Magazine,70,"White and company make almost no concessions to their audience, and fewer songs stand out here than they did on Horehound. And yet, this is a more satisfying album overall. Fortunately, Sea of Cowards' mysteries are more intriguing than frustrating."
Spin,70,"So, yes, Sea of Cowards is something of a jumble. But it's an entirely ecstatic one. White uses the side project as an opportunity to vent his more stridently ludicrous material, the kind of megaphone announcement, blues-jive moments that he tries out every so often with the White Stripes."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Sea Of Cowards sounds like the record Jack Whites been trying to make for a long time.  Whatever he does next will probably sound that way, too."
The New York Times,60,"Sea Of Cowards is undeniably a major rock record in terms of production and personnel, but is caught between two camps: What is contains is neither major, nor indie, simply enjoyably minor. [Jun 2010, p.94]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The mood is authentically heavy but the impact is strangely light. [June 2010, p. 104]"
Hot Press,60,"Sea of Cowards, for all its snarkiness and caustic overtones, is ultimately a fun record, but its likely the band had way more fun playing it than I did listening to it."
NOW Magazine,50,"But as with Horehound, Sea of Cowards is all about the volatile vibe rather than songs. When the vibe works, its a decent approximation of the bands top-shelf live show. But beneath all the Hustle and Cuss, the tunes just arent there."
Q Magazine,50,"Underneath the goop, the recycled riffs wear thin and there is such lack of songwriting that, though they might get heavy, tracks also get dull quickly. But here's the rub: some of it's catchy and ridiculous enough to be enjoyable."
Filter,50,"It's no surprise that the album feels rushed and convoluted. [Spring 2010, p.62]"
Pitchfork,50,"Unlike the Ranconteurs' sophomore slump, Sea of Cowards doesn't suffer from lack of inspiration. It's simply a matter of a lackluster songwriting effort as the product of deserved success, which in some respects is a worse misstep."
The A.V. Club,50,"Yet while White stalks bewitching frontwoman Alison Mosshart to sublime effect in 'The Difference Between Us' and 'Die by the Drop,' the album still sounds rushed, as if the Dead Weather can't wait to storm the stage."
Alternative Press,45,"The Dead Weather have released another quickly recorded batch of entirely unmemorable, unpleasantly limp rock music showcasing Jack Whites increasingly irrelevant take on garage, blues, post-punk, and guitar refuse."
BBC Music,40,"There is some real chemistry here, but for the third album, it may be advisable to pay more attention to quality control in order to make the truly epic album that is doubtlessly lying somewhere within The Dead Weather."
Rolling Stone,40,"It sounds as if it was a laugh to record, less so to listen to."

PopMatters,87,"Chaplin, Rice-Oxley and drummer Richard Hughes, chased down something different while still remaining true to their former records. Not only does it work, it provides a valuable lesson for bands that are far too afraid of taking risks."
AllMusic,80,"The eight tracks and 31 minutes of the Night Train EP/mini-album, recorded during the Pefect Symmetry tour, should sate the faithful. [Jun 2100, p.127]"
Slant Magazine,70,"As a transitional release, however, Night Train points to an even bigger and brighter future: it mostly sounds like a band happy to enjoy the freedom of chalking up 10 million album sales, and everyone else can take a running jump."
No Ripcord,70,"That toughening process continues on this intrepid eight-song mini-album."
Uncut,67,"On Night Train their knack for earworm melodies is hard to fault, but between rap breakdowns from K'Naan and the odd techno noodlings, it can be tough to tell who's at the wheel."
Mojo,60,"Overall, Keane's efforts to move beyond pigeonholing succeed more than they fail. [Jun 2010, p.107]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The music's catchy, sure, and this time round it's undeniably uplifting in both tone and substance, but there's precious little about Night Train that's surprising enough to elevate it out of the realm of song-of-the-moment radio pop."
Chicago Tribune,60,"The band can still deliver the angsty goods (check out the gusty 'My Shadow'), but Keane have proved themselves masters of--gasp!--pop perkiness."
Dot Music,60,"Its all very eclectic and a bit unexpected -- two qualities that seem to be Keanes modus operandi as of late -- but whats missing is a pop anthem along the lines of Again and Again or Bend and Break, both of which allowed Tom Chaplin to flex his vocal chops on past albums."
Under The Radar,60,"Whatever the conceit for releasing only eight songsperhaps they didnt have enough material or were just eager to release these particular eight tracksKeane serves up a concise, competent follow-up to Perfect Symmetry (2008)."
Prefix Magazine,50,"'Night Train' has been pitched as somewhere between an EP and a mini album, with the impending fifth to be the 'proper' follow up to 'Perfect Symmetry'. For their sake, but mostly for our own, this gifted band need to try a lot harder when it comes to that one."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Night Train derails due to a lack of the hooks and melodies that made anyone listen to Keane in the first place. The record comes across as less of a change in direction than a full-on identity crisis."
cokemachineglow,30,"Like a modern empowered woman, Keane are obsessed with having it all. Juggling a career, great hair and kids equates for them to making safe, dowdy AOR while giving the finger to those who call them safe, dowdy AOR."
musicOMH.com,30,"No matter what their exteriors, Keane still seem incapable of anything other than the most heavy-handed gestures, peddling the same populist mock uplift that leaves you feeling pushed when it's meant to move."

The Guardian,90,"For Holy Fuck, Latin is a monumental step forward. By trimming back the choppy art-house disjointedness and quirky Casio tones, the band has successfully evolved their sound into something much more provocative, heavy duty, and rewarding."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Latin doesn't have a weak moment, and while LP's higher energy levels may indeed play better with that lucrative Top Shop demographic, it would seem remarkable if any right thinking fan of the band didn't think Latin at least its equal."
Q Magazine,80,"It won't be to everyone's tastes and it's clear with a name like theirs they won't be appearing on Fearne Cotton's playlist anytime soon, but there's an energy and vitality to Latin that's impossible to deny."
BBC Music,80,"Latin, the band's third album, is something of a side-step from its predecessors, Holy Fuck (2004) and LP (2007). It's less brawny and statelier, perhaps in part due to its producers Paul Epworth (Florence, The Rapture) and Dave Sardy (Black Mountain, LCD). But it might well be the closest the band has got to sounding as visceral and as rich on record as they do live."
Spin,80,"Still in place is their frenetic rushes of sonic trickery, but most notably the band have relaxed a little and even got a little funky."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The result is an absolute monster of a closing track that caps a seductively repeatable album, which speaks miles to the effort on Holy Fuck's strongest album to date."
Alternative Press,80,"Latin, their third album, turbo-charges post-punk, lolloping Karutrock and primitive electro."
musicOMH.com,78,"Holy Fuck have carved out a unique and identifiable sound of their own, and as the band itself has solidified, it's made their identity even stronger."
Rolling Stone,76,"While not as in-your-face or sinister as the last LPs, Latin packs a punch nevertheless. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.107]"
AllMusic,75,"While nothing here is as jaw-dropping as the breakout 2007 single 'Lovely Allen,' there are plenty of grin-worthy moments--though they're often paired with material that's frustratingly derivative."
PopMatters,74,"The Toronto-based collective goes all out on its third album, Latin, which features lead members Brian Borcherdt and Graham Walsh's spacey keyboards and effects supplemented by the powerful live drums and bass of their touring personnel."
Dot Music,70,"The sheer scope of 'Latin', however, is what rescues it from feeling like a box-ticking completion of a mission--as 'P.I.G.S.' races off into the distance after its lull, there's the feeling that there might still be more to see, more work to be done."
Slant Magazine,70,"There are signs of eclectism creeping in, but these are balanced by the group's tendency to consolidate its progression with a rearguard action of sheer brute force. [Jul 2010, p.56]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's a great album to trance out to, but not as memorable as we'd hoped."
Pitchfork,60,"Is it jaw dropping? Worthy of actually muttering the words 'holy fuck' in earnest? Nah. Well, maybe the drumming at times. But at the very least, it's worthy of a few shits and giggles."
AllMusic,60,"It's all a very respectable, and closer 'P.I.G.S' is great, just slightly disappointing if one had hoped for more than acceptable continuity soundtracks. [Jun 2010, p.90]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"The production leaves Latin a bit flat at times, and not every song is as memorable as a good pop-rock song needs to be. It's nice to see the group moving in a new direction, but for a band with such a confrontational name it's disappointing how little passion they inspire."

musicOMH.com,80,"While the 12 tracks here are built around conventional nu metal structures, what unexpectedly rolls out is a stubbornness and increasing force never present with Evanescence."
BBC Music,67,"Smithson's voice shines over Moody's familiar stew of metal riffs and gothy strings. Too bad the subject matter seems cribbed from a teen's Tumblr."
Clash Music,60,"Nothing here grabs you as immediately as 'Bring Me To Life' did. Still, the group's pummeling disco-grunge version of 'Like A Prayer?' Totally awesome. [May/Jun 2010, p.100]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"[Moody has] created a record that could have been released in 2005 instead of one that sounded just a bit like 2010."
Q Magazine,40,"We've been left with a blatant emulation of a tired sound by a band that seems so uninspired that they couldn't even be bothered to make enough effort to differentiate their own songs from one another."

Pitchfork,100,"The results pitch beautifully crafted, poignant songs and heartfelt vocals against foggy, ethereal production."
Filter,90,"This is ambience in which to indulge, though occasionally the structure of the songs becomes ragged, as if a little bit too much late night medication has been taken on board. That doesn't spoil any of the songs, but it just makes them that bit weirder."
The A.V. Club,90,"Antique keyboards pulse, fretless basses thrum and a variety of voices echo in and out, underlying the trippy feel and making this pretty much the most scintillating and daring record of the year so far."
Billboard.com,83,"Relayted isn't quite as much fun as it could've been. (Though the shimmering 'Faded High' could be an actual pop hit.) But Olson has found the right people to make his utterly unique lite-FM fantasies a reality."
Dot Music,80,"Relayted manages to be both comfortingly familiar and devastatingly futuristic. [Jun 2010, p.90]"
The Wire,80,"Alt-rock supergroup create new genre: stoner AOR. [July 2010, p. 132]"
NOW Magazine,70,"With a slower pace and dreamier, echo-laden feeling than the original, guitars sounding somewhere between Morricone and the Cocteau Twins, it's an inspired nod back to a still underrated team of artists that works equally well on its own."
Under The Radar,70,"This is lush, involving music that takes stated influences and sculpts them into something genuinely there."
Uncut,70,"While many atmospheric bands of late seem to shy away from any remotely commercial sounds, Gayngs have produced a record that let its melodic accessibility compliment its denser qualities."
PopMatters,65,"So Relayted is both better than it had any right to be, given the concept, and about as good as you could expect from the musicians involved."
Rock Sound,60,"Resultantly, while the textures are nostalgic, the album is a very contemporary experience. Since you're unlikely to ever get the same 20 plus artists on the same page again, it's best to enjoy the album for what it is: a one-off experiment, more of a happening than a record, that can't (and possibly shouldn't) be repeated."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Though more consistent in tone than in quality, Relayted is easy to criticize but difficult to dismiss."
Revolver,60,"Setting out its wares most convincingly with dreamy weighlessness of The Gaudy Side Of Town. Relayted gives a nod to its influences with a cough syrup slow rendition of Godly & Creame's '80s classic Cry before drifting off into a heavy-lidded haze punctuated by the occasional flurry of woozy dub and ethereal funk. [Jul 2010, p.92]"

AllMusic,80,"Thee Oh Sees manage to simultaneously evoke Suicide, Them and The Fall on their latest album of echoey, dense psychedelia. [Aug 2010, p.96]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Once again: there are six more songs on this album. Six songs that really aren't bad at all. But once your needle has dropped to the end of side one, it's only going back to the beginning again."
The Guardian,70,"Thee Oh Sees conjure sweet, sticky fuzz, and there's very few spaces on Warm Slime to take a breath, or think about what you've heard. Then again, it's this very saturation that makes Warm Slime such a natural high."
musicOMH.com,70,"Warm Slime; it's just solid, thick as a brick."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Swiftly recorded in just one day, Warm Slime is an intuitively-conceived, addictively impulsive lesson in peculiarity."
The A.V. Club,70,"Like the title suggests, Warm Slime is gooey but curiously inviting stuff, and sinking into it might not be the safest way to pass the time, but it's a genuinely pleasurable experience."
Uncut,69,"Even for a committedly lo-fi aesthetic, Warm Slime is rough going at times; listening to it back-to-back with the relatively cleaner Help is startling, like blasting a bug-spattered windshield with a jet of wiper fluid."
Q Magazine,60,"The fact that Warm Slime doesn't quite measure up to the band's lofty previous releases is hardly the point. Thee Oh Sees are already careening down another road at 100 miles per hour, and you best keep up."
AllMusic,50,"Dwyer's yelps paired with Brigid Dawson's sugary vox have made them a West Coast Frank Black/Kim Deal, and Warm Slime secretes the tightly wound psych-punk blues of Help, but lacks that album's urgency."

BBC Music,85,"For a debut album oozing with influences, Stuck on Nothing is doubly impressive in the way that it not only makes a definitive mission statement for a truly exciting new band but also manages to keep such a strong sense of itself in spite of itself."
PopMatters,83,"Even on tracks that, on the surface, might seem a bit hokey, Free Energy succeeds with loose enthusiasm and unbridled confidence."
Pitchfork,81,"Everything pops, but the gloss never makes the songs here feel processed or too glossy. It simply fits them well. And the songs are strong, too."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Stuck on Nothing isnt going to change rock & roll history even a little, but for a good time, give the album a listen and you wont be disappointed."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is a fun summer record, and just as bitter and conflicted as any fun summer record could be. There is still an art to misanthropy, and Free Energy has it down to a science."
Mojo,80,"Stuck On Nothing is a boozy, lusty hug of a record--an album so loving and large-hearted that its virtues essentially cancel out its flaws."
Uncut,80,"Stuck on Nothin might be the first guitar-pop album to sound as good on your hi-fi as it does on your convertibles speakers (which makes its January release date less unfortunate)."
Drowned In Sound,80,"They appropriate Thin Lizzy's strutting grooves and harmonised guitars on 'Dream City' and Psychic Lighting,' while other tracks gleefullly work in a careening analog synth as if it had just been invented. [Jun 2010, p.86]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"The Philly quintet futz with Seventies rock like gearheads restoring an old El Camino."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Refreshingly retro without being anachronistic, Free Energy burst with unironic sun-flecked highs--it's classic rock from 8-track heaven. [Feb 2010, p.93]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Stuck on Nothing opens strong, closes strong, and the intermediate tracks are interesting enough to maintain interest. Free Energy havent created anything cataclysmically new, but they have created an entirely likable pop album."
AllMusic,70,"The bands sheer tenacity gives the tracks a dizzying exuberance, but they dont quite have the chops to deliver their generations Summer in the City; tracks like Dream City and Bang Pop are delightful, but as disposable as cheap plastic sunglasses."
Pitchfork,66,"Stuck on Nothing works well as a no-nonsense party album, but Free Energy shows tremendous promise on this debut."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Youd need DNA evidence to separate Free Energy from the influences theyre so clearly in thrall of, but its all so blusteringly fun and care-free that they make you feel like a curmudgeon for even contemplating giving a shit."
Austin Chronicle,50,"The reality is Free Energy sound like 90s rock berks Terrorvision. Its not all woe--Bad Stuff is like an FM rock Pavement--but it makes us worry that Murphy might be losing his edge."
Prefix Magazine,50,"The rest of the album, which was produced by James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem, never quite lives up to that early peak."

The A.V. Club,91,"If 2008's Stay Positive was a haunted wastoid cautionary tale, Heaven is a survivor's celebration of staying alive"
Pitchfork,91,"With Heaven is Whenever, the most consistent band in rock and roll remains reliable, as The Hold Steady give their sound a fresh update while not straying too far from what makes them so endearing."
AllMusic,90,"Heaven is Whenever is not just a vast improvement from their last effort but it's also a fifth album from a band that still sounds surprisingly awesome and it's just another album for a detractor to listen to and hopefully, fall in love with--it's only a matter of time."
Dusted Magazine,85,"Make no mistake, there is still plenty of rock--it's just doled out selectively instead of consistently."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Their loud, rough and tumble early efforts on Almost Killed Me and Separation Sunday have combined nicely here with a sense of southern rock and pop rock from the past few albums to produce another gem for an amazingly consistent band with plenty of room left to grow."
PopMatters,80,"There's enough fun, intelligent rock n roll to give anyone their Hold Steady fix but in context of their discography, and with a little bit of prodding, this is something grander."
Uncut,80,"This transitional album indicates there is more in their locker."
Rolling Stone,80,"The tunes, too, are as lush and anthemic as ever."
Alternative Press,80,"With 'Heaven Is Whenever,'' it seems unlikely that the Hold Steady will again change how we talk about modern rock, but when a band has already framed the parameters of the debate, it doesn't necessarily have to."
No Ripcord,80,"One might suspect that The Hold Steady's rock repurposing would eventually chafe, but they're achieving the opposite effect, again pulling off with heroic sincerity the idea that heaven is lying on the floor listening to records-even if you're well past 16."
Paste Magazine,80,"Although former member Franz Nicolay's piano parts are missed, the Hold Steady have still managed to craft a great record for a barbecue on a hot summer day--and for the hangover the next morning. [Jun 2010, p.105]"
Billboard.com,80,"It's their most polished record, nearly majestic at points, without scrimping on bloodshot angst or exuberance."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The album has a quality about it that's sweeping without being out and out uplifting, feeling more informed by the rigors of touring than the denizens of the Twin Cities and their lapsed Catholic revelations."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"[The departure of keyboardist/multi-instrumentalist Franz Nicolay] Far from having a negative affect on these 10 songs, The Hold Steady have flourished in this slight change of tack, with frontman Craig Finn's inimitable, narrative lyrics as stirring as ever."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It's the natural, assured way in which Heaven Is Whenever moves between building on past glories and breaking fresh ground that's so impressive. [Jun 2010, p.85]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Every line seems to come straight from the mouth of that guy right over there, you know, the buddy of your buddy-the one you always wanted to ride around with while he told his stories but never got the chance to. Well, here it is. Are you game?"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),77,"The departure earlier this year of keyboardist Franz Nicolay means less Springsteen-like keyboard embellishments, but the group's Everyman quality remains intact thanks to vocalist/guitarist Craig Finn's straightforward lyricism and lead guitarist Tad Kubler's signature swells."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Some fans assumed that Nicolay's departure would make for a leaner, less melodramatic band, but The Hold Steady's fifth album, Heaven Is Whenever, sounds as deliberately mythical as ever."
Prefix Magazine,75,"None of the songs quite scale the heights of a 'Stuck Between Stations' or 'Your Little Hoodrat Friend,' but it's to the band's credit that Heaven goes down considerably easier than Stay Positive (2008), fortunately bereft of the obvious clunkers that rendered that album's Side B such a slog."
musicOMH.com,72,"Craig Finn's lyrics house the crass beauty of a worn-down dweller of the turning century, making this album a movie I'd pay 10 bucks to see."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Heaven is Whenever is good for the exact reasons Hold Steady records always tend to be good. Such dogged consistency suggests it's doubtful Finn and company will ever come out with a startling masterpiece that frees them from Springsteen's shadow, but it also implies they're extremely unlikely to make a bad record."
The Guardian,70,"These aren't the band's strongest songs, but they're definitely some of their most interesting."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"While the wine-favouring moustache-sporting figure of Franz Nicolay is no longer a fixture, the remaining members are present and correct albeit in a somewhat more reflective mode than of yore. It suits them."
Boston Globe,67,"While fifth disc Heaven Is Whenever doesn't break formula, it proves slightly more temperate and introspective without compromising big riffs."
Paste Magazine,65,"It's a pretty good album if you can get the idea of its dreary additions to their setlists out of your head."
Alternative Press,63,"It adds up to another transitional effort rather than a major statement."
Rolling Stone,63,"The band definitely misses its Snidely Whiplash-evoking keyboardist Franz Nicolay, and while a gentle country cut like 'The Sweet Part of the City' or AM ballad 'We Can Get Together' shows broader ambitions, 'Heaven' already feels a bit preserved in amber--maybe the amber of a spilled Schlitz tall boy, but still."
AllMusic,62,"Despite the confidence of that opening track, Heaven Is Whenever sounds like a transitional album, hopefully paving the way for something stronger, more cohesive, more specific."
Rock Sound,60,"While The Hold Steady haven't made a bad album this time, they haven't made a really good one either. It's a good album with some problems."
Uncut,60,"The sound is too slick by half, but Craig Finn's rhymes still resonate."
American Songwriter,60,"They know where they've been, and it sure seems like they know where they're going. There's a real comfort in the settled feel to this record, even if it is occasionally dulled by the overblown production."
Billboard.com,60,"Despite the veteran group putting in a valiant effort, Heaven Is Whenever will largely be known as 'the transitional LP.' Hey, at least Bobby Drake's drums still sound exceptional."
The A.V. Club,60,"Established fans will find much to adore, but Finn and company need to be cannier about their long game. [June 2010, p. 98]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Heaven Is Whenever proves The Hold Steady are capable of messing with the script without diminishing their core appeal. [Jun 2010, p.125]"

Filter,100,"Together is the flawless execution of can't-shake-loose melodies, genius arrangements (oh, those group harmonies!) and production that leaves you energized."
BBC Music,91,"The core remains the same, however. The band writes big, catchy pop songs-and the occasional heartbreaking ballad-and delivers them with flash, filigree, and a healthy sense of pop history."
Slant Magazine,90,"Together is another masterstroke from the New Pornographers, one of those rare albums that reminds even the most jaded ear of the joys of pop music."
Dot Music,88,"Together, the group's fifth record, is explosive and infectious yet tight and glossy, a far cry from the proverbial seat-of-the-pants audacity of their 2000 debut, Mass Romantic."
Austin Chronicle,82,"Together is paced excellently at a little over 44 minutes, feels like half of that, and not a single song warrants a skip."
Lost At Sea,80,"The music is hearty and sure of itself. It's the kind of pop that, a few decades back, might have sneaked into the Top 40."
Chicago Tribune,80,"This week the Canadian sorta-supergroup releases Together, its fifth album, and provided you're not the kind of fan who requires your heroes to evolve, the disc is delectable."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This messy-pop template is nothing new for the Pornographers, but they've never applied it to such satisfying ends. Add in some guitarwork by St. Vincent's Annie Clark, a trumpet cameo from Beirut's Zach Condon, backing vocals by Okkervil River's Will Sheff and work by the ultra-reliable Dap-Kings, and it's the band's most colorful patchwork to date."
Pitchfork,80,"The album finds the Vancouver collective making only subtle yet effective changes to the way it does business while the songs remain as sturdy and taut as ever; it's one of the most reliable releases you're likely to encounter this year."
Drowned In Sound,80,"More than any other of the New Pornographers' albums, this feels like a group effort, each element united to create uniquely cerebral power pop."
Spin,80,"The New Pornographers have never sounded more like a band than on Together, and it's one of the best records they've ever made. [Spring 2010, p.65]"
PopMatters,80,"Together is certainly far-reaching in its ambitions, and it often seems close to collapsing under the combined weight of all its collaborators, but it never falters, despite its dangerous dance. The New Pornographers have taken a risk in fussing with their sound, but in large part it's paid off beautifully."
Under The Radar,76,"The fresher feel on the Vancouver group's new set could partially be attributed to frontman Carl Newman's openness to collaborating with his peers."
Mojo,75,"On Together, the band's fifth album, Newman again pumps out exuberant melodies brimming with offbeat twists."
Q Magazine,73,"Aside from 'Valkyrie', Together is a solid collection of well-crafted songs. However, in spite of the quality, the album isn't entirely satisfying."
NOW Magazine,70,"The sharp riffs only occasionally add up to anything with a pulse, but the Pornos have always been bad mathematicians. Archaeology -- that's their subject."
The A.V. Club,70,"There hasn't been a better blueprint for the New Pornographers' sound and mission, and, if all else fails, Together will certainly make you smile."
PopMatters,70,"They stake a firm claim for parity with arguably their most consistent set yet."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Although their fifth album has plenty to satisfy orchestral-rock geeks and hook-heads--especially the ecstatic, merry-g-round-dizzy 'up In The Dark'--the collection shines when it goes for nuance and subtlety. [Jun 2010, p.108]"
cokemachineglow,70,"A.C. Newman wanted his band's fifth album to 'bridge the gap between Led Zeppelin and [Sixties psych-soul band] the Fifth Dimension.' Together doesn't quite pull that off, but it is the Canadian-American group's best since 2000's Mass Romantic."
The New York Times,70,"On its own, it's a great record. Tacked onto the end of a sprawling, massively exciting discography, it just doesn't deliver."
Boston Globe,70,"On the whole, Together smartly meshes thick orchestration with their lean energy really well, picking up where Challengers left off and improving in a lot of ways."
Paste Magazine,70,"Despite the distinct musical talents involved, Together is surprisingly as its name suggests--cohesive."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Together does not scale the heights of Mass Romantic and Twin Cinema, but then, The New Pornographers have already made Mass Romantic and Twin Cinema. This is something new, something hopeful."
AllMusic,60,"Together is a good album that is catchy and full of hooks and does a lot of what we've come to expect from the band. Having said that, it's also a step down."
Under The Radar,60,"The Canadian supergroup return with super new LP."
musicOMH.com,60,"In its crunchy guitars, rich harmonies and fist-pumping choruses, there's a warmth and positivity that, while occasionally too smooth, shows an admirable disregard for current trends. [Jun 2010, p.128]"
Billboard.com,60,"For some reason, the band seemed to strip things down on this album, as the tracks are less sophisticated and experimental than on previous works, (which is fine for most bands, but for ones that aspire to keep their crown at the forefront of indie-pop, just not going to cut it)."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Like much of Together, it aims for The Beatles, hits ELO, and sounds like the people responsible mightn't have thought that was a bad thing."
Pitchfork,50,"While it does have moments where the listener is reminded of why they love power-pop, Together ends up sounding too vocally divided as an album and at times too top-heavy with orchestral arrangements."
Spin,50,"There's quite a bit of work involved in bringing so many points of view and instruments together, and that's precisely the problem with Together."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Together has its moments, but it's a disappointment for such a justifiably lauded band [Spring 2010, p.65]"
New Musical Express (NME),44,"Mid-tempo balladry and redundant choruses sap all the percussive vigor from this former song factory."
Alternative Press,40,"The guest list is impressive. But it'd take a very straight face to refute the frequent echoes of The New Seekers or Fleetwood Mac, while 'Silver Jenny Dollar' sounds like something Mike Batt might have knocked up for The Wombles. [Jun 2010, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,40,"The Vancouver octet layers lavish string arrangements and huge group choruses over its trademark, idiosyncratic power-pop, smothering the listener in the process."
No Ripcord,40,"With each album, the Canadian collective's mix of '70s rock and nursery rhyme harmonies gets less raucous and more predictable. [June 2010, p. 94]"

Prefix Magazine,88,"The album is something of a rollercoaster of musical styles, songwriting approaches and emotions. But most importantly, transcending it all, is Ritter's astounding power to make us hang on every word."
American Songwriter,83,"He's not the only one channeling the greats, but he does it better than almost anyone else today."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Wordy troubadour's sixth and finest effort. [Sept. 2010, p. 118]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The result is this quite sensational new album that not only purges the darkness, but marks the finest music he has made."
Hot Press,80,"The 'New Springsteen' comes of age."
Q Magazine,80,"Another New World constitutes the elegiac and unsettling thesis of Josh Ritter's potent new album."
Lost At Sea,80,"Stirring stuff, and food for thought, too."
BBC Music,80,"By shirking an introspective approach, he has succeeded brilliantly in wending a line between intricacy and intimacy. The output is a genuinely majestic creation, brimming with a richness of substance to both enthral and devastate."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Ritter's wordplay can be dense, but his warm, inviting voice makes it a pleasure to unravel."
Slant Magazine,80,"Equally steeped in Southern and Midwest Gothic Americana, the son of a pair of neuroscientists has crafted his most unique collection of songs to date, borrowing characters from mythology, literature, and world history and letting them run wild in the increasingly adventurous, neo-traditional folk style that his become his forte over the last decade."
Under The Radar,80,"Ritter has taken his time delivering album number five after stepping back from a period of writer's block. So Runs The World Away suggests every artist should have such problems, Ritter's most freewheeling album flitting between waltzes with Egyptian pharaohs to the tongue-in-cheek murder ballad Folk Bloodbath. [Sep 2010, p.92]"
Filter,80,"It's a work of craft from a continually rewarding, continually American, singer-songwriter."
Uncut,80,"So Runs The World Away is vivid, artful, expressive and more besides. [Sep 2010, p.100]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"It is a monumental album in everything from the scope of its subject matter to its grand instrumentation and production."
Mojo,70,"There are ten other very fine songs here, this album shows Ritter developing continually, and there's potential for greatness, in time."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),65,"The good thing is that for any misstep here, there's a success that overshadows it. But for those of us waiting for him to really knock another out of the park the way he did on The Animal Years, it might be a let down to realize So Runs the World Away isn't that."
Paste Magazine,62,"It aims to summit purple mountains's majesties with Titanic-sized tracks, such as 'Change Of Time,' 'Rattling Locks' and 'Another New World,' and they are only sporadically successful. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.108]"
Q Magazine,50,"The creaky structures he inhabits and the source material he chooses to pilfer are smart choices, good things that are highly redolent on their own. But the atmosphere of rough, old conceits scrubbed clean, with just enough dirt left to seem genuine, is ultimately a disquieting one"

Boston Globe,91,"'What's in it for me?' Zahner-Isenberg sings with a piercing squeak in the chorus of the album's gooiest pop song. He honestly doesn't know, and that's what makes Avi Buffalo such an affecting listen."
Hot Press,90,"For all his fragility, Avi is as good a songwriter as anyone who's ever traded under Sub Pop's logo. And that's quite a claim."
PopMatters,86,"Continue to muse, and this strange, wonderfully unexpected work of art becomes one of the most mature (and stirring) narratives on intimacy, fidelity, and hesitant honesty heard in a long while."
The Guardian,80,"There's a brief slump with One Last's fey melodies, but it's not enough to derail proceedings. A serious talented young band. [Jun 2010, p.119]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Mrs. Buffalo's boy's not one of the herd: weird, but kind of wonderful. [May 2010, p. 97]"
Spin,80,"Throughout, Avi's vocals coalesce remarkably with those of keyboard player Rebecca Coleman, who was originally Avi's muse by way of an intense teenage crush."
AllMusic,80,"For those that can stand the fact that this lot really do possess some talent, this might be another slice of Sub Pop to add to the collection."
Mojo,80,"Avi Buffalo sound like they're been propelled into the realm of Radio 1 and Later... With Jools Holland not because they fit a preconceived idea of good taste, but simply because they're good: it's hard to stop yourself feeling as enthusiastic as the guy who wrote them invariably seems to be."
musicOMH.com,80,"Sub Pop reckon they've unearthed a gem in the form of 18-year-old Avi Buffalo frontman Avigor Zahner-Isenberg; the superior West Coast jangle of his debut album suggest they might well be right. [May 2010, p.92]"
Uncut,80,"The band comes together neatly, covering a range that encompasses stripped-down recordings and wider-canvas anthems. Avi Buffalo make songs that, at their best, remain lodged in one's head for days."
American Songwriter,80,"The record could be accused of wearing its influences a bit obviously, but as Wilco, Flaming Lips and Mercury Rev borrowed from Neil Young, progression essentially comes through a degree of regression and, although Avi retreads familiar ground, he still adds his very own unique footprint to his band's debut."
BBC Music,79,"Avi Buffalo have every reason to be sure of themselves; this sneakily complex, unsappily sentimental, thoughtfully naive debut is a very early success."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Though the Long Beach band's sound may not be the most original going, Avi Buffalo pull it off with polish, not sacrificing quality production or songwriting for the sake of a vibe."
Filter,70,"It's Avi Buffalo's lyrical content, though, that ends up giving away the band's level of maturity, for better and worse."
Slant Magazine,70,"Avi Buffalo wear their musical influences on their sleeves (Built To Spill, the aforementioned Shins, Elephant 6, etc. etc.), and their lyrical direction is more Superbad than J.D. Salinger, but it's charming without being cloying, poppy without being overly sugary. Most importantly, it's the kind of debut that leaves you thrilled for what the future may bring, and that's something special."
The A.V. Club,70,"It's when they stomp their feet on that middle ground that their eponymous debut kicks up the most sand, and with a little more nuance, their future endeavors could leave some pretty hefty footprints."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Avi Buffalo manages to toe the 'slacker pop' line without ever giving us the sense they're phoning it in. [Winter 2010, p.62]"
Filter,60,"The earth will remain unshattered by this release, but that's okay; there'll be time enough for rocking when we're old."
Q Magazine,60,"Like the elder statesmen, the teenage California quartet offer skewed good-time indie pop that won't change your life but will sound fantastic blasted from a front porch on a summer day."

Mojo,88,"Hutz has said that Rubin encouraged him to focus on his songwriting as opposed to the band's frantic live show, and 'Hustle' bears out that claim with catchier melodies and more slogan-ready lyrics."
BBC Music,85,"Like all Gogol Bordello albums, Trans-Continental Hustle is instantly enjoyable, but even more lyrical and musical layers emerge on repeat listens that show you just how smart and (simple) Gogol Bordello can be."
musicOMH.com,83,"While Hustle isn't a breakthrough on par with If I Should Fall From Grace With God, it's certainly one step closer."
The Guardian,80,"There's a human message: No matter where you are, the party's what you make of it. [Jul 2010, p.124]"
Uncut,80,"Rick Rubin has shaped their songs, smoothing down some of their rougher edges, but the end result is as rich and diverse as ever, helping them fulfill their musical mission with more focus, yet without compromising their eccentricity or their trusted formula."
Dusted Magazine,80,"For all the lyrical skepticism in these songs, the music is too damned exuberant to worry too much. If anything, the relentless tempos and sheer energy of the band might wear you out before you get to the end of the hour-long record."
Drowned In Sound,79,"Plain and simple, Trans-Continental Hustle is a decent album that seems to rest on the band's multi-national roots and Hutz's Balkan growling to accomplish its goal. And while it's certainly an engaging and inspired exercise, the disc grows awfully weary after about a half-dozen songs."
Pitchfork,78,"Though Hutz might be out of whack, this album is surely no loser."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"With the help of heavyweight producer Rick Rubin, Gogol Bordello's major-label debut, 'Trans-Continental Hustle,' maintains the band's ethno-clash dance party reputation, but with less punk attitude and a more mainstream songwriting approach."
PopMatters,70,"Over 13 tracks Transcontinental Hustle casts its spells, a record that fairly howls at the moon."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's no Super Taranta!, but Hutz's minor-key odes to erotic revolution and cosmic evolution still pack a heady, sweaty punch."
AllMusic,70,"There's plenty good here, that's undeniable, but the album lacks the spark to push it forward and place it at the top."
Under The Radar,70,"Everyone is on point: Accordion and fiddle rock as hard as guitars and drums; rhythms from Brazil (frontman Eugene Hutz's new home) blend with breakneck Eastern European dances and D.C.-style hardcore."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"'Last One Goes the Hope' buoys the middle third atop the bar, placeholder for acousti-punk tango 'In the Meantime in Pernambuco,' new greatest gauntlet. Penultimate 'Break the Spell' doesn't."
NOW Magazine,64,"Results are mixed--'Sun Is on My Side' offers lovely accordion and a weary, haunting refrain, but the midtempo 'Uma Menina Uma Cigana' feels flat and perfunctory, while the lugubriousness of 'When Universes Collide' actually undermines Hutz's harrowing, poverty-tinged lyrics."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Transferring the energy and spectacle of their live shows has to be challenging, but the songs here come as close as any of their earlier work. [Spring 2010, p.63]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"The idea was to expand Gogol Bordell's palate to accommodate the Ukrainian-American's recently adopted homeland of Brazil. The Good news is that it doesn't matter--if Gogol Bordello still sound like an Eastern European answer to The Pogues, it still means they're doing something nobody else is. [Jul 2010, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,60,"While Trans-Continental Hustle isn't exactly a disappointment, it isn't the thoroughly solid album it could (and should have) been."
Q Magazine,60,"Musically, it's really just more of the boozy, ribald, shoutalong same, but tellingly the best moments are when Hutz reins in his mentalist troubadour shtick."
musicOMH.com,60,"Considering how much it costs to get Rick Rubin in the producer's chair, it's no surprise Gogol Bordello aim for something beyond full-throttle drunken mayhem on Trans-Continental Hustle. Those worried the party is officially over can rest easy, as 'Break The Spell' and 'We Comin' Rougher (Immigraniada)' show Gogol Bordello haven't completely forsaken four-on-the-floor folk punk. [June 2010, p.105]"
PopMatters,58,"It seems Gogol Bordello is still stubbornly clutching for the inventiveness of earlier records like Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike and Super Taranta! without truly progressing, leaving us with a Rick Rubin-adorned imitation of their visionary past work."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Founded on precepts of energy, positivity, and speed, the band has no choice but to keep pushing these buttons, churning out records whose rampant energy belies an increasing sense of atrophying decay."
Filter,50,"Trans-Continental Hustle is an honest effort, but one that pales a little when compared to the Technicolor explosions of Gogol Bordello's back catalog."

Billboard.com,80,"On its fifth studio album, 'Fire Away,' Ozomatli shows a remarkable ability to innovate with its most expansive and energetic set in years."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Ozomatlis fifth studio release, Fire Away, delivers a characteristic 75 mph, 20-car pileup of thunderous brass and irrepressible percussion from the opening track, which demands to know, Are You Ready? Yes, we are and so is the band."
Spin,70,"Its a genre experiment that might encourage more sceptical listeners to err on the side of caution, but if youre willing to let yourself be swept away, then the rewards are worthwhile."
AllMusic,70,"Sprawling LA collective Ozomatli return with Fire Away, their fifth full-length to date, and offer another rich dose of positive energy and musical diversity."
Rolling Stone,70,"Now a septet, Ozomatli are tighter than ever. Berg manages to keep the grit and dirt in the bands live sound while adding just enough studio ambience to make the album jump hard."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Fire Away makes an energetic fist of recapturing in the studio their raucous collision of salsa, hip hop, funk and R&B. [Aug 2010, p.91]"
Pitchfork,60,"While their verses might be disappointingly lightweight this time out, Ozomatli provides more than enough substance where it counts."
Under The Radar,60,"Though it might pain those fans who prefer Ozomatli to be Ozomatli, the albums best tracks are those on which the band finally comes to realize they can be whatever they want to be."
Uncut,40,"As the tempo drops, however, their shortcomings as songwriters become obvious. [Aug 2010, p.124]"

Delusions of Adequacy,90,"It's a beautifully understated album of personal confessions, wandering thoughts and worldly observations, all rendered with the assurance of a naturally gifted vocalist, one who clearly has no need for auto-tune or other irritating tonal tampering devices."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This terrific record is the first on her own Everso imprint and seems to finds her more settled. [Oct 2010, p.89]"
Alternative Press,80,"Produced with exquisite balance, these ten self-penned songs reflect what Lynne's learned about the studio process in her 20 years as a recording artist."
Paste Magazine,80,"Tears, Lies, and Alibis is an album worth buying mainly for two reasons. Firstly the opening track, Rains Came. It sits in what sounds like a familiar bed, but doesn't quite go where you expect it to, and is, this time, lyrically opaque. Secondly, you can drown in her voice. It is fabulous; not an in-your-face 'listen to how many octaves I can leap' sort of way, but it effortlessly convinces you she's lived this stuff, and means every word."
Slant Magazine,78,"Lynne has always been a commanding vocalist, and age has only sharpened her delivery and given her more to sing about."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Her typical lyrical bent remains, but musically, Tears, Lies & Alibis is largely a spare, acoustic affair."
Billboard.com,60,"Her production instincts are spot-on, never overindulging in the freedom afforded by her role as the producer. Unfortunately, Lynne's songwriting isn't as sharp here as it has been on records like Suit Yourself and Identity Crisis."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Shelby struggles to get her dues outside conventional country circles, but Tears, Lies And Alibis is far from conventional. [Nov 2010, p.111]"
BBC Music,50,"The songs that round out the album similarly waver between sparse tunes aiming at etherealness and ballads that strive for languor. None quite work on their own, and I lose all sense of where we're headed."

Clash Music,91,"Not unlike Bob Dylan's Time Out Of Mind, this is an album by a grizzled veteran of rock's rougher roads who proves in his late career that he still has great work in him. Perhaps even better, Erickson sounds remarkably confident and optimistic; for all the tumult of his life, he's happy to be living it."
AllMusic,90,"A fierce backing band, Okkervil River lends them drama, tension and a cinematic pomp that underscores the miraculous nature of Erickson's recovery."
Uncut,90,"True Love Cast Out All Evil is more than just a comeback, it's the best and most deeply moving album of his solo career."
Slant Magazine,90,"haps the greatest testament to the power of this album is that it's still a triumph minus the backstory. Subtract the legend of Roky Erickson, and you have an immaculate collection of dusty country gems and orchestral pop."
PopMatters,90,"This is a great record, full with a daring, hard-earned hope, and a deep emotion. And that's something a lot of records could really use these days."
Q Magazine,90,"While Erickson provided the 'text', Sheff had to present it with the right level of reverence, being careful to highlight, and not undermine, this record of struggle and redemption."
American Songwriter,90,"A stunning LP that, in a just world, would do for Roky what the 'American Recordings' series did for Johnny Cash."
Uncut,88,"Erickson's voice transparent and vulnerable, the lyrics direct yet poetic, sifting through years of pain for signs of hope. With the exception of the howling 'John Lawman,' the music is contemplative and atmospheric, a mix of field recordings from the past and unfussy, live-in-the-studio interactions."
AllMusic,80,"This album isn't for everyone, but it's as open-hearted and grittily triumphant as any you'll hear this year."
BBC Music,80,"It is full of sadness and hope, but ultimately it is a celebration of human spirit and the unique talent of Roky Erickson. This indeed is special and magical music."
Paste Magazine,80,"An extension of the rehabilitation that the 63-year-old has undergone in the last decade, under the devoted guidance of family and friends, it's a record that both addresses and somehow transcends his past."
Boston Globe,80,"That it so compellingly rescues a cache of unforgettable songs and signals the unlikeliest of artistic revivals, must rank it among rock's most trascendent tales. [Jul 2010, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,80,"True Love Cast Out All Evil is a genuine triumph of the spirit and heart. Other 62-year-old surviviors have released comeback albums as good, but none better or more uplifting. [Jul 2010, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"Gifted '60s casualty delivers first record in 14 years. [July 2010, p. 131]"
PopMatters,78,"True Love is at times haunting and ecstatic, memorializing Erickson's long history while swaggering into a shaggy kind of hope."
The A.V. Club,76,"Okkervil River--with frontman Will Sheff as producer--defers to the chief, allowing Erickson's gruff voice to reign over woozy background vocals ('John Lawman'), punchy brass sections ('Think of as One') and Ebow lullabies ('Birds'd Crash')."
American Songwriter,75,"Thanks to Okkervil's chiming, handsome folk rock--and also to Erickson's improbably buoyant spirit--the music doesn't sound defeated or even especially vulnerable. True Love makes good on its title."
AllMusic,74,"indulge his every whim and mood and which emphasizes his songwriting range. As a result, the album repositions Erickson's psych rock as the foundation for a diverse sound."
PopMatters,70,"He sings with renewed strength and even sweetness in these new versions of songs from the Seventies height of his troubles."
Prefix Magazine,70,"It's hard to tell how much of the success here stems from Sheff's handling of the material or how well Erickson would come across on his own, but the fact remains that he's still capable of producing strong material, a fact that True Love Cast Out All Evil proves, without making a display of this revitalization."
Drowned In Sound,70,"His latest release (aided by fellow Texans Okkervil River) is wizened and epic, marked by squealing guitars and a deep wistfulness."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Mr. Erickson's voice has grown tattered and scratchy. And Mr. Sheff's production acknowledges the '60s without pretending to be vintage."
Chicago Tribune,70,"True Love Will Cast Out All Evil is a rare example of a man finding peace on record, of a long journey being rewarded with a slight glimpse of salvation."
Boston Globe,70,"On True Love he re-emerges fantastically with a little help from his friends in Okkervil River, who nudge him ever so gently toward capturing the redemptive, therapeutic power found in his best songs. [Spring 2010, p.69]"
musicOMH.com,60,"The result of his collaboration with his fellow Texans is an album that stands up in a way his last effort, 1995's All That May Do My Rhyme, really didn't....But there are problems, too. The songs here were selected by Okkervil's Will Sheff, and the arrangements are clearly his band's rather than Erickson's."
BBC Music,40,"This is a heavily flawed album, at times frustratingly so. It can feel painfully sentimental: full of sweeping string arrangements, dramatic instrumental surges, and celestial soundscapes."

Uncut,100,"Brooklyn duo deliver shock psychedelic masterpiece. [May 2010, p. 96]"
Mojo,91,"It offers one sonic reward after another, and the band remains as inviting as ever. It's the nature of the party that's changed."
Q Magazine,90,"From the opening moments of the sublime 'It's Working' all the way to the titular closer, Congratulations is an incredible follow-up from a band that is still maturing into some unknown entity."
Filter,90,"Despite its retro influences, MGMT isn't out of touch: 'Lady Dada's Nightmare' is an eerie, instrumental nod to a certain pop star. So to answer Vanwyngarden's question: Yes, it's working."
Paste Magazine,88,"The nine-song album aims for a more unified and introspective feel, a good deal darker, denser and less instantly accessible than the debut. Instead of concise singles, it more fully embraces the duo's interests in waving the Barrett-era freak flag"
The Boston Phoenix,82,"They accomplished their mission. They made a record that doesn't have one radio hit, let alone a single and yet is stronger than their previous efforts."
Pitchfork,80,"MGMT's first long-player may have included catchier singles, but Congratulations is the better album, trading Oracular's deceptive superficiality for psychedelic grandeur. Of course, like all psychedelic things, that grandeur is pretty deceptive, too."
Rolling Stone,80,"Though understated compared to their predecessors, these songs are smart and catchy."
Slant Magazine,80,"Despite being haunted by the group's flip from rock-star charade to reality, Congratulations still brims with mischievous energy."
Spin,80,"Congratulations, MGMT's time-warped sophomore release, is a strange beast, a candy-colored acid trip set to music, and easily the most hallucinatory rock record of the year so far."
The New York Times,80,"All in all, Congratulations pushes MGMT in the right direction. Rather than resting on their deserved laurels, Vanwyngarden and Goldwasser challenge themselves sonically, creating a follow-up that will test even the most astute audience."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is a wilful and lovably eccentric second album from a band who've had a sniff of being pop stars and decided they'd much rather be weird and esoteric, thanks all the same."
Under The Radar,80,"They never fully reconcile this conundrum, but have nonetheless created a fine record, which, while distantly removed stylistically from their first, doesn't lose grasp of their innate pop instincts, channeling them in a more elliptical, silvery manner."
The Guardian,80,"The album evokes not claustrophobia but space and freedom: an exhilarating screw-the-consequences leap into the bizarre. [May 2010, p.110]"
Dusted Magazine,78,"While MGMT may no longer peddle the kind of instant-pleasure-point melodic textures that propelled the band's most well-known songs into so many playlists, they're up to something far more interesting: releasing a major, mainstream objet d'art without for a minute fooling themselves that it 'matters.'"
Mojo,75,"Undoubtedly, some fans will be left feeling deflated, but this odd little sonic onion ultimately rewards those patient enough to peel the layers."
The A.V. Club,70,"Cowbells and organ chords set the frenetic pace for this crazed and eerie take on surf music that namechecks the godfather of ambient in its punkest track."
AllMusic,70,"Congratulations is no more impenetrable than the Flaming Lips at their most commericial, with Sonic Boom offering a bright, upfront mix that keeps the baffling array of omichords, guitars, sitars, synths, organs and FX percolating in dynamic, uncluttered fashion."
Billboard.com,70,"The whole album is a spacey trip, and it acquires several listenings to be on their side. They're definitely not stagnant, but it's still a step back from their debut--not in time, but in appeal."
Chicago Tribune,68,"Every track here has successful passages, but frustratingly, they too often turn out to be detours or trap doors. In general, the less cluttered and more focused their tracks are, the better they turn out."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),66,"MGMT seem determined to break the mold they made for themselves, and while they deserve credit for trying, the outcome just isn't as much fun as the MGMT whose tunes could punch up movie trailers."
Trouser Press,63,"Listening to the new MGMT album requires similar preparations to those for a prolonged psychedelic experience: you may want to leave some time in your daybook for unexpected detours, and it'd be wise to erase previous experiences from your mind for fear that heightened expectations may not be met and mass bummerage will ensue."
Hartford Courant,63,"The album's peppier tracks are front-loaded early, and even if the duo are capable '70s sylvan prog revivalists, the back end of Congratulations feels directionless."
Spin,60,"It's a brave, sometimes successful, but ultimately flawed attempt to evolve and grow the band's sound. The one crime is a distinct lack of any memorable tunes, but it will certainly stand as one of 2010's more interesting releases."
Boston Globe,60,"What emerges from such silliness is the pleasing sense that the duo had a blast making this record. Listening to it is also fun at times, but just as often it's damned hard work."
American Songwriter,60,"Their mainstream audience should flee now, but Congratulations is more than mere commercial suicide. Their perversity has produced a sonic adventure, with lovely moments."
Uncut,60,"Congratulations will, without question, be heard, and by millions. But as what--an all-too-familiar expression of post-fame disillusionment? a fearless psych-rock masterpiece? a shape-shifting tribute, both lyrically and musically, to retro influences?--remains unclear."
Under The Radar,60,"With Congratulations, they attempt to not just keep it weird--which they've done--but to figure out how they can be in it for the long haul. It's a solid start."
Q Magazine,60,"None of the songs hit as hard as Kids or Electric Feel, but there's also no filler (which is more than we can say for OS). Instead, the band delivers a consistent if self-indulgent offering of oddball prog-pop."
cokemachineglow,60,"Overall, MGMT's refusal to co-operate with the listener jars with the crisp and professional production  which, despite Sonic Boom's involvement, is more Van Dyke Parks than Spacemen 3 and leaves Congratulations sitting somewhere in the middle, not complex enough for the prats, but too obscure for the jerks."
Entertainment Weekly,58,"This airy prog-psych self-indulgence is merely an elaboration of the back half of that debut--the half I tuned out then but appreciate some now, because, even as self-indulgent elaborations go, the follow-up's a doozy."
Paste Magazine,50,"MGMT have (purposely?) lost that instant magic that they effortlessly whipped up with those debut singles, and in trying to re-establish themselves as artists that don't need the commercial mainstream to survive, they've created a record that lacks any defining characteristics to call its own."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Either way, therein lies Congratulations' biggest triumph: despite being every bit the sophomore slump MGMT damn near willed it to be, it leaves you just enough reason to stay interested in what they do next."
Urb,50,"In striving rather openly to set their sophomore effort apart from what they view as the critically acclaimed trappings of their debut, MGMT offers what is, essentially, an album of B-sides--a few bright spots strung together with half-baked concepts and monotony, in need of a lot less knob-tweaking and a whole lot more rewrites."
Pitchfork,50,"There are nine tracks of somewhat forgettable spacey-psych 70's songs that are packed with confusion from start to finish. It sounds as if the band skipped a few pages, assuming that their immediate debut success would carry over with the risks they took for this one."
Lost At Sea,45,"Congratulations shares nary a sonic smidgen with Oracular Spectacular, instead existing in a netherworld where mod-era psychedelia meets prog-rock and where the ecstatic heights of the band's debut don't exist."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"None of the songs are good enough as growers or deep tracks to hold up the album."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Credit MGMT for refusing to rest on its major-label laurels, but directionless experimentation proves no substitute."
musicOMH.com,30,"MGMT is like some nightmarish amalgam of those bands' [The Flaming Lips and Of Montreal] bottom-barrel ideas set to wanky synths, sometimes for up to 12 minutes (!!!) at a time."


BBC Music,90,"Coheed And Cambria are always at their finest when they're being dramatic, and as such 'Year Of The Black Rainbow' is possibly their best record to date."
The Guardian,85,"It doesn't take a biological science major to realize that this album is very well worth listening to regardless of whether you're a seasoned veteran of The Amory Wars storyline or you've never even heard of Coheed & Cambria."
PopMatters,83,"Still, bending the tonal and narrative demand of Amory-whose prequel is presented here-into an intricate, melodic, ultimately anthemic album couldn't have been a breeze, but Sanchez and crew have dovetailed their two massive ambitions into an effortless, seamless whole."
Rolling Stone,83,"Rainbow contains 12 thrilling sci-fi spectacles, suitable for headbanger and Luddite alike. [14 Apr 2010, p.73]"
NOW Magazine,80,"As a band, C&C either inspire rabid adoration or complete dismissal; that won't change with Year of the Black Rainbow. That said, any fan of heavy progressive rock music may find this music to be of compelling interest, whether one buys into the conceptual nature of the Amory Wars or not."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The record is further evidence of the quartet's easy chemistry. The band is both bold and geeky, creating a signature sound that typically triggers strong reaction; one man's progressive is another's pretentious."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Rainbow feels every bit as massive as the world it sets up. It's not just the heaviest record in Coheed's arsenal; it's also one of the strongest."
Sputnikmusic,80,"While it's sort of a fresh take on their musical canon, it could afford with more new songwriting techniques and maybe less vocal effects. Still, Year of the Black Rainbow is a consistently great album that may have required just a bit more panache, and certainly lives up to its predecessors."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Rainbow is definitely Sanchez's show: His dreamy vocals give all the fantasy crap real human warmth. [May/Jun 2010, p.966]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Year of the Black Rainbow sounds like a more self-assured take on what the band was attempting to do on the somewhat scattershot 'No World for Tomorrow.'"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Year... continues to follow that bombastic course, packed from start to finish with grandiose, rousing flourishes and ample proggy ballast."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The adventurous nature of Coheed and Cambria was what made them so thrilling. And while this new tangent of popular method could win them a fair few new fans, it may leave some of the loyal wanting more from their next opus."
No Ripcord,60,"Newcomers might well benefit from starting nearer the beginning, but this is one space saga that's worth persevering with. [Jun 2010, p.120]"
Austin Chronicle,50,"It's full of fascinating, stirring moments, but overall, Year of the Black Rainbow suffers just a little too much from its own grand, sprawling ambition."
Paste Magazine,50,"Year of the Black Rainbow is not a bad album. It has its moments, but it is a far, far cry from the greatness Coheed & Cambria possessed on all four previous albums, especially the masterpiece of melody, dynamics, musicianship and continuity that was 'Good Apollo I.'"
Rock Sound,49,"Unfortunately, 'Year' lacks the grandiose thematic concepts of previous outings as well as an immediate single, like past songs 'A Favor House Atlantic' or 'The Suffering.'"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"If you're not already aware that this prog quartet's fifth album serves as both a prequel and a finale to something called 'The Amory Wars,' bemusement is probably the best you can hope for while enduring their overwrought, topsy-turvy blend of spiky metal riffs, Gollumesque vocals, and ambient melodrama."
The A.V. Club,40,"Beneath the veneer of baffling musicality, it's evident there's nothing new under the sun, no matter what galaxy you're in."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"There's no trace of Coheed's oddball eclecticism here, or of their dynamic pop sensibilities; instead the emotionally and tonally monochrome Black Rainbow gives the impression of a typically humorless metal act."

AllMusic,91,"Tommy doesnt aim to dazzle like 2008s Wolves And Wishes or 2006s The Lost Take; instead, it focuses all its tech-wizardry on some of the most vulnerable, exultant melodies Dosh has captured yet."
Boston Globe,90,"Its certainly going to be one of the most, if not the most, fresh sounding electronic albums of the year and its only going to get better as time passes."
Alternative Press,90,"Tommy sounds like it has been carefully scored, but chances are Dosh created all this in his head. There are so many perfect moments."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Tommy excels because there is no one correct way to describe the music. Using everything from Afrobeat to IDM, Dosh does it all; yet, he manages to find a way to make the entire project cohesive."
Revolver,78,"What this means in terms of structure and pace is that Tommy is leisurely, which to some people might suggest boring except that this is a very dynamic sort of leisure."
PopMatters,70,"This is Dosh taking a step back, slowing down, freaking out a little (check the snarling ending of album finale Gare de Lyon), and making the most personal music of his career."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"[Iit is] a rambling, sweet-and-savory aural feast. [Spring 2010, p.69]"
Drowned In Sound,69,"Dosh has indeed graduated from the sketchbook-like arrangements that marked his earlier work-- but Tommy's occasional tedium is a reminder that there's nothing wrong with doodling in the margins, either."
Q Magazine,60,"The pieces here -- it's hard to call them songs or tracks -- are almost ambient, but there's too much noise and too many shifting sounds to keep you from spacing out for too long."
BBC Music,60,"Tommy is a kind of maximalist musical confetti, a mostly instrumental amalgamation of jazz, hip-hop, folk, and laid-back electronica. Disparate ideas flit in and out of these songs, often before the listener really has a chance to get acquainted with them."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"His fifth album is typically protean. [May 2010, p.118]"

Billboard.com,85,"Now the experimentation with electric guitars, even more electronic sampling and a focus on vocalist Becky Jacobs has brought Tunng to a paradise of exceeded expectations."
Spin,82,"God bless Tunng for making what is otherwise one of the more obnoxious genres of music (Folktronica) so damned delectable."
The Guardian,80,"Instead of shadowing the pack, this album puts them right up the front."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's ecentric, then, but charmingly so. [Apr 2010, p.102]"
The A.V. Club,80,"The result is a real evolution for Tunng, producing their most consistent and fully rounded album yet."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Those who feel it all sounds uncomfortably commercial should rest assured: this is a step forward."
Drowned In Sound,80,"When backing singer Becky Jacob's voice is brought tot he fore, it wraps around Linday's like a warm hug, leaving you feeling that Tunng are the band you'd most like to watch sunrise over the stone circle with. [Apr 2010, p.114]"
Urb,80,"While it's hardly the stark, across-the-board tonal sea change suggested by several of its most immediately ear-catching cuts, And Then We Saw Land is at once an adventurous outward journey and an invitingly familiar return from an always intriguing, intrepid, and under-heralded band."
cokemachineglow,70,"...And Then We Saw Land is a satisfying addition to the Tunng canon and is one which proves them distinctive enough in their own right that the only label they need be tagged with is simply that of 'Tunng'."
PopMatters,70,"Obviously some compositions work better than others, but for the most part this balancing act between anthemia and meticulous detail works very well."
Under The Radar,60,"And Then We Saw Land isnt a bad album, it just doesnt grab you."
Pitchfork,60,"There's sparse evidence of their supposedly influential stay in Mali with desert bluesmen Tinariwen here, and ultimately their sonic porridge ends up a tad unsalted. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"It's a record which breaks with their previous work in many ways, most noticeably with the absence of singer/songwriter and group founder Sam Genders, but also with its grander, wider sweep. [Winter 2010, p.66]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The end result is an album that would be fine as a first effort--that is, if it did not naturally have to be compared to previous Tunng albums."
Q Magazine,58,"No one should begrudge them their cleaner, smoother sound, but straight-laced songwriting has sapped the band's well-worn eccentricities. Tunng have outgrown and outlasted the restrictive genres they were once boxed into, but Saw Land struggles to find its place in a larger context."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),100,"The result is her first triumph: a collection of literary and emotional songs to have you whooping with joy or fighting off tears, with tunes that deliver new riches with each listen."
Filter,90,"Her second album is an enchanting collection of beautifully raw songs, the faint trace of tape-hiss in the quieter moments combined with the rootsy feel of songs."
BBC Music,90,"I Speak Because I Can is an album of elegance and brilliance. Marling has developed from her debut, and her voice has grown both physically and lyrically."
Mojo,90,"What makes Marling engaging is that her music presents scenarios without deliberately sounding like poetry or art. Her songs do not emphasize the beauty of sounds or musicality of words so much as clip insightful observations from conversations."
musicOMH.com,89,"She found it in herself to make yet another gorgeous, melancholy, old-souled record."
The Guardian,83,"I Can maintains its mystery and poetic obfuscation upon repeat listens. I Can would make for sublime coffee-shop fodder, except that Marling's music and especially her exquisitely wrought words reward,"
Q Magazine,81,"Her sophomore effort, I Speak Because I Can, finds Marling, still only 20, shrugging off virtually all traces of girlishness and wide-eyed charm, instead delving into darkly elemental, frequently morbid folk. And yet, astonishingly, the expected growing pains never come."
AllMusic,80,"With I Speak Because I Can, that argument may now end. Though just 20, it doesn't appear within her scope to make an outright bad album, and here we are shown a few more glimpses of her gift, but yet not an overwhelming outpouring of it."
Drowned In Sound,80,"I Speak Because I Can is, without doubt, an album to really delve into, and one to lose yourself in for hours. Added to that, it asserts Marling as one of this country's most talented young songwriters; our Conor Oberst or our David Berman."
PopMatters,80,"I Speak Because I Can remains a stunning performance to leave haircuts and ex-boyfriends alike trailing in its wake."
No Ripcord,80,"Where the album triumphs though is the crystalline clarity of the songs, their titanic emotional wallop and Marling's quite exquisite delivery."
Uncut,80,"Marling's second album is one of staggering maturity. An old-school folk album of the best sort. [Apr 2010, p.92]"
Under The Radar,80,"On I Speak Because I Can, her great leap forward after 2008's captivating Mercury-nominated debut, Marling deploys an archaic folk patois with convincing gravitas. [Apr 2010, p.118]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"I Speak Because I Can delivers on nearly every level, upping both the production value (thanks to Ryan Adams and Kings of Leon producer Ethan Johns and fellow indie folk darlings Mumford & Sons) and the songwriting."
Pitchfork,80,"Marling combines craft, instinct, and emotion for a collection of tunes that showcase a variety of mostly acoustic moods but coalesce into a hushed, beguiling whole."
The Guardian,70,"Her stormy folk songs (which, on occasion, recall PJ Harvey's) are primal and dark, crammed with ancient mythology and portentous warnings."
Clash Music,70,"I Speak Because I Can feels more professional than its predecessor, yet the album as a whole fails to capture the emotional power of Alas, I Cannot Swim."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Marling's sophomore album takes that template [in 'Alas I Cannot Swim'] and over it foward with grace, sorrow, and maturity. [Spring 2010, p.70]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"I Speak Because I Can is composed of mature, sophisticated but relatable songs, performed as only Marling can perform them, showcasing not only a broader vocal range and more intricate guitar parts than on her previous album, but a new breadth of experience, resulting in a balanced album that can sound as enshrouded in shadow as it does enlightened."
Paste Magazine,60,"It's almost as if the quieter tracks allow her to relax, while the full band numbers--fleshed out rather over-eagerly by a group containing several Mumfords and a Whale--subdue and constrain her. [Apr 2010, p.101]"
The A.V. Club,60,"At her best, she takes PJ Harvey and Nick Drake back to their primordial folk roots, evoking mean sex in overgrown glens and casual farmhand violence."

Pitchfork,83,"It's a conceptually fascinating piece, but does it groove? Mostly yes. Though nothing here sounds like a future club hit, and some tracks feel more essential to the album's narrative than others, Here Lies Love has more going for it than museum-piece fascination."
BBC Music,80,"Here Lies Love is a sumptuous two-disc feast of harmony, melody, and Latin-accented grooves that the Studio 54-loving Marcos herself would likely appreciate."
musicOMH.com,80,"And while the story hangs together quite well, the main impression you are left with is that Byrne and Slim have impeccable taste in female singers."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Luckily, scholarship doesn't eclipse the limber, catchy music and the sheer nuttiness of the whole project."
Dot Music,80,"Here, Byrne's well-plotted tunes can rule, and Norm can keep himself in the background, going against his natural tendency to overstuff."
Mojo,80,"Here Lies Love stacks up as an oddly entertaining, off-beat treat. [May 2010, p.126]"
Q Magazine,75,"While the relentlessly breezy vibe ?occasionally drifts into numbness, Marcos' story remains fascinating, especially as sung by the likes of Cyndi Lauper, St. Vincent, and Santigold."
AllMusic,70,"That the result is largely 'light' listening works against it to a degree, but the idea that such a sound was entirely Byrne's intent forgives even this. It's not often that a purely musical work can make us see a historical figure in a new light, but Here Lies Love is a fascinating exception."
Boston Globe,63,"On his collaboration with Fatboy Slim (a.k.a. Norman Cook) on the story of Imelda Marcos, Here Lies Love: A Song Cycle About Imelda Marcos & Estrella Cumpas, Byrne gets bogged down in the fertile ground of his boundless imagination."
Spin,61,"With multiple narrators voiced by a plethora of singers, it's hard to follow which character is speaking at any given time. Extensive liner notes clear up the confusion, but it feels like a lot of work for an album that's not particularly revelatory in either music or story."
PopMatters,60,"The hitch in the album is the hit-or-miss probability of the listener connecting with the quizzical story, wrought in obscurity."
Under The Radar,60,"Here David Byrne turns an unwieldy premise--a musical dramatization of former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos' early life--into dizzy fun by setting 22 songs to Fatboy Slim's lush and bustling dance beats."
American Songwriter,60,"The roster's promising and the concept is offbeat enough to be brilliant. The execution? It could have been a lot more inspired. Unless you come to the record already a die-hard fan of each and every one of the guest vocalists, you're going to find yourself skipping around in search of highlights."
Uncut,60,"Ultimately there are only so many excuses you can make for the fact Here Lies Love isn't an out there masterpiece, merely a somewhat outr easy listening album."
Rolling Stone,56,"At times, Here Lies Love wobbles as a concept album, and listeners unfamiliar with Marcos' story may not initially understand the lyrical conceits. But it contains enough solid material to justify repeated listens."
The A.V. Club,50,"Sadly though, the prevalence of mid-tempo, Des'ree-lite ballads and inconsistent quality make this is an exhausting listen over 90 minutes."
Boston Globe,50,"Both Byrne and Fatboy Slim have built careers on beats, the imperative of activating the hips as much as the brain, and they touch on everything from salsa to Philadelphia soul on Here Lies Love. But too often the needs of the narrative supersede the music, and too much of 'Here Lies Love' falls into midtempo blandness."
AllMusic,50,"Byrne and Slim never misstep here, but they also never surprise. At best you may wind up distantly admiring their craftsmanship."
The New York Times,50,"Pleasing yes, divine, occasionally--but Here Lies Love's strengths aren't enough to justify its bloated 22 tracks. [Spring 2010, p.69]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Here Lies Love could do with a lot less reportage and a great deal more drama, melody and wit. If anything, with morem not less, artistsic licence. [Mar 2010, p.99]"
Q Magazine,40,"As each song features a different vocalist and each is a snapshot, it's difficult to tell which character is singing, to get emotionally involved or to keep up with the story without much refernce to the book. [Apr 2010, p.103]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Marcos' life was all luxury and color, but the songs don't translate. Here Lies Love will play in gay clubs, but for a collaboration between forward-thinkers like Byrne and Cook, it's pretty safe while also having no direction."

PopMatters,90,"Robyn Hitchcock doesn't really make bad albums, but he doesn't always make legitimately great ones; Propellor Time thankfully feels like one of the high-watermarks of his post-millennial body of work, and it's beautiful, essential listening."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Propellor Time is, in short, another fine Robyn Hitchcock album, proving that, almost 35 years into his recording career, his gift for crafting such perfectly-imperfect, winningly-askew pop as strong as ever."
Paste Magazine,80,"This album finds him in complete mastery of his musical range and lyrical fancies. [Apr 2010, p.91]"
American Songwriter,70,"The album's most catchy, melodic moment is a darkly humorous societal commentary called 'Sickie Boy.' Hitchcock truly has seemed to hit his stride with the Venus 3. Here's hoping we get more songs from home in the near future."
Rolling Stone,60,"Hitchcock's attempt to create a 'Basement Tapes' vibe churns up a clutch of affable songs but he looks to have saved his best material for the near contempoary 'Ole! Tarantula.' [Apr 2010, p.103]"
Slant Magazine,60,"This is music to come home to, to guide you back through the darkness at the end of the evening and deliver you to the doorstep of a nice semi somewhere in Middle England."
Drowned In Sound,60,"While it won't lift him beyond cult status, it's typically enjoyable. [Apr 2010, p.112]"

Billboard.com,90,"This is still a Dr. Dog album and it's bound to put a smile on your face. These guys have a real knack for making classic-sounding rock & roll and Shame, Shame is the sound of a fine band really hitting its stride."
BBC Music,90,"After five full-length albums, Shame, Shame finds Dr. Dog far from having exhausted their creativity, sounding more passionate and frenzied than ever on what is a lasting testament to their showmanship and remarkably consistent songwriting."
Chicago Tribune,85,"The point is, there's nothing not to like about Shame, Shame unless you're looking for some inscrutable puzzle to solve. However, if you want something you can just sit back and soak up, well, missing this album would be the real shame."
Pitchfork,83,"It's an album of confusion and carpe diem, which might explain why its two best traits are its psychedelic bent and liveliness."
Under The Radar,82,"These 11 tunes stretch out over 40 minutes like a yawn after a good nap, and they're nearly as refreshing."
Uncut,80,"Despite the more professional scenario, they resisted the temptation to pile on unnecessary ornamentation, and instead pared back to the essentials. As a result, they've finally captured their live energy on disc, coming up with the album that might be their big breakthrough."
Mojo,80,"Dr. Dog gives its songs a casual, homely surface; it has perfected the imperfections that make indie-rock approachable."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Shame, Shame is both a more focused and lyrically mature effort without forgoing any of the band's rambling pop charm."
AllMusic,80,"Dr. Dog are a band you know you're going to appreciate as soon as you reach the first chorus. You'll want to go back and explore their back catalogue, and force them on unappreciative friends."
BBC Music,80,"For their sixth album, the quintet have finally made theor cranky Americana into fully fledged classic rock. [May 2010, p.118]"
Uncut,73,"Balancing these cheery influences with the melancholy prose is the name of the game. The lively accordion and clanky piano on the song 'Shadow People' recall Bob Dylan's 1974 country-folk single 'Forever Young,' but the cheerfulness seems to contradict Dr. Dog guitarist/vocalist Scott McMicken's strained lyric: 'It's the right time for the wrong company.'"
Under The Radar,70,"With co-producer Rob Schnapf at the helm, Dr. Dog don't sound like mere imitators--they sound like an unusually hook-savvy indie band whose taut, touching songs about friendship ('Jackie Wants a Black Eye') and life on the road ('Station') begin as straight pop rock and take thrilling turns into psychedelia."
Mojo,70,"Grooming their jam-band shagginess and spotlighting their songwriting chops, Philadelphia indie poppers Dr. Dog produce a clean, big-sounding album that uncannily evokes Summerteeth-era Wilco and Soft Bulletinera Flaming Lips."
musicOMH.com,70,"It's not very ambitious, it's not very original, and it's not very deep, but what it is is fun and what it does is give you a half hour to lose yourself in a little sun-dried nostalgia."
Q Magazine,70,"Shame, Shame is Dr. Dog's most involved record to date, proudly reaping all those years of experience."
AllMusic,67,"Portions of Shame, Shame might prove to be just a little too effervescent--certainly not a bad thing for a band with a track record that usually ran contrary. The important thing is that these songs hit more than they miss, occasionally with shimmering resolve and a couple of really big choruses to back it all up, often quite memorably."
Urb,60,"The results of this experiment are not blasphemous by any means, but they have clearly lifted their collective leg to the fire hydrant of their former selves, in favor of cleaner and hipper pop."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Though Shame, Shame succeeds more than it fails, it also exposes how difficult it's going to be for Dr. Dog to truly create a masterpiece. [Sping 2010, p.69]"
The A.V. Club,40,"More by accident than design, it works sometimes. [Aug 2010, p.79]"

Paste Magazine,82,"Dylan's newest album, Women and Country, explores fuller arrangements that better complement his simple but significant lyrics."
NOW Magazine,80,"All told, Women and Country is Dylan's most accomplished work to date, and will set the bar for all future endeavors."
The New York Times,80,"Woman + Country is somewhat of a grower--it's so purposefully hazy it seems to pleasingly fade into the slipstream upon the first play, but those repeated spins reveal the deep craft at the heart of Woman + Country, deep craft from both the songwriter, his producer, and musicians."
American Songwriter,80,"Women + Country is something of a concept album, providing a necessary and unflinching look at a people who are often too proud to admit they're dying slowly of the lonesome blues."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Ex-Wallflower's second solo reveals a chilly, magnetic power growing songer. [June 2010, p. 104]"
Q Magazine,75,"Producer T Bone Burnett, who could probably turn a Miley Cyrus ringtone into a slice of melancholic Americana, gives the collection a predictably rich frame."
Billboard.com,75,"Women + Country sets the standard for new-century conformist rock--a genre far less boring than that phrase might suggest."
Rolling Stone,72,"Maybe it's the presence of guitarist Marc Ribot, maybe it's the arrangements, or maybe it's Dylan's vocal register and choice of themes, but the vibe often recalls a more laid-back Tom Waits or Joe Henry. That's not bad company to keep, though Dylan's delivery lacks any edge or emotional undertow that make the lyrics speak more pointedly than Ribot's stinging guitar."
Spin,70,"It's an inverted-commas proper long-player, which manifests a relaxed mood and maintains it marvellously."
Sputnikmusic,63,"The 11 tracks of 'Women and Country' are similarly dressed [as the Robert Plant-Alison Krauss collaboration 'Raising Sand'] with low-key Americana atmospherics. The results, however, are mixed."
PopMatters,60,"Where Women + Country mostly suffers is from Dylan's lack of edge. Over the weeping fiddles, creaking shakes and pounds of the percussion, and howling pedal steel, Dylan's gentle baritone and choirboy-like delivery often fails to compliment the production."
Pitchfork,60,"The understated gospel-style fervor and steely determination of 'Nothing But The Whole Wide World' with Neko Case stands out. [Jun 2010, p.84]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Now fully reinvented as a quietly reflective singer-songwriter blessed with good taste and emotional insight, his second solo album, Women And Country, is more than worthy of the family name. [Jun 2010, p.132]"
Under The Radar,50,"Dylan clearly set out to cut a classic country album in the tradition of Williams and Cash (and that other famous Dylan), but the end result feels more studied than spirited-somewhat like a poor period film, where the lovingly recreated sets and costumes only seem to highlight the bland performances."

Uncut,83,"Javelin's No Mas presents 15 handmade jams that might not get the party started, but should at least sustain the hazy sunshine of 2009's 'Deadbeat Summer' through summer 2010."
Billboard.com,80,"For the most part, the cutesiness is kept just controlled enough to make the songs intriguing."
American Songwriter,80,"The duo are clever producers. The album doesn't have the lopsided minimalism that's typical with the collage approach. Percussion is only as crisp as the leads and fills the spectrum evenly."
AllMusic,80,"While the album's unique collage of what seems like vintage sounds will prompt endless 'is that a sample?' debates amongst crate diggers, the pure joy offered by just listening will hopefully reveal those arguments for what they are-beside the point."
musicOMH.com,80,"Javelin know what they're good at, where they stand, and they aren't trying to shove their knowledge and musical interests in their listeners faces. Instead, they let them find it for themselves by picking up on bits and pieces and carrying them forward, focusing on what interests them without having to worry about what they don't."
Mojo,72,"Javelin's best tracks may hold up under professional production in a year where many a group's cassette-tape flaws will likely sabotage similar leaps, but trading in their boombox for a proper stereo isn't necessarily an upgrade."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Apparently, No Ms is completely sample free, with every sound painstakingly worked on to make it sound like it came from an old sample. It's this kind of logic that makes No Ms an oddly compelling listen, in the sense that you're never quite sure whether what you're hearing is amazing or awful."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Javelin don't yet possess the same kind of wit and invention of their most obvious forbearers, but there's enormous potential here, and the biggest compliment that can be paid to No Ms is that it will sound best when reduced down to an audio tape and shoved into one of the boomboxes that Langford and van Buskirk so slavishly worship."
Paste Magazine,70,"This tenuous house of musical cards may be scotch-taped together, but it's the exhilarating feeling that it might fold in on itself at any moment that renders it so compelling. [Spring 2010, p.70]"
BBC Music,70,"It's mellow, maybe a little too mellow, but the duo seems to be okay with that. And although the layout of the tracks flows in and out of consciousness and doesn't really take the record anywhere specific, it is considerably cohesive."
Los Angeles Times,68,"On their second release No Mas, cousins George Langford and Tom Van Buskirk stake their claim in the world of electronica with an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach, yielding infectious but often mind-boggling results."
PopMatters,63,"The duo can't possibly keep up this kind of frivolous pace, and several of the 15 tracks are just (and I apologize for using the term) chillwave jams--but nearly all are expertly crafted, and hedged with mirthy dance flavor."
Uncut,60,"In lengthening the song lengths and trimming the tracklist, No Mas jettisons the spontaneous, off-the-cuff energy that made their debut so incredibly fun."
Q Magazine,50,"No Ms has three-fifths as many tracks in the same amount of time [as Jamz n Jemz], and for the most part, each track outstays its welcome."

Slant Magazine,81,"hey've never been as good or as distinct as they are on Steal Your Face."
The A.V. Club,80,"Per usual, the music is skewed and exhausting (in the best way imaginable) and the rhythmic interplay between bassist Jacob Long and drummer Damon Palermo is fantastic."
AllMusic,80,"Now Mi Ami are making sense. Now you realise that this band is actually really good. Really, really good. And they make you want to dance."
Dusted Magazine,80,"In the fury of these cool-crushing rushes Mi Ami are exhilarating, roaring forwards, chasing risk like Can tied to the back of a pick-up truck and dragged across the surface of the sun."
XLR8r,80,"Mi Ami continues to explore its loose-groove, jam-band tendencies on the epic 'Dreamers' and album closer 'Slow,' but in far more reserved quantities than Watersports, making for a much more exciting and immediately lovable listen."
Urb,80,"This isnt Black Eyes, or Public Image Ltd., or even the Mi Ami you knew, and it sure as hell aint Bob Marley. This is just a band at their very best pointing a fresh way forward for anyone lucky enough to listen closely."
Pitchfork,70,"Despite all its goodness and lunacy, Steal Your Face is not a record that is likely to find itself touching the needle very often. It doesnt beg for repeat listens, simply because most normal human beings arent able to handle the speed and sonically-pulverizing vibe."
musicOMH.com,60,"Steal Your Face, while still maintaining its fair share of robust moments, can often feel a bit second-tier. Perhaps its because Watersports felt more spontaneous."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Mi Ami makes a joyfully ungovernable tribal noise on this second album. [May 2010, p.99]"
Under The Radar,60,"Martin-McCormick's vocals remain a deal-breaker, his high-pitched yelp threatening to overheat otehrwise superb, noise-slicked bangers. [June 2010, p. 104]"
PopMatters,60,"The band continues to mine their particular brand of post-hardcore, danceable, free-punk madness--with satisfying results."

Billboard.com,83,"I Will Be always sounds erratically adolescent in the best possible sense."
The Boston Phoenix,82,"The result is a more accessible version of Dum Dum Girls, bolstered by terrific harmonies (three of the four girls contribute vocals) and a crisper rhythm section."
No Ripcord,80,"This rollicking debut album is a balance-redressing, clich-bucking tonic."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Some may argue that theres nothing here the Ramones or Jesus and Mary Chain didnt do decades ago, and there are obvious similarities, to be sure. However, the decidedly female energy the Dum Dum Girls bring to the table puts them in their own category, inserting some welcome softness and subtlety into the genre."
Pitchfork,80,"On her Dum Dum debut, assisted by Blondie and Go-Go's producer Richard Gottehrer, she cages contagious odes to husband-Crocodiles singer Brandon Welchez (as well as anxious ruminations on losing him) in metallic distortion."
AllMusic,80,"I Will Be is undeniably derivative--but exhilarating with it."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While unlikely to win many prizes for originality, I Will Be possesses likability in spades, not to mention a hefty selection of demurely constructed tunes that might delve into the past for inspiration but smile brightly into the future as a result."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Each song sounds like a distinct ray of light and although its packed into something both concise and brief, its the strength of each song that makes the whole album stand out."
XLR8r,80,"Combining 60s girl pop and 70s garage pop with the lo-fi mist that, admittedly, shares common ground with bands like Wavves, Vivian Girls and No Age, Dum Dum Girls come up with a very relevant and heartwarming throwback."
Dusted Magazine,80,"With each offering clocking in around the two minute mark, 'I Will Be' is over almost as soon as it's begun - leaving behind a smouldering trail of hazy mysticism and filthy bass lines. It's short and sweet, but there's a definite sting in the tail."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"All in all, Dum Dum Girls have come into their own with a rare debut effort on which everything comes together in a way where reach and grasp go hand-in-hand. In short, I Will Be suggests that the Dum Dum Girls future is now."
PopMatters,80,"There's nothing here that hasn't been heard before from countless others, but it's put together with impeccable taste and--importantly--a skilled ear for a tune. [May 2010, p.118]"
Uncut,80,"It's a neat homage to '60s girl groups and C86 bands they inspired, spooked-out bubblegum delivered in singer Dee Dee's naive but infectious sing-song. [Jun 2010, p.98]"
Mojo,75,"Mostly, though, I Will Be is a flawlessly light album that floats to the top of a lo-fi pond overcrowded with sinking debris."
Under The Radar,70,"On the whole, I Will Be invites you to be whisked along by the sheer energy burst: the potsnpans clatter of the drums, the crackle and fizz from the amps and the bitter take on romance from Dee Dee herself."
AllMusic,70,"The Dum Dum Girls debut, I Will Be, plays like a veritable best-of of current trends in lo-fi rock n' pop. In fact, the discs (admittedly exhilarating) fidelity to the budding-but-already-overdone genre nearly weighs it down."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Its anachronistic, fashionable and sometimes quite beautiful. Its teen music for adults. Its also incredibly sentimental."
Uncut,70,"Dee Dees strong, confident voice and songwriting compensates for the lack of originality."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The record isnt a complete knockout, but its a nice consolidation of the Dum Dum Girls sound to date and a fine starting point in what could be a nice string of noise pop records."
musicOMH.com,67,"I Will Be provides a welcome and not so dumb dumb tweak to the same old fuzzed-out garage lexicon."
Pitchfork,60,"With production by Richard Goettehrer, who has worked with Blondie, the Go-Gos and others, sees the Dum Dum Girls sound achieve an authentic, balanced sound, deliberately lo-fi and tinny yet listenable and intoxicating."
The Guardian,60,"Frontwoman Dee Dee's vocals are largely an impressionistic wash, just anther instrument buried in the mix, yet her delivery is impeccable. [Winter 2010, p,62]"
Uncut,60,"The summery feel and gloriously messy pop sensibility are at times great fun, but with something that is so derivative, it is hard to get too carried away without getting an urge to switch this album off and dig out the originals."

Paste Magazine,80,"Where Vol. 1 presented shorter versions of singles from their earliest incarnation and shaped them into a seamless full-length, this set is different in approach and sound, though no less worthy. It covers a wider sonic scope and brings us up to 2009 in their evolution."
Billboard.com,80,"While there will always be the criticism that a Wooden Shjips record is a merely an acquired taste of familiar morsels, the ripened fruits within never fail to satisfy the palette on every count, and even though some of Vol. 2 may be three years old, its a more than worthy addition to anyone's sonic menu."
Rolling Stone,80,"This fine collection is actually more enjoyable than the Shjips' second album proper. [Apr 2010, p.109]"
AllMusic,80,"Wooden Shjips obviously arent interested in the same progressive spirit as the likes of fellow travellers Oneida but theyre still damn effective at what they do."
Filter,70,"No weirder-than-thou fragments and rejected material here, though: this is a seven-track collection that holds a general, accessible appeal for fans of all things sunfried and fuzzed-out."
cokemachineglow,63,"You'd be forgiven for expecting little more than fan-bait out of a release that gathers the band's between-album singles and rarities. But the big draw of Wooden Shjips is the way they go about streamlining multiple strains of psychedelic rock with the single-mindedness of a band more interested in refinement than experimentation, and there's plenty of refined material on Vol. 2."
Mojo,60,"Onstage, they probably blow minds; on record, they're for genre fans only."

Spin,80,"The Replacements-inspired tattered intensity of the band's first two LPs is still present, but working with multiple producers has brought enough variety to keep the surprises coming. [Apr 2010, p.109]"
Urb,77,"On In the Dark the band has paired its roadworthiness with greater ingenuity, and it finally feels like a fuse has been lit."
The A.V. Club,73,"The 11-song set draws from some of the Big Apple's more established rock outfits, but still keeps the DIY feel of the Whigs' previous albums."
Slant Magazine,70,"The band's third disc is the sharpest distillation of its neo-college rock yet, with Animal Collective producer Ben H. Allen's arty, wall-of-sound approach brightening singer-guitarist Parker Gispert's underdog anthems while rarely slowing them down."
PopMatters,70,"The Whigs absorbed every rock trend of the '90s, consciously taking in the cool stuff while the mainstream tunes seeped in, and here they turn In the Dark into something that's a guilty pleasure for anyone raised on grunge."
Under The Radar,70,"The album does have spots that border on being too polished, so these Southern gents would do well to remember that everything is better with a little bit of dirt on it. [Winter 2010, p.100]"
Pitchfork,70,"Baffling production questions aside, In The Dark is still another solid entry into what's becoming a pretty spotless discography for a band with seemingly little aspirations to do anything but be a predictable answer to what a band called 'the Whigs' would sound like."
Prefix Magazine,60,"There's nothing staggeringly new happening here, but it's all deftly delivered and sure to find favour. [Mar 2011, p.106]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Their third album sports a more generic, arena-friendly sound, as if displaying too much personality was a liability."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The lyrics are largely uncomplicated musings about disastrous love and lust but the band manages to broaden its musical style without compromising its core identity. A solid next step in the band's evolution and not a bad listen either."
Paste Magazine,58,"At times, Parker Gispert's voice is buffed clean of any individual characteristics; at other times, it's contorted into a hackneyed imitation of Southern rockers such as Jim James. The album's best moments, unsurprisingly, are those in which the band lays off the mixing knobs."
PopMatters,50,"In the Dark is an excessively fundamental album (guitars, drums, and bass, chorus-verse-chorus-that's all there), and viscerally, it's not too offensive."
Prefix Magazine,40,"You could call it 'rock on autopilot'. It would be a good description. If you asked some space creatures to create an album of banal Earthling arena rock, they might very well create In the Dark using a tentacleful of the simplest mathematical algorithms."
Pitchfork,40,"The trio's ambitious, albeit generic arena rock sound proves more appropriate for frat boys than campus indie rockers. [Spring 2010, p.72]"
New Musical Express (NME),36,"While the songs certainly do the Whigs no favors, the production and mixing on Dark are downright unconscionable, making one long for the relative restraint of Don Gilmore or Andy Wallace."
Mojo,30,"In the Dark is a big, loud, dumb record, filled with songs about not respecting women you bang on the bus ('Someone's Daughter'), feeling empty inside ('So Lonely' and 'I Don't Even Care About The One I Love') and being for real ('I Am For Real')."
AllMusic,20,"This is not an observation about theme--the record is unremarkable in both sound and execution."

Drowned In Sound,100,"This concert CD/DVD does a great job of highlighting both sides of The White Stripes' carefully controlled public persona."
Slant Magazine,91,"Jack and Meg careen from riff to riff, idea to idea, clinging for dear life as they dig their spurs into the mythical rodeo beast of rock n roll. Their lean guitar-and-drums approach allows them to turn on a dime, following any stormy muse they please."
Chicago Tribune,90,"As a stand-alone release, its impressive; as a document and celebration of the greatest band of 21st century (sorry, Radiohead), its imperative."
The Guardian,90,"Under Great White Northern Lights is a perfect explanation of the band's significance to doubters, now and in the future."
No Ripcord,87,"The album sounds ridiculously heavy, with many songs-- including the gurgling 'I'm Slowly Turning Into You' and the Dusty Springfield cover 'I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself'-- easily trumping their studio counterparts."
Under The Radar,80,"The live album is built from tracks taken from different shows so doesnt show off the improvisatory nature of their setlist-free shows, but again, its a reminder that their three-year absence is a bit of a tragedy."
Uncut,80,"So unlike 'Raw & Alive' by The Seeds, say there's no need for overdubbed excitement here, just the Noughties' most smokin' rock'n'roll act, on breathtaking form. [Apr 2010, p.96]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Since a big part of the Stripes live show also rests on their visuals, the Under Great White Northern Lights DVD gives the complete experience, but this album is satisfying enough to make it a must for most fans."
The Guardian,70,"Under Great White Northern Lights would be a funny postscript. It's not particularly revelatory, less cohesive a concert film that Under Blackpool Lights, and in no way intimates that the band was about to go into hiatus. Really, it serves, more than anything else, as a reminder of just how singularly odd the White Stripes are, and how boring things are without them around."
AllMusic,70,"Northern Lights captures the live show as circus, the aura where group participation and the raggedness of improvisation supersedes a faithful rendering of songs, an interpretation that, if not always satisfying to listen to, is at least fascinating to behold."
BBC Music,63,"But right down to the tongue-in-cheek stage patter (My names Jack White and this is my big sister Meg White on the drums!) theres nothing here that White Stripes fans havent heard before."
Uncut,60,"They're a great loud band, but apart from some bagpipes before Let's Shake Hands, there's little new or particularly interesting here."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Ultimately, like many live albums before them and certainly after them, it's just okay. It succeeds in capturing a performance that is an apt representation of the band and is largely an aural pleasure, yet you never really shake the fruitless nature of the album."
musicOMH.com,60,"As part filler, part last-band-standing victory lap. Under Great White Northern Lights is a worthwhile addition to The Stripes' discography. [Spring 2010, p.71]"
PopMatters,60,"The combo of an unadventurous set-list and cutting between several different shows makes Under Great White Northern Lights an oddly detached experience. [Jun 2010, p.111]"
Q Magazine,50,"The sold-separately CD soundtrack reiterates that point, capturing the pair's post-millennium blues, from the scat-rap, tornado groove of 'Icky Thump' and electric mandolin haunt 'Little Ghost' to the proto-punk, Maximum R&B of 'Let's Shake Hands.'"

Urb,80,"The Alphabet of Hurricanes reinforces his status as one of Britain's better songwriters. Using banjo and mandolin, he's made a beautiful, contemplative record."
cokemachineglow,70,"For the most part, though, the songs are spilled out softly in McRae's high, honey-coated voice, and are centered around humble-but-plaintive acoustic guitar and piano patterns. This proves to be just the right mode for a guy whose worldview is rather less than cheery."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This is a far from perfect album, but at its peak its highly mature, seasoned music. Exhaustion clearly seems to be beneficial to McRaes unique sound."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's a smart collection of songs full of inner turbulance, delivered in an emotional voice that at times recall Guy Garvey. [MAr 2010, p.90]"
AllMusic,50,"Gone is the rawness of his debut and the innovation of its two follow ups. More worryingly, hes missing the emotion that made those records so potent."
musicOMH.com,40,"Tom McRae is so desperately trying to convince us that he's still a curmudgeon and angst continues to fill his soul, but it sounds unconvincingly flat."
XLR8r,40,"For fans of those unabashedly earnest and heartfelt records that was filling up the charts between grunge singles nearly 15 to 20 years ago, Alphabet might come as a needed relief from todays bearded, lo-fidelity folk stars spewing abstract poetics. For the rest of us, McRaes release is just too dated and inflated to take seriously."
Pitchfork,40,"The hushed mandolins of 'Still Love You' nudge it toward Sufjan Stevens territory and 'Wont's Lie' is a witty gothic waltz, but neither does enough to atone for the mawkish excesses eleswhere. [Apr 2010, p115]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Wolfs elastic compositions straddle the line between a multitude of genres without making it sound forced. Widely respected as one of the best drummers on the indie scene for years, Josiah Wolf has deftly proven he has the chops to stand on his own."
Under The Radar,78,"Jet Lag is a confident, mature, fully-realized record, and much denser than it lets on."
PopMatters,70,"Jet Lag is a modest slice of lonesome lo-fi indie folk as they used to make it back when the para-Pavement galaxy was still busy splintering into its constituent planets, the ruminative Bermans and the verbose Pollards and the melodically off-kilter Barlows."
BBC Music,70,"Whilst at times the melodies feel frail, and it seems to struggle with a slight lack of something musically, at others the album is triumphant, with complex, brilliant pop songs about that age old theme, heartbreak."
Q Magazine,60,"The stylistic similarities are pretty undeniable, and not necessarily to Josiah's advantage--but the elder Wolf has enough of a distinct voice (and enough to say with it) that Why?'s fans will definitely want to give it a listen--and those who find Yoni a bit too dizzyingly cerebral might take more kindly to Josiah's sincerity and directness."
Slant Magazine,60,"Skull In The Ice is an exception; perhaps the most tender of all the songs, it begins with a stripped-down strum and evolves in the chorus with luscious, rich surroundings. It's the sort of crescendo all these tales deserve, but the hungover state of affairs that rings supreme in this record seldom allows for this to happen."
musicOMH.com,60,"Now and then, Wolf will offer thoughtful contemplations surrounded by muted chimes and generous xylophone twinkles, but if it's a matter of Wolf's work being particularly groundbreaking, then we'd urge him to think before taking the red-eye."
No Ripcord,56,"Lyrically, Wolf is convincing when sticking to the grief-stricken script. It's when he goes off-book that things start to get awkward."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Wolf gets lost in tepid mumbling, the musical equivalent of the guy at the end of the bar staring forlornly into his whiskey."
Billboard.com,40,"These surreal, often diaristic tracks miserably ruminate on the end of Wolf's 11-year relationship with his wife, but are somewhat bolstered by his percussion-centric use of marimbas, vibes, and bells. [Winter 2010, p.72]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),30,"For all of Wolfs bravery in putting his broken heart on public display, on Jet Lag it is, sadly, only the banality that winds up being contagious for the listener."

Prefix Magazine,100,"Only behind such a distracting smokescreen could Damon Albarn get away with conducting a project as sprawling, daring, innovative, surprising, muddled and magnificent as Plastic Beach: not just one of the best records of 2010, but a release to stand alongside the greatest Albarns ever been involved with and a new benchmark for collaborative music as a whole."
Pitchfork,100,"There was nothing like 'Demon Days' before and there's been nothing like it since. Until now.[...] Plastic Beach picks up several steps on from where its predecessor left off. [Apr 2010, p.104]"
The A.V. Club,100,"Though it's only to be considered 'pop' in the most obscure sense, and it goes to show Albarn has a pretty warped concept of the term, Plastic Beach provides the almighty shakeup that pop music has needed for some time."
cokemachineglow,100,"Its real strength lies in the fact that it implores you to return for repeated visits to a world riddled with other people's cast-offs. Ironically, it recycles nothing; everything here is box fresh."
Uncut,100,"The whole thing works beautifully, more with each listen."
Drowned In Sound,90,"It will be the simple fact that its as good as anything Albarn has ever done and for the Gorillaz, a fantastically tailored album from top to bottom."
The Guardian,90,"More than happy to engage the pop mainstream (once heard, the irresistible, day-glo chorus of 'Superfast Jellyfish' is never forgotten), yet experimental enough to satisfy the hipsters, these cartoon characters just made the first 3-D album of the new decade."
Boston Globe,88,"Plastic Beach is a full blown hip-hop/trip-hop album and a prime example of how to stray away from one genre to dominate another. If Albarn has done anything with this project, he has shown his knowledge of flawless production and the ability to create aesthetically pleasing tunes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,85,"He never panders to them; instead, Plastic Beach's guest vocals are anchored by Albarn's own melodic flair. His falsettoed ennui shines through, and the songs are loaded with Albarn's pet sounds."
NOW Magazine,85,"The one-time Blur frontman has transcended some of the post-modern artifice of this project, and created the group's most affecting and uniquely inviting album. Joke's over, Gorillaz are real."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Plastic Beach runs out of steam toward the end, but Gorillaz combine their myriad of voices better than they ever have, creating a mood thats simultaneously nostalgic and ominous."
Chicago Tribune,83,"Find, here, Gorillaz third record, some sort of masterpiece within the bands canon, and undoubtedly the best chillwave record ever recorded."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It displays a sonic ambition, an openmindedness and a melodic gift that puts so much modern pop to shame. [April 2010, p.85]"
Lost At Sea,80,"Because past the pop songs, past the soaring (and lets not make any bones about it, this album soars in places) this is a supremely clever album."
Clash Music,80,"Not all of Plastic Beach's concoctions work. It's a moot point as to whether the fake jingle of Superfast Jellyfish, featuring De La Soul and Gruff Rhys, is daffily entertaining or just annoying beyond belief--but there's something hugely impressive about Albarn's ability to coax artists out of their comfort zone."
Rolling Stone,80,"From the languid, early Bowie dreaminess of Empire Ants to the chilled-out fuzz-funk of Stylo, featuring a startling eruptive vocal from the legendary Bobby Womack, Plastic Beach captivates."
Spin,80,"Albarn doesn't give us a 'Clint Eastwood' or a 'Dare' this time around, but in spite of a messy and patently artificial conceptual framework, Plastic Beach feels clean, shiny, and new."
PopMatters,80,"It has hooks, but none as immediate as past Gorillaz hits Feel Good Inc. or 19-2000. This is a hefty offering clocking in at nearly an hour and featuring everyone from Lou Reed to Snoop Dogg."
AllMusic,75,"Sometimes, especially in the album's latter half, that sonic drift can come off as dull, and even dispiriting. Often, though, they do it with style."
RapReviews.com,75,"The result is an album that is slightly less immediate--the instant appeal of a hit such as Clint Eastwood or Feel Good Inc. is lacking. Bobby Womacks strident vocal on Stylo is a rare burst of exuberance, but much of the rest exudes a chilled charm."
Under The Radar,75,"With synth tones straight outta Miami Vice and dreamy melodies that cut through the fog-machine haze, Plastic Beach is music for piloting your speedboat beyond the no-wake zone, or for looking back from the future with a sentimental affinity for the past."
Mojo,75,"While there's no immediate pop hit present a la 'Feel Good Inc' or 'Clint Eastwood' to get sucked into straight off, Albarn's ability to juggle his rotating ensemble cast and still spin a cohesive yarn for all of sixteen tracks remains something to behold."
The New York Times,70,"Best when hes corralling others into out-of-their-comfort-zone creativity, its the Albarn-sung tracks on the second half of the album where the attention wanders and the album opening Snoop Dogg cameo seems a million miles away. Of course, theres alot here to take in and maybe it just needs a fair few listens to fully digest it - the sign of any album worth its salt."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Plastic Beach proves that he's most truly himself when he turns into a cartoon."
Austin Chronicle,70,"It's a jumble. But Albarn's love of 'Waterloo Sunset' poignancy adds emotional weight."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Overall, while the album isnt an artistic triumph or grand satirical gesture, it is an enjoyable ride and is the best place to start if you just want a taste of Albarns post-Blur musical prowess and Hewletts animation wizardry."
AllMusic,70,"Ironically, these individual pieces dont add up to an overall masterpiece, possibly because the narrative is convoluted and strained, getting in the way of the pure musical flow, but also because its hard not to shake the feeling that this is a transitional effort, pointing toward a day when Damon Albarn will feel no need to front a band, not even in a cartoon guise."
BBC Music,70,"Songs like 'Glitter Freeze' push that envelope to its furthest extent, where Albarn's sound becomes a plastic trance dance more at home with pulsing dancefloor strobe lights than a booming club with a DJ spinning the hottest rap hits. That may be a step too far for some. Tracks like 'White Flag' and 'Cloud of Unknowing' walk the line between those extremes."
Boston Globe,70,"Plastic Beach's remaining eight tracks sound less immediate, sometimes getting lost in the album's complicated--albeit culturally-relevant--concept."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The music that wraps around the concept is never boring and much of it is excellent....What's lacking is the nailed-on megatune--a 'Clint Eastwood' or 'Feel Good Inc'--that we've come to expect from a Gorillaz album. [Apr 2010, p.99]"
Slant Magazine,50,"This is a dull album, revealing how over the space of three records, Mr. Albarn and Mr. Hewlett have moved from wacky conceptualists to self-satisfied dilettantes."
Alternative Press,50,"All these songs just sound too much like Gorillaz songs, in an uncomfortable, self-conscious way."
Filter,40,"The Windows operating system segue of Mark E. Smith ('Glitter Freeze') into Lou Reed ('Some Kind of Nature') is as apropos as used syringes littering Plastic Beach, which defines the disc's wasteland second half after 'On Melancholy Hill.' 'Rhinestone Cowboy,' meet 'Rhinestone Eyes.'"
Paste Magazine,37,"Too many of these 16 hazy, half-crazy tracks sound like undercooked studio goofs recorded in the wee hours by Albarn and his impressive circle of celebrity pals."

Spin,80,"With an overall sound that seems inspired by a searing mix of old-timey blues mixed with a hypodermic blast of melodic noise, there is a driving, wild-eyed intensity to many of the tracks on Beat the Devil's Tattoo."
Billboard.com,80,"It's an album that largely triumphs with a black snake moan and the revitalised, tempestuous twin snarl of Peter Hayes and Robert Levon Been."
Rolling Stone,80,"Acoustic ballads, space-rock forays, and splashes of glam bubble up before its all over, while a pervasive darkness holds the album together. Happily, it seems BRMCs odyssey continues."
NOW Magazine,80,"If there were ever a reason for Black Rebel Motorcycle Club's existence, this would be it, and despite the false dawns of albums past, Beat The Devil's Tattoo can hold its head high as their most compulsive body of work to date."
No Ripcord,80,"At its finest, the album serves as the ideal soundtrack for a fleet of lonely, grizzled bikers lost on a desert highway: slow-rolling and hardened, simultaneously seething, brooding, and wistful, and armed with the pride of vagrancy."
Under The Radar,80,"Mostly, the band have improved their songcraft and melodies, as evident in the positively infectious album highlight 'Bad Blood.' [Apr 2010, p.122]"
Pitchfork,80,"Its no leap forward, but surely no step backward either."
Uncut,72,"Beat the Devils Tattoo finds a balance in grimy blues licks (War Machine), catchy hooks (Bad Blood) and some huge, slabs of rock (Aya)."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Sometimes, as on the Velvets-y vacuum of 'Evol,' the trio merely imitate instead of inhabit. But those moments are redeemed by many others that prove original thoughts aren't always necessary for a gritty good time."
Q Magazine,68,"The result is a collection rich in fan favorites, but lacking in momentum."
Pitchfork,60,"Devil's Tattoo is unremittingly grim, and undeniably fun. Few bands wear their frowns so well."
Lost At Sea,60,"They may have quenched their thirst for charging rock, but its their mellower songs that stand out."
Filter,60,"Its their most consistent outing since their debut, but its never much better than average. BRMC is a decent rock band, and if all we expect from them is fuzzed out garage jams they dont disappoint."
AllMusic,60,"'Howl' prepared BRMC fans for the deeper blues foray Beat has fullly entered. [Winter 2010, p.62]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Sixth studio outing Beat the Devil's Tattoo is already getting billed as the one that brings all these prodigal sons' (and daughters'-- ex-Raveonette Leah Shapiro is now on drums) stylistic detours back home. It kind of is, but if BRMC's sound has cohered, their songwriting has unfortunately done the opposite."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"It's unlikely comfort is their aim, but that's the effect oif this over-familiar blend of woozy disaffection and slow-burning sensuality. [Apr 2010, p.83]"
BBC Music,40,"Every single one of the lyrics is either a really, really lame Spacemen Zero drug innuendo (the  hey!  10-minute epic Half-State), about twisted love (the  hey!  stripped down Sweet Feelings Gone) or mentions highways."
musicOMH.com,40,"Beat the Devil's Tattoo finds BRMC edging ever further toward parody. [Apr 2010, p.109]"

NOW Magazine,100,"Quarantine the Past doesn't replace the albums, but it's a highly listenable alternative that is as much a treat for nostalgic older fans as it is a valuable gateway for new listeners."
Uncut,99,"Diehards will lob all the complaints about sequencing and omissions, but if we're being honest here, what this compilation isn't leaves no blemish on the quality of what it actually is."
Delusions of Adequacy,91,"Its a nice cross-section of material that highlights why Pavement was such a darling of the alt press, but Quarantine fails to truly capture the greatness."
Mojo,90,"Think of Quarantine the Past as a cousin to Hot Rocks or the Red and Blue Albums: it doesnt tell you everything you need to know, but as a primer, its hard to beat."
Q Magazine,90,"In other words, its exactly what a Pavement retrospective should be - a heavily slanted, palpably enchanted slab of richly flawed anarcho-pop."
Paste Magazine,90,"The ore of modern Pitchfork rock is here, laid out in all its flawed-diamond beauty. For a canon so flagrant in its faults, Quarantine is all-but faultless."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It all clicks into gear by the end, and it perhaps bodes well that they appear to have worked out how to finish things on a high."
PopMatters,80,"In short, Pavement's influence will continue to be felt for years to come, and this compilation admirably explains why."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The album contains some indisputable classics (Here, Summer Babe, Shady Lane) but aims to dig deeper than the hits."
Alternative Press,80,"This new 23-track compilation, cherry-picking the back catalogue from 1989's 'Box Elder' through to 1999's 'Terror Twilight,' might help resolve the band's final enigma. [Apr 2010, p.102]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Quarantine The Past: The Best of Pavement comes after a decade of constant re-releases, bonus discs and live albums, so it shouldnt surprise that it comes off as a final, all-encompassing victory lap. Luckily the tracks chosen reach deep enough to make it at the very least a respectable best of compilation."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The quality across this neat primer demands the high star rating. [Apr 2010, p.112]"
Pitchfork,80,"Quarantine The Past, a 23-track Best Of, blazes their reunion trail, working as either a tremendous primer for the uninitiated or a dizzying reminder of their remarkable abilities. [Apr 2010, p.124]"
Under The Radar,78,"Mixing deathless classics (Here, Gold Soundz, Range Life,) with a few non-album gems (Frontwards), its a near-ideal primer on the savviest slacker-rock band ever."
Urb,60,"Quarantine The Past, a 'best of' compilation designed for those who didn't experience the band at the right age (a group that is now well out of college), attempts to put the band's best musical face forward."
XXL,50,"Understand that most of the tracks are excellent. If this were a stand-alone record, I would rate it more highly. As an overview of or introduction to Pavement, it is terribly flawed."

RapReviews.com,86,"The end result is this expertly-crafted, inoffensive, hook-laden pop. Though it gets a bit silly in places, the core of this disc is far too good to pass up."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Via Audio thrill at taking risks, succeeding throughout the album's 12 tracks. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"Via Audio are audacious in their attempt to create a wide array of organic sounds, and their efforts pay off; its not often that a band can instill so many approaches into an album and get away with it but Animalore delivers the goods."
Billboard.com,60,"When Animalore clicks, it does it well, but there are too many stretches on here where the bands restraint feels like theyre playing it safe."
Spin,48,"With songwriting that veers between snoozy and face-palming, it's the kind of sophomore album that makes you question whether the debut deserved so much love in the first place."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Pleasant, yes, amd occassionally clever--but if the band can't commit to it, why should you? [Winter 2010, p.72]"

Pitchfork,80,"With a brand new sound, rich production, and a palpable sense of growth, graduation has come, and Kidz in the Hall have officially earned their degree in unadulterated artistry."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The tandem intuitively displays a concept--the grind, fame, and reconciliation--by evolving the lyrical content and changing the aural backdrops"
Filter,80,"It's an excellent original product from young inspired artists. If you are looking for underground musicians who are about to explode, look no further than these two."
Pitchfork,75,"Double-O and Nawledge were not yet capable of chopping up the sort of cuts that people sing in traffic. They are now--there's no boredom in Land of Make Believe."
musicOMH.com,70,"Sour backpackers and over-scrutinizing fans that hold the Kidz in high regard may be disappointed by all the light-heartedness, but trim the fat and the party people will be rewarded with a vibrant, clever celebration."
AllMusic,68,"Naledge's rhymes are a complex web of pop culture references and braggadocio. Double-O's pop-soul production serves as a bright, sugary backdrop for Naledge's brag-rap."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Save a few deft meditations on the stresses of blog-rap fame ('Flickin',' 'L_O_V_E'), rapper Naledge and producer Double-O also sound uninspired, squandering their boyish Ivy League enthusiasm on clichd odes to nightclub decadence."
Sputnikmusic,45,"Aside from the occasional goofy detail (I love sandwiches after sex), their horndog bravado provides exceedingly little in the way of memorable lines, growing numbing and interchangeable over the course of 15 tracks."
The New York Times,40,"The long list of guests here indicates a record in need of some padding, but most of these names provide little more than hook fodder."

The A.V. Club,89,"It's not extraordinarily original, but they do a masterful job at piecing together classic pop elements in an incredibly thoughtful and enjoyable way, crafting an album that's sure to please indie snobs, pop purists and, well, anyone else who might be listening."
BBC Music,84,"The Morning Benders have grown from playing taut three-minute melodies to sophisticated chamber pop with a focus on ambiance and layered harmonies."
No Ripcord,82,"Giving too much credit to Taylor's influence and direction, however, undermines the Morning Benders' stylistic transition, one any band would envy and many listeners will love."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Big Echo won't change the direction of modern music but it's such an easy, pleasurable listen that it can't fail to enrich whatever environment it's played in. Unreservedly recommended."
cokemachineglow,80,"Big Echo takes a page from Pet Sounds by allowing the production to shine on its own, highlighting the studio embellishments but never shifting focus away from the bands own hooks."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There may be a lack of deliberation or direction in this record, but Big Echo is nothing short of a triumph for The Morning Benders and will be remembered by many as one of 2010s most ambitious records."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's not just the sound, but the structure of the songwriting which can lack variation. Nevertheless, Big Echo, especially its first half, proves my initial thought when first running the record through. The Morning Benders definitely are a band worth getting excited about."
PopMatters,80,"Sometimes lush, sometimes turbulent, the arrangements make Mr. Chus melodies more luminous while they open up mysterious spaces behind lyrics that ponder continuity and collapse. Its a splendid transformation."
Slant Magazine,75,"Ultimately, the lushness is merely an entry point, and the influence-ripping distracts, but doesnt derail: Big Echo is best enjoyed for its clutch of memorable moments pinned on a pretty backdrop."
NOW Magazine,70,"Big Echo is an immediate, inviting listen. Its not breaking any boundaries of inspired expression, but for what it is its a fine set indeed."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The Benders sound buttoned-up and clean-cut, infinitely pleasant and inoffensive, one suggestive song title (Pleasure Sighs) notwithstanding."
Uncut,70,"The main thing preventing Big Echo from being a very good (or even a great) album is that the bulk of it is clearly and undeniably influenced by the quieter moments from Grizzly Bears oeuvre."
Dusted Magazine,70,"What damns them is how they frequently grasp at Grizzly Bears familiar brand of prettiness, rarely capturing the effortlessness that would keep a better record afloat."
Under The Radar,70,"The result is a collection of pop songs with a good sense of both depth and dynamics."
Urb,60,"Grizzly Bears Chris Taylor has his production paws all over San Franciscan quartet The Morning Benders second full-length effort, and while Big Echo has more than pastiche to offer, a great deal of it still sounds a bit too familiar."
AllMusic,60,"Big Echo is hardly a bad record, and is not without its charms. It contains a clutch of songs and moments that long-time fans will cherish for years to come, yet is grievously unable to sustain that excellence in light of such a wealth of new circumstances."
Drowned In Sound,60,"As sources of inspiration go, a band could do far worse. But the album fails to use this already familiar point of view to explore any uncharted paths."
musicOMH.com,60,"Unfortunately, the band lacks Grizzly Bears songwriting chops. After that early-album peak, the tracks begin to sound like undercooked compositions coasting on bells and whistles."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"While The Morning Benders navigate the unstable boundary between tried-and-true pop structure and spacey excursions, the songs fall apart when they lean too far in either direction."
No Ripcord,60,"It's manically busy, demanding you strain to find the tune beneath layers of mellotrons, flutes and timpani. [Jul 2010, p.115]"
Mojo,50,"These songs are ultimately undone by their ambition in an attempt to turn what could be pleasantly ephemeral fare into moment-defining anthems."
Pitchfork,50,"Big Echo is a challenging album that coheres in bits, but searches more often than it finds. [Winter 2010, p.64]"

Dusted Magazine,90,"A transportive offering in a record full of them--strangely relatable, hauntingly beautiful and in the truest sense, exquisite."
PopMatters,80,"As languid as the whole affair is, its hardly sleepy, as Dienel can switch from pixie crooner (Moon Jam) to sweet soul sister (Begin Again) at the flip of a switch, resulting in a collection of bedroom songs that not only engage upon first listen, but beg to played throughout the rest of the house, as well."
Uncut,80,"Casey Dienel and partner Shawn Creeden have created something that has a sense of the familiar yet also a simultaneous feeling of fresh investigation, a record with frequent moments of measured and finely balanced beauty but also a restive application of shifting textures to create a nuanced patchwork of sounds that keep their piquant flavour with repetitive listening."
Under The Radar,80,"Although each track sounds different, there's an admirable flow across the whole album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Equally, those who delighted in unravelling ['Phylactery Factory']knotty, brilliant album will emerge dazed and blinking into the wide spaces and sweet melodies of Kairos."
Paste Magazine,80,"Kairos is an intimate account on how stripping things down to a minimum whilst keeping a clear focus on limitations can actually lay emphasis on more unique songwriting."
AllMusic,80,"Casey and collaborator Shawn Creeden deliver a bold album that eschews their previous organic approach in favour of a more electronic direction. The effect is intoxicating. [Apr 2010, p.92]"
PopMatters,75,"Kairos represents a bold step for Dienel and White Hinterland, a re-imagining of the music-making process and an example of musical experimentation and evolution."
Mojo,70,"As with the bands previous full-length, Kairos never fails to be listenable."
Filter,60,"Some of the pleasures of Kairos come from the grooves and the surfaces, which can be quite beautiful and lush. Yet just as often, the pleasures are in listening past those, being surprised to find how disarming the lyrics can sometimes be."
The A.V. Club,60,"The way the elements hang together effortlessly on 'Cataract' is worthy of Bat for Lashes, or even Bjork. [Apr 2010, p.109]"
Under The Radar,60,"It's brave pop omnivorism, with Daniel and friends grabbing whatever they need in the name of reinvention. [Winter 2010, p.66]"
BBC Music,50,"Kairos is not an album completely devoid of charm. The R&B influence gives the songs a weight they might otherwise lack."

Drowned In Sound,84,"On his latest, El Turista, Rouse takes things a step further, diving headfirst into jazzy, lushly orchestrated, early-60s-indebted Spanish-language tunes that play like a cross between Astrud Gilbertos bossa-nova classics and Vince Guaraldis A Charlie Brown Christmas."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The result is a globe-trotting pop album that sounds like nothing he's attempted before, yet still retains enough of his signature arrangements to make Rouses multi-ethnic transformation a believable one."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Most of the songs on El Turista look to home and away as places and times of reassurance and comfort."
PopMatters,80,"The sweetness of its sun-kissed textures and playful melodies mark out El Turista as his best work since 2005's near flawless 'Nashville.' [Apr 2010, p.98]"
Uncut,62,"This is merely alright, but it will surely need to burn slower to penetrate the heart."
Pitchfork,58,"It also, sadly, carries on Rouses newfound emphasis on pleasant textures over passion and songcraft. Rouse never settles into any of these styles; hes just breezing through."
AllMusic,40,"There are a few winning moments here, but overall the disc can't hold a candle to 2007's 'Country Mouse City House,' let alone career highs such as '1972.' [Winter 2010, p.70]"

The Boston Phoenix,70,"Although this statement sounds very much from the heart, and many of these songs make you smile while other make you sour, its a shame that this albums playfulness very often comes across as pretentiousness."
Pitchfork,70,"As a collective effort, The Bundles offer a different kind of intimacy; the closeness of a tight-knit group of friends rather than emotive fervour of the individual confessional."
BBC Music,70,"The Bundles kooky childishness and playground melodies will beguile and irritate in equal measure."
AllMusic,60,"Anti-folk or not, the band exudes confidence and camaraderie, and The Bundles surely won't disappoint their longtime fans."
Under The Radar,60,"The Bundles are happy just to follow wherever their unique, usually vivid, sometimes perverse pop imaginations take them all by themselves, but there are enough good reasons for you to go along for the ride, too."
NOW Magazine,60,"As usual, Lewis' rocking material doesn't compare to his softer fare, but the likes of 'pirates Declare War' and 'Klutter' plot a fun that's infectious. [May 2010, p.85]"
Mojo,50,"Fans of Lewis or Dawson aren't gonna care much that this isn't holy grail stuff; if you've been following either, you're used to a little unevenness. But the true superfans have likely heard the best of these tunes before, on the AFNY comp."
BBC Music,40,"The dividing line between these two types of songs is a subjective one, to be sure, but even devoted fans would probably agree that the bulk of The Bundles--the first recorded output from a longstanding though intermittent collaboration between these two leading lights of anti-folk--lands sadly but squarely in the latter category."

Drowned In Sound,88,"On Creatures, Clogs imagine a graceful space that's always worth revisiting."
New Musical Express (NME),82,"Lady Walton contains the most accomplished and varied music Clogs have recorded to date."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Theyll soon become enraptured by what accompanies these highest-of-profile pieces: music that embraces the listener with a silken touch and seduces them with a beguiling beauty that, still, sits prettily beyond the clamour of convenient categorisation."
Mojo,70,"There are moments of impossible beauty (Owl of Love), dense, but structured dissonance (Adages of Cleansing), and of course, whimsical, classically minded, indie folk (On the Edge), that when consumed all together, feel like a perfectly executed mash-up of Aaron Copland, Dead Can Dance, Bill Frisell, and Shirley Collins."
Under The Radar,60,"Few bands make their effort appreciated but not felt; Clogs don't squeeze the music too hard, they let it exist on its own."
cokemachineglow,60,"It wont be everyones cup of tea. My Brightest Diamonds Shara Worden sings on over half of the tracks, and her operatic voice is at times jarringly high. But its also soft and masterfully controlled, never distracting from the nuanced soundscapes bobbing in the background."
Pitchfork,60,"This lavish song cycle, embarcing intricate choral, chamber and post-rock passages, is the feted US/Australian ensemble's first non-instrumental album. [Jul 2010, p.95]"

AllMusic,80,"While sentimental on occasion, and certainly possessed by a lovelorn spirit that should connect with all but the hardest of hearts, The Law of Large Numbers never comes across cloyingly, its content ably handled and expressed with the same clich-free purity The Delgados mastered."
PopMatters,80,"Whereas Pollocks 4AD debut was fairly charming and instant but a little slight, The Law of Large Numbers is the total opposite; a wonderfully simple, clever and loveable record initially masquerading as a complex and awkward one."
Q Magazine,80,"Now Pollock has rediscovered her former bands grandiose esoterica and stark, scratchy danger."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The numerous instruments, varied influences and genre-hopping arrangements on The Law Of Large Numbers, along with Pollocks own musical talents, results in some emotive indie-rock whose repeated plays will be justified and rewarded."
Alternative Press,80,"Pollack's velvety, diction-rich voice shines on the syncopated, a cappella intro of 'The Loop,' and her idiosyncratic, mostly cryptic lyrics can be striking. [Apr 2010, p.104]"
PopMatters,80,"Pollack's released her second solo album, The Law Of Large Numbers, which is dramatically removed stylistically from Fireworks, yet outstrips it in pure songwriting acumen. [Spring 2010, p.70]"
RapReviews.com,76,"Although a little inconsistent in its layout, The Law of Large Numbers packs that same precise bite that brought the Delgados to public knowledge, scaled down/expanded to suit its creator, who before writing songs was a physicist."
No Ripcord,75,"The Law of Large Numbers is a smartly sequenced record."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Law of Large Numbers wont sneak up and hit you over the head, but it will sneak up on you."
PopMatters,60,"Emma Pollock is back home among friends with independence and creativity. Singer and songwriter she is, but this album is thankfully greater than the sum of those parts."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Few tracks are any way immediate. [Apr 2010, p.116]"

Pitchfork,88,"It takes a liner note and lyric look-along to absorb the full dose, but 'Marvin' clicks immediately. Same goes for the thoughtfully morbid 'Border Crossing' and 'Kitchen Sink,' on which Dolan throws everything from introspection to a wee bit of bounce."
AllMusic,80,"He's aided in this task by Anticon genius Alias, who produced the entire record--his spastic, head-nodding beats are so good, that they occasionally overshadow the headliner. However, that's not due to any lack of talent on Dolan's part, who's on the top of his game throughout the disc."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Whatever magic Eric B. and Rakim had is nothing compared to B. Dolan and Alias. In a world growing more cynical by the day, Fallen House, Sunken City is a beacon of hope, as empowering and cerebral as it is worthy of bumping and grinding."
Under The Radar,40,"Alias's production merely compounds the record's dense and oppressive aesthetic. The tracks tend to bleed into each other musically, one grainy backing indistinguishable from the next."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Golden Triangle isnt the second coming of anything in particular, but they at least know what theyre doing."
Delusions of Adequacy,78,"Golden Triangle gets in and gets out, but they have fun doing it."
BBC Music,70,"The record is full of tight rock songs, but these ladies really distinguish themselves when they stretch out."
Clash Music,70,"The brightest spot of this release comes in the form of the upbeat Jinx, where the band almost cracks a smile despite the subject matter. Even though the band comes from Brooklyn, the Sleater-Kinney vocalisms on Jinx only further Golden Triangles Seattle leanings."
New Musical Express (NME),62,"While most of Double Jointer's tracks are at least good, the band doesn't tap into that spirit often enough, and ultimately it leaves the album feeling a bit flat."
Uncut,60,"Despite the obvious stylistic proficiency at play, Double Jointer is a bit too au courant (maybe it's all that reverb) to have much of a long-term impact."
Pitchfork,60,"The songs are fun in a fizzy, party-in-a-box, ephemeral way, but nowhere near as interesting as those of similarly structured (part-female, double-guitared, 1960s-inspired) Fresh & Onlys."
Rock Sound,50,"Double Jointer primal high may entertain for a while, but there is an unhealthy amount of reverb deflating this trip. [Spring 2010, p.72]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"What is different, however, is the focus the band have found. In the past, there's been an unfortunate tendency to take songs a chorus too far, but that doesn't appear to be an issue any more."
musicOMH.com,80,"Blood Red Shoes still rocks out on most tracks, all riled up and restless, keeping the rhythms chunky and choppy on standouts like the defiantly-played and shouted 'Light It Up,' the revved-up guitar and drums of 'Don't Ask,' and the guitar jags and slamming drums on 'Keeping It Close.'"
Q Magazine,80,"This is a raw, unfussy rock record that forsakes gloss or studio tricks for instinct and urgency."
AllMusic,80,"Taught and lean, bold and mean, Blood Red Shoes are fighting fit and Fire Like This might just be their knock-out punch."
musicOMH.com,80,"Overall the album is a reassertion that when it comes to hard-pumping guitar'n'drums duos it's unjust that Steve and Laura-Mary are billed below the likes of The Kills on the big festival bill Sellotaped to God's fridge."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The seariung guitars, walloping drums and emphatic double-tracked vocals have determined power and character. [Mar 2010, p.81]"
Filter,74,"In its best moments, Fire Like This strikes a balance between heartfelt and heavy. Blood Red Shoes may be squat-hall sized, but they are arena-equipped."
Clash Music,70,"Starting off pleasant but eventually becoming a regular stereo occupier, the grungier second half of this release is the better half."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Blood Red Shoes sound at their best when they manage to reign in their musical touch points and put them to work in their service."
Prefix Magazine,40,"It would be easy to look at the words and assume that this was a band on the brink of a split, were it not for the fact that their first album featured a very similar outlook and identikit themes. Essentially, it is hard to see where the band might go from here."
BBC Music,40,"Songs such as 'Don't Ask' strike, but with nothing to sweeten the blow. The sound of baby going out with the bath water, in short. [Apr 2010, p.109]"

Pitchfork,80,"If anything, the album almost feels like a spiritual sequel to their full-length debut, 'Methodrone,' with its similarly lengthy tracks and more studio-focused approach rather than live rock & roll bash and crash, but where that album drowned a bit in the end, Who Killed Sgt. Pepper? finds its creators at a remarkable new high."
Under The Radar,80,"Half remembered, half acknowledged, half understood, it is, in short, very subtly brilliant."
Uncut,80,"Flitting between ambient sequences and army-of-guitars maelstroms, this 71-minute magnum opus was recorded in Berlin and Iceland, but loaded with rampant Anglophilia, evident in a Joy Division homage and John Lennon interview clips."
Q Magazine,80,"From the album's opening electro-tribal groove to Tunger Hnifer's distorted bass and scratching vocals, the instrumentation throughout Who Killed Sgt. Pepeer? is both massive and of the varied type. [Winter 2010, p.98]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"As always the songs veer wildly from ambient interludes, funky Beta Band-esque workouts to fierce garage rockers. Looking at the material here though, they remain a band to be reckoned with. Their lo-fi, experimental psych rock is as potent as ever with Newcombe a character to be cherished."
The A.V. Club,70,"There will be those who'll look at the sleeve, read the controversial title and dismiss the record on the assumption that Anton Newcombe has lost his marbles again. However, venture beyond Who Killed Sgt Pepper's disparaging parameters and there's several exquisite gems to be discovered here."
Paste Magazine,70,"Pepper finds the band attacking a multitude of oddball genres--the disc spins from post-rock to electronica to rock to sheer noise--with a frightening focus for such sonic stream-of-consciousness exploits."
Spin,60,"Its a melee of styles and disparate ideas  some inspired, some falling woefully short. If its sheer reach borders on folly, its still enjoyable as hell."
AllMusic,57,"It's the Brian Jonestown Massacre album that's the least informed by the usual parade of 1960s mod/psych influences, opting instead for flirtations with disco rhythms, drum loops, boom-box beats and house-diva wails. In a sense, Newcombe has simply replaced one form of repetition (droning/jangly guitar jams) for another (dance workouts)."
BBC Music,50,"At over 71 minutes, the album is overlong, but at least it is cohesive."
musicOMH.com,40,"Their latest was recorded in Berlin and Iceland, with whichever musicians were around at the time, lending Newcombe's whacked-out psychedelia cum space/drone rock a stoned-jam feel that doesn't always work to the songs' advanatge. [Apr 2010, p.83]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Thier latest mixes elements of ambient, post-punk and psychedelia. Often a recipe for a mess, there are moments of coherence. [Mar 2010, p.97]"
Slant Magazine,30,"Only toward the end of the record does BJTM finally let up, delivering a couple relaxed and half-realized shoegaze jams (Super Fucked and Our Time) that come close to being good. Sadly, it is all for naught."

The Boston Phoenix,83,"Referencing everything from OMDs Dazzle Ships (on the Speak-&-Spell-esque Apple For A Brain) to Tears For Fears The Hurting (on the digital-acoustic Gray Death), Stewart and Seo have twisted an admittedly dated retro-synth chic into something far more evocative and, yes, progressive."
Pitchfork,81,"The seventh Xiu Xiu album may be the most playfully arranged and colorfully textured in the bands catalog."
Drowned In Sound,80,"But it's with his jarring mix of the banal and the brutal ('I will always be nicer to the cat / Than I will be to you') that Stewart shows his outrageous brilliance."
XLR8r,80,"Dear God, I Hate Myself is also the bands most overtly electronic album in some time, with several songs composed on a Nintendo DS that gives the darkness of Apple for a Brain and Secret Motel an unpretentious, somehow friendly feel."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Dear God is as engagingly weird as anything before, but flows so much better by incorporating the customary sonic terrorism into verse-chorus-verse songs, rather than breaking off for performance poetry about living in the shadow of suicide, or (say) war as legitimate barbarism for jocks."
Boston Globe,80,"There's just enough pop influence to catch the audience's ear along the way - the refrains on Chocolate Makes You Happy, Dear God, I Hate Myself, and This Too Shall Pass Away (For Freddy) are as infectious as any mainstream pop song."
The New York Times,80,"Now seven full-lengths into their career, Xiu Xiu have hit a milestone with Dear God, I Hate Myself. Over 12 songs, they condense the best aspects of all their previous albums to craft what may prove to be their finest hour."
Filter,80,"The album stands out as often exhilarating collision of disparate elements."
PopMatters,75,"But the kicker, for both music and lyrics, is Xiu Xiu's version of a pep talk, 'This Too Shall Pass Away,' where Stewart shows that being the most tortured musician of all time makes his fleeting flecks of hope doubly heartfelt."
Uncut,73,"New listeners will be immediately confronted with a couple of very catchy, horror-laced new wave anthems about fatal beatings and bulimia, and make that perennial first-Xiu-Xiu-experience decision: Do I buy this?"
Under The Radar,70,"Most of the remaining 11 songs on  Dear God, I Hate Myself are built around sequencers and beats rather than guitars, and while theyve by no means called off their flirtations with dramatic bursts of noise, they are only intermittent over the 38 minutes"
Lost At Sea,70,"At the very least, Dear God, I Hate Myself marks a new level of maturity and self-awareness for the band."
The A.V. Club,70,"Dear God, I Hate Myself packs enough of a wallop that it is worth sitting through some dross to get at the choice bits, which, as is the case with any of the best work by Xiu Xiu, are uncomfortable, uncompromising, and easily hummable."
Rock Sound,70,"Deliriously drunk in its own eccentricities, Dear God is unlikely to win over new fans, and Stewarts unhinged vocal acrobatics can get grating without former band member Caralee McElroy backing him up."
Q Magazine,70,"This album, which he produced with the drummer Greg Saunier of Deerhoof, shudders with the tension of opposing ideals: folksiness and futurism, clarity and ambiguity."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),64,"Xiu Xius Dear God has at least three memorable post-punk anthems, including album opener Gray Death. For the most part, though, the album is a series of challenges."
Billboard.com,60,"Even if Xiu Xiu has sincere intentions, the album projects the impression that its willing to indulge in absurdity at the expense of the emotional heart of the songs."
Alternative Press,60,"Happily, the music Stewart's art rock collective make on their seventh studio LP tells a more playful and diverse story, incorporating vivid punktronica, delicate ambient moodscapes and icy chamber-pop. [Mar 2010, p.107]"
Spin,60,"Dear God may be a touch less foocused than other releases, but in Stewart's skewed world that's more of an asset than anything else. [Winter 2010, p.66]"
Prefix Magazine,47,"The one unique thing about Stewart's lyrical style (a sort of homage of shallow, U.S. suburban vernacular that paints a very specific picture to those of us from the suburbs) seems to be missing on Dear God, I Hate Myself. Sure, maybe it's even tongue-in-cheek, but I sure hope he's not joking."

Sputnikmusic,91,"This Addiction is a chiseled, go-for-broke disc with a modicum of overdubs, melodic flourishes, and even harmonies."
PopMatters,80,"Alkaline Trio arent nave punk rockers from the Chicago suburbs anymore, as a result this album fails to recapture that innocence but succeeds in creating another strong body of work that the group can be proud of."
Rolling Stone,80,"The title track sets the tone with its exploration of heroin addiction as a metaphor for relationships, but it's 'The American Scream'--a gritty, neo-gothic parable--that best illustrates Alkaline Trio's unique take on three chords and the truth. [Mar 201, p.97]"
Los Angeles Times,75,"This Addiction promises exactly what the title describes, as most older fans will eat this up."
Hot Press,75,"Fans will be pleased to find Alkaline Trio remembering what it's like to be itself."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"While This Addiction might not be perfect, it's a more than respectable entry into the band's already sizable canon, proving that though they may be in that rarified group of punk-rock lifers, Alkaline Trio aren't done evolving yet. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Hooky, blood-soaked bad-love allegories such as 'Draculina' and 'Dine, Dine My Darling' (check the punny Misfits nod) satisfy like heartburn-inducing comfort food."
musicOMH.com,65,"This Addiction is interesting and ultimately noteworthy because it finds a way to continue on with the bands winning schematics while tweaking the blueprints in such a way that it's almost hard to notice that youve been duped by all the seeming predictability."
Uncut,60,"With its return to a more straight-forward approach, This Addiction does hark back to the likes of Goddamnit and Maybe Ill Catch Fire. Unfortunately, while not being a bad album, it is not a patch on those seminal earlier releases. Simply a solid recycling of their much-loved sound."
Mojo,60,"Its hardly the best of their Asian Man days, but This Addiction is a solid mix of their old and new sounds that is well worth a listen."
No Ripcord,60,"Their 2008 major-label bid, Agony & Irony, got bogged down in power-ballad overreach, so with its seventh disc, the group is back to its bleak-Blink-182 roots."
Pitchfork,50,"The album is a pointedly minimal production, though -- most tracks are simple guitar-bass-drum affairs with a few tasteful harmonies that put the surprisingly durable hooks up front."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Aging punks flog a rapidly expiring horse."
Boston Globe,40,"Based on the simple songwriting and the nauseating lyrical content, This Addiction is sad, and to the die-hard Alkaline Trio fans such as myself, it will greatly disappoint."

Dusted Magazine,100,"She goes deep, as deep as any artist working today, into the loud forest of stories where our ideas about love and the self are born. Her trail of crumbs isn't always obvious, but you can follow her there."
The New York Times,100,"It might take a week, a month, or even a year for it to yield up all its treasures; but after only a week in its company, this reviewer's instincts tell him that Have One On Me is a masterpiece."
Drowned In Sound,100,"To devotees, however, it sounds very much like a second masterpiece: a different kind of epic to 'Ys,' and one with enough hooks and charms to ensnare at least a few Newsom agnostics. [Apr 2010, p.82]"
Dot Music,100,"Have One on Me is a very mature work indeed, even its resonant, discursive themes are underpinned by Newsom's usual playfulness. [Apr 2010, p.90]"
Sputnikmusic,100,"Have One On Me is so enrapturing, so imaginative and so delicate, that it feels safe to say that in five or ten years time, youll go back to it and discover brand new things--whether they be the meaning of a song youd never fathomed before or a simple amuse-bouche of a beautifully constructed oboe phrase."
Under The Radar,92,"You can feel roots going down and an edifice being built. Her voice has gained depth and she sings with more force and clarity, so that's part of it. And the arrangements are more judicious and draw less attention to themselves (some tracks are just harp, others add horns, strings, and percussion, but with a lighter touch). But the bigger difference seems to be the overall mood, which is expansive and welcoming."
Prefix Magazine,91,"While Newsom remains the most intricate lyricist currently working ?outside of rap, her melodies have become cleaner, her ?arrangements less mannered, and her singing more ?straightforwardly heartfelt."
Paste Magazine,90,"Much like a riveting movie keeps you in your seat, youll want to pay close attention to Joanna Newsoms astonishing new album for fear of missing too much of the plot."
cokemachineglow,90,"Try to label what Newsom does in a sentence or two, and you just tie yourself in knots. Have One On Me will do little to change all that, and so the only clear point of reference is her own previous work. Beyond that, though, its enough to say that its her, and if you loved 'Ys' as much as this writer did, youre probably going to love Have One On Me also."
Filter,90,"Theres good reason for both the length of the album and its occasional lavish moments. Ms. Newsom has discovered how to open up her music: to let it whisper and swell, to be swept into the purely musical pleasures of an ingenious arrangement or to let simplicity and silence speak for her."
Billboard.com,90,"It is a stunning and ambitious piece of work; one for the ages."
BBC Music,90,"It may be epic, sprawling and too unwieldy a tool with which to prise open a place in the charts, but it's also nothing short of remarkable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"I feel like I can whittle away my days listening to this album and only this album for the rest of my life, and never have to feel anything except what this album makes me feel. Which is to say, everything."
Spin,90,"Stripped for much of the time of the horns and orchestral adornment of the first disc, Newsom turns a celebration into a confessional. Just when it seems Newsom couldn't possibly have any more rabbits in her hat, the third disc contains some gospel flourishes that concentrate her voice in a whole new way, bending down low to grab some bit of soul."
The Guardian,90,"Have One on Me isn't at all a ploy for greater likability. It's an affecting, indulgent, and thoroughly fleshed-out monument to Newsom's considerable ambition."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Its difficult to imagine another situation in which plinking pixie sounds, recurrent madrigal noises and radiant folk poetry could be categorically described as honking huge, but for all its girth, Have One On Me is packed with magic."
NOW Magazine,85,"The thing Have One On Me absolutely excels at is the creation of remarkable moments amid its rambling odes."
Q Magazine,84,"Have One On Me is Newsom at her best: precious without being cloying, subtle without being indecipherable, beautifully written and sweetly played."
Austin Chronicle,81,"Newsom's wispy singing style may still be too inaccessible for some, but hardcore fans will savor the growing vocal confidence during the two-hour-plus running time. In an era of quick musical fixes, Have One on Me is a spacious artistic statement too original to pass up."
The A.V. Club,80,"As an album, it is huge, sometimes overwhelming-- but such is the strength and individuality of Newsoms vision, it seems almost inconceivable she could produce anything unremarkable."
AllMusic,80,"Were brevity the chiefmost virtue of popular music, 'Baby Birch' would be a turgid waste of time, rather than the deft and skillful creature it is. The same sentiment goes for the rest of the album; there is a depth to the material here that rewards--nay, demands--repeated scrutiny."
Rolling Stone,80,"She simply delves deeper and gives what few artists can deliver: a self-contained world of warmth, crystalline detail, and intimacy that lies far beyond a Twitter feed."
Lost At Sea,80,"Grand, long and bold--Newsom makes it sound like the first word she sings here: easy."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Its unlikely that youll often listen to it in one bout, but whether beguiled one day by its exotic petals and blooms or the next by the less showy trees in the background, Have One On Me is
Sputnikmusic,an Elysian record that youll return to again and again."
PopMatters,80,"For long-time fans, this three-disc (or vinyl) release wont disappoint, though its not a total departure."
Slant Magazine,80,"This is a record so richly involving that it promises to throw up fresh delights weeks, or even months, down the line. [Apr 2010, p.113]"
The A.V. Club,78,"Have One on Me runs about five songs too long, which stands out during a two-hour listen, but largely she invites you in rather than challenges."
PopMatters,75,"Its a long album, and it plays that way. The second reason is more complicated, and it gets to both the strengths and weaknesses of an album that will take time to process in full."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"At its best, these songs have the feel of an intimate live performance; at their worst, theyre lovely, but exhausting. Have One on Me is quite a technical achievement, but since Newsom has proven she can do just about anything, next time she shouldnt try to do everything."
Filter,70,"Her latest firmly establishes her as a singer-songwriter to be reckoned with."
Paste Magazine,65,"Newsom's brilliant but reckless songwriting resulted in eighteen tracks, each with an EP's worth of creativity and talent. But why stop editing an overlong listening experience there? Treating each song as an independent entity isn't such a bad idea."
Prefix Magazine,63,"As pretty and carefully detailed as many of these tracks are, their tempos are relatively static and the arrangements tend to drift. Over three discs, the lack of variation becomes problematic."
Dusted Magazine,60,"It's clearly her best album, but it's also her most frustrating, because it really drives home her potential and hints at so much greatness without ever truly delivering it."
Spin,40,"Its too bad really, that Have One on Me is so overdone because theres a decent album hidden somewhere in there."
No Ripcord,40,"The end result is a strange, and strangely pretentious mess: an album pitted deep in the psychic world of stories that nonetheless can't figure out when it should begin, when it should end, or which parts are even worth the audience's attention."

Rolling Stone,83,"Work finds them owning their sound, and treating the nostalgic pangs they stir as a platform from which to express something sincere. The result is a record a little less giddy and more workmanlike than prior SOL albums."
Pitchfork,80,"Work is a more subtle, subdued album than Shout Out Louds' previous LPs. It is also a far more consistent one, capturing the band maturing artistically."
musicOMH.com,80,"By eschewing the instrumental grandiosity and working into a clean cut sound of their own, Work moves you to great feelings of warmth and a feeling of great joy."
Slant Magazine,76,"While not all of Work is as infallible--album closer 'Too Late, Too Slow' has a title that aptly sums itself up--it's still exciting to see Shout Out Louds breaking away from the Robert Smith adoration that was so present on previous efforts.?"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Work sometimes lacks variety, but the mostly unrelenting, feel-good rhythms and sweet vocals are sure to get your head bobbing."
Under The Radar,70,"Shout Out Louds have long been a case for the positives of going singles-only, and they probably keep that reputation  here. But by a minor degree, Work is Shout Out Louds' finest album-length statement."
Alternative Press,70,"While Work doesn't feel emotionally engaging or really deviate from an amiable pace, it's still engaging enough to hold one's attention for most of the 41 minutes."
Rock Sound,60,"After honing their Cure impression on 2007's breakout 'Our Ill Wills,' these heart-on-sleeve Swedes team up with indie crossover producer Phil Ek (the Shins, Modest Mouse, Fleet Foxes) for a third album of ably crafted sincerity."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"This is such a charming little band, such a charming little album that one wants to like it more than it deserves."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The sonic references keep on coming throughout Work, but great songs do too."
The Boston Phoenix,54,"Work finds these former Next Big Things railing against maturity while tacitly embracing it."
PopMatters,50,"Work is by no means a bad album; it's just a disappointing one. For all their early promise, the band have made a record that reflects its title and monochrome artwork all too literally."
AllMusic,50,"Work's sweetness is uneven and awkward, managing very little ecstasy despite all the heartfelt pining and soft atmospherics."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Sure, Phil Ek's production is as crisp and effective as ever, but while it emphasizes immediacy, it also draws attention to the repetitive, redundant elements of these songs."
No Ripcord,40,"Sure, Shout Out Louds have a gift for melody, and they use a light pop touch better than many. But after their masterwork, one expects more than 10 easygoing melodies."

NOW Magazine,90,"CIS convey aggression and energy through a maddening array of effects pedals and the haunting, grainy tenor of Kristain Hallbert's reverberating voice, combining to form corrosive anthems embellished by space and nuance. [Mar 2010, p.92]"
Filter,90,"Where 07s Is Dead hinted at the band experimenting with a more progressive sound, it was nowhere near as cohesive and accomplished as this. I Was Trying To Describe You To Someone is a phenomenal album."
AllMusic,88,"The band has sprinted forward and earned an Olympic title of the 'P' word. I Was Trying to Describe You To Someone is going to turn heads and only gain more respect and fans in the process."
Slant Magazine,80,"While Is Dead may be the bands most accessible album, their latest release contains a much more developed and mature set of tracks that showcase a very talented group that with can easily aspire to new heights in the coming years in the hardcore genre."
Rolling Stone,75,"I Was Trying doesn't top 'Is Dead,' but it does keep Crime in Stereo on track toward the strange and unfamiliar. That might be the best compliment of all."

PopMatters,90,"Unlike most of their peers, Hysen and Picastro are dark without being cartoonish or goth, delicate without being merely pretty, sparse without being dourly ascetic."
The A.V. Club,80,"The slocore tag Picastro received early on in some corners has a vague relevance, but on a song like 'Pig & Sucker,' the sense of compelling, unsettled strangeness is much greater than most bands could pull off."
Dot Music,70,"End-time celebrating religious nutbars wont be finding much eternal hope here, but for everyone else, a perfect soundtrack to the approaching void."
musicOMH.com,70,"The swell of the strings is as equally terrifying as it is comforting, and Hysens fragile vocals always contain at least a small sense of peace. Picastro have created a record that is relentlessly bleak but nonetheless a rewarding and enjoyable listen."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The brief tunes are sparse yet cinematic, tentative yet boldly inventive."

No Ripcord,91,"One for the ages, this 19-song compilation reminds us how cool the future sounded back then, when Was Not Was still was. [Winter 2010, p.102]"
Clash Music,90,"While hardcore fans may argue--a bit--over the sum total, even they will ultimately agree that this is the only truly representative portrait of Was (Not Was) in all their incarnations; and besides, its a stone killer of a party record."
Uncut,80,"Pick of the Litter really is just a sampling from a catalogue that begs closer examination."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Early-Eighties jams like the P-Funky 'Out Come the Freaks' and the Ronald Reagan-sampling 'Tell Me That I'm Dreaming' were avant-disco classics. Later, semihits threatened to make the group pop stars, but its taste for unmarketable weirdness (say, Leonard Cohen croaking about 'Elvis' Rolls Royce') won out."
AllMusic,70,"Pick of the Litter provides a portrait of polarities. Very few artists or groups can successfullyand authenticallycover such a broad landscape but this long overdue compilation proves that Was (Not Was) specializes in exceptions to the rules."

Mojo,91,"The album has a swagger that Tindersticks hasnt shown since 2001s 'Can Our Love...,' finding common ground between the rockier Velvet Underground and the mellower Rolling Stones."
Filter,90,"It may be a scrappier collection than the exquisite, Tindersticks-in-aspic perfection of 'The Hungry Saw', but somehow it adds up to something greater, the album as a whole bristling with creativity and the joys of trying something new."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Falling Down a Mountain: enough classic Tindersticks to keep die-hard fans more than happy; and enough new stuff to everyone else think twice about relegating them to the cabaret circuit."
BBC Music,80,"Like a vintage Bordeaux, it slips down a treat (aside from lamentable Peanuts, which gets stuck in the throat), but the moments of oddness whetted our palette for more."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Its an extremely listenable record and definitely fit to stand aside their finest work."
Pitchfork,80,"Falling Down A Mountain marks the return of a bolder spirit and, as a result, there is another truly great Tindersticks album to add to your collection."
Spin,80,"So, no startling change of pace, direction or feel, then. Instead, what Tindersticks sound like on this subtly strong album is a band with restored self-belief, again loving doing what they do better than anyone else."
Under The Radar,80,"Color me pleasantly surprised. The Hungry Saw, it turns out, actually revitalized Tindersticks, spurring the band to an unprecedented level of productivity."
NOW Magazine,80,"Falling Down a Mountain isn't exactly a major reinvention, either, but it does back up the golden-hued sky gracing its cover with some of their most upbeat and optimistic songs to date (keep in mind those are relative terms), and a liberal extension of the looseness they've been gradually settling into since 1999's Simple Pleasure."
Q Magazine,80,"After 2008's The Hungry Saw simmered with a new, diehard energy, Falling Down A Mountain is more like climbing up. [Feb 2010, p. 103]"
PopMatters,78,"Falling Down a Mountain may be the bands most tuneful effort, or at least their peppiest."
Los Angeles Times,75,"While not the definitive Tindersticks album, Falling Down A Mountain is a compassionate, delicately rendered collection of songs that warrants repeated listening."
The A.V. Club,70,"Falling Down a Mountain opens with the six-and-a-half-minutes of insistent, monotonal jazz of the title track. Mercifully, this fails to set the scene for what follows, as the album is dominated by the bands whimsical, playful side, a usually dormant but altogether delightful aspect of their character."
Billboard.com,70,"Through his Tindersticks outlet - now a staggering 18 years young--has created a record that certainly rivals, if not betters any of its three predecessors from the past decade."
musicOMH.com,70,"It leaves a very hazy, almost spectral impression when it ends. But it's also warm and in some ways comforting, and it improves the more you listen to it and tease out the details in the songs."
Rock Sound,70,"Masters of atmospheric storytelling since the early '90s, England's Tindersticks showcase the shivery yet forthright murmur of Stuart Staples."
Uncut,70,"Tindersticks may not set the room on fire here, but they seem content in their own little isolated corner of it, backs to the audience burning brightly with economical intensity. [Winter 2010, p.69]"
BBC Music,60,"Tindersticks return to form on their eighth album isnt evident when you first press play. But look past the uninteresting six-minute jazz drone that opens the album and youll see that the prolific English group still has the enough soul to succeed."
The Guardian,60,"As a result, She Rode Me Down thunders along like a flute-propelled express train, Black Smoke is a foreground as they've been since their moment of near-glory Travelling Light and they somehow prised the elusive Mary Margaret O'Hara out of obscurity to duet on Peanuts. [Feb 2010, p. 112]"
Clash Music,50,"On Falling Down a Mountain, the most depressing thing is the sound of Tindersticks going through the motions."
AllMusic,50,"If the style is intact, though, the songs here seem a bit lackluster; only the relatively jangly 'Harmony Around My Table' and the Velvet Underground-ish 'Peanuts' (think of O'Hara in Moe Tucker's role) really stand out from the tasteful mid-tempo blur."


Under The Radar,80,"Minor Love is a record of succinct pop ditties, with only three clocking in over 150 seconds long."
Drowned In Sound,80,"With echoes of Lou Reed in many of the tracks, including What Makes Him Act So Bad and Cigarette Burns Forever, and faint hints of Greens previous work with the Peaches in others - Oh Shucks - Minor Love sees Green marry his roots with the new directions hes taking, and comparison to the tape recorder fodder of old isnt so hard make anymore."
Spin,80,"On Minor Love, Greens sixth solo record, he proves adept as ever traversing through the American popular songbook and filtering his findings through a hazy stoners smog of absurdity."
The New York Times,80,"Minor Love proves that Adam Green can be thoughtful and he can be nice. Whats more, he wears it well."
PopMatters,80,"Gentle, droll and  - bar the disappointingly immature Oh Shucks - mercifully free of knob gags, Minor Love is charming. [Feb 2010, p. 108]"
Dot Music,80,"Minor Love is the rare record that has something for everyone, your dad, your discontent pop-isolationist, that mix youve been meaning to make, and a long drive across desert highway  and ends up being an impressive testament to Adam Greens lasting relevance."
Pitchfork,78,"Green revels in a stripped-down, bittersweet world where noting last forever, with both his baritone and lyrics adding freshness to his fatalist outlook. [Winter 2010, p.99]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"Like Liam Lynch, Green has a knack for sizing up a genre and spitting out a tongue-in-cheek ditto thats as entertaining as it is naggingly inconsequential, but Minor Loves songs feel a little heftier than usualor maybe he just finally struck the right balance of tenderness and tastelessness."
Alternative Press,70,"The album, in general, is much more relaxed than anything Reed created (post-Nico, that is), and while the whole thing has a vaguely hazed-out feel, the effect created is more stoner chill than frenetic heroin-induced madness"
NOW Magazine,70,"Adam Greens flowering from puerile anti-folk twonk with The Moldy Peaches to suave lounge-country crooner is laudable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"The best tracks here still feature his distinct blend of surrealist poetry, but the music does not even meet it halfway."
Q Magazine,60,"Musically it's toytown folk, like Jonathan Richman with out the complicated buts, but Green's narrative lyrics grow increasingly weird and witty, recalling early '70s Lou Reed. [Feb 2010, p.86]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Minor Love still packs some Jonathan Richmanesque quirk, as Green croons in a Lou Reed deadpan about goblins, flatulence, and other concerns over solidly constructed lo-fi tunes."
Mojo,57,"Though there's a nice sense of humor throughout, there's just not enough meat on the bone to inspire any sort of real investment in the majority of these songs."
Drowned In Sound,50,"His style, somewhere between Leonard Cohen and The Velvet Underground, offers little in terms of originality, and often the sappy and stoically emotional quality of the lyrics comes off as snarky."
Clash Music,40,"Green can turn on the charm--countrified finale Blacken My Stay and Castles And Tassles are winners, and 'castles and tassles and fatulent assholes' is a hysterical refrain - but overall, Minor Love is a curiously enervating affair. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"

Boston Globe,100,"The Brewis brothers may be at odds with the modern world, but in this stunningly realised double album, they've created the ultimate sanctuary."
PopMatters,90,"Measure can be described as being the metamorphosis that translates Field Musics born again status. Ambitious as it sounds, it locks itself into a pop compendium, which has always been a strong suit in the past."
Q Magazine,83,"And when the Brewis brothers bust out in full XTC-style guitar-pop mode on the surging Effortlessly and the hopeful Share The Words, the songs bloom all the brighter."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Across its many and varied pieces, this collection proves that Field Music truly are a gem of a band."
Filter,80,"This is a record built on the dependable building blocks of guitar, bass and drums, albeit arranged and (presumably) Pro-Tooled into exciting, original new formations."
The A.V. Club,80,"For something so sprawling, Field Music (Measure) is impressively cohesive, particularly when considering the styles of the two brothers are more distinctive than ever."
musicOMH.com,80,"After solo projects for both brothers, the regrouped Field Music remains concise but newly prolific on its third album, Field Music (Measure) (Memphis Industries), which is packed with 19 songs and a closing instrumental (actually two, including a hidden track)."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The result is a superbly off-kilter record, from the new wave guitar jerks of Each Time Is A New Time to the strident harmonies and shifting melodies on All You'd Ever Need To Say. [Mar 2010, p.101]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"There is enough variation from song to song to keep listeners engaged; plenty of thoughtful, almost heavy ballads to balance the jumpy, uptempo tracks, lots of different instrumentation in the arrangements, and an assortment of moods from quiet melancholy to slightly louder melancholy."
Uncut,80,"The brothers keep it tight though, allowing themselves room to manoeuvre and muck about with time signatures and effects, but within the confines of songs that rarely exceed four minutes."
Spin,80,"The Brewis brothers opt for distinctive texture of sampled acoustic guitar. Measure--a sprawling gem of album-- is full of such inspired decisions. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Pitchfork,75,"Measure is, if nothing else, a truly crafted record."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Although it packs 20 songs into nearly 70 minutes, Field Music (Measure) feels remarkably concise and well-plotted  a series of harmony-rich guitar-pop ditties and resonant motifs that are covertly part of a larger package."
Mojo,70,"Alternating meticulous power pop ('Measure') and anxious aloofness ('Let's Write a Book') with relaxed twang ('Clear Water') and pliant balladry ('Curves of the Needle'), the Brewises seek a certain balance on Measure. But over this geekily ambitious 20-song double album, that effort proves entertainingly futile."
Uncut,70,"Freed from self-imposed musical constraints, Field Music (Measure) is big, bold and beautiful."
No Ripcord,70,"There's a tad too much to sit through on a first listen, but subsequent sit-downs reveal the gleaming allure of slow burners 'You & I' and 'Precious Plans.' [Holiday 2009, p.76]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Paul McCartney's influence looms large on the more melodic moments. Several tracks set up an unlikely meeting between angular Sunderland peers Futureheads and mid-70s Wings, and the beautifully orchestrated Measure could be a lost outtake from Abbey Road."
BBC Music,60,"For this record, the Brewises again borrow generously from late-60s and early-70s psychedelic rock (not to mention the first British Invasion), all pervasive vocal harmonies, whining guitar tones, bouncing bass, and crisp, dampened drumming."
musicOMH.com,60,"Its full of the proggy rhythmic U-turns, complex structures and virtuoso playing for which the bands known."
Drowned In Sound,60,"They have limited their ensemble to traditional rock strictures with the odd brass section and string quartet thrown in at opportune moments, and theres very little else that you could do to describe it. As they say, it is what it is."
The New York Times,50,"Field Music can certainly use each songs inherent tension to keep each song coherent, but over two albums worth of music, that tension is diluted, and the songs tend to run into each other."

Q Magazine,80,"Peace & Love remains something of a mood piece--its ruminative, not rousing, never succumbing to navel-gazing but not suited for large crowds--which does mean it doesnt quite have the undeniable power of How to Walk Away, but when a softly melancholy mood strikes, this provides comforting consolation."
AllMusic,80,"Peace & Love continues this new mature streak with her most musically stripped down but lyrically most strident and complex collection yet. [Feb 2010, p. 102]"
Dot Music,75,"The songstress revisits some familiar themes in her deceptively straightforward compositions, underscoring mournful realizations with bonhomie."
Mojo,71,"While her album shares its laptop atmosphere with many other troubadours plying Bostons streets, its sprinkled with heavyweight pro touches that belie her deeper legacy."
Pitchfork,60,"If the album would benefit from more variety in its tempo and range, Peace & Love is, at the very least, a successful mood piece that proves how well maturity suits Hatfield."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Here, awash in bedroom multitracking, she's more diffuse."
Spin,60,"Insular, claustrophobic, projecting a brittle vulnerability, Peace & Love requires some listner patience. [Mar 2010, p.86]"
Clash Music,39,"As it is, Peace & Love sounds like a rough draft full of rookie mistakes, rather than a veteran defiantly going it alone."
Under The Radar,20,"So, the album is uncool, theres that, and still too 90s to be anything different than what came before, anything less than dated."

The Guardian,73,"While Story of the Year won't win any originality awards any time soon, they definitely still know how to bring a party to your speakers."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A solid, if formulaic, LP which clearly adheres to the K.I.S.S (Keep It Simple Stupid) formula."
NOW Magazine,70,"With its driving guitars and massive choruses, The Constant is yet another highly catchy album from Story of the Year that will easily live up to their fans' expectations while making converts out of those unfamiliar with them."
PopMatters,60,"On The Constant, SOTY have shown they've mastered their current sound. Here's hoping for a little more experimentation next time. [Mar 2010, p.95]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"The Constant does what it says on the, er, CD; constantly good, but with more focus it could have been brilliant."
AllMusic,60,"Story Of The Year manage to stand out from the melodic post-hardcore morass due to the sheer stength of their anthems, That said, there's little new on this fourth album. [Apr 2010, p.106]"
Mojo,60,"The Constant is best when going fast and loud, keeping your heart racing (and your mind off the subpar lyrics), but it loses momentum with cookie cutter ballad 'holding On To You and a track, 'Remember A Time,' that oddly sounds more like Weezer than Warped Tour. [Mar/Apr 2010, p.92]"

Los Angeles Times,80,"The tracks span from 2003 to 2009 and encompass all of the band's fascinating, frustrating, illustrious stylistic progression. If it is truly Excepter's last release, it is an excellent send-off."
Paste Magazine,71,"While Presidence may keep its distance, it's never hard to enter, and individual pieces are as intriguing by themselves as they are in the album's wide-open context."
Slant Magazine,70,"All I can really do is keep insisting that theres something in this music, that for those fortunate/completely screwed few that Excepter hits just right, this stuff is as viscerally thrilling as rock music, as deep as dub, as calming as ambient, as compulsive as techno, as bracing as free improvisation."
Spin,60,"Whether or not one enjoys Presidence depends largely on whether this practice resonates; and resonance is a highly contingent, subjective process. However, if you do manage to hum along at their frequency and wavelength, you are in for one of the longest, strangest, most well-documented trips in the contemporary indie scene."
Uncut,50,"The long, extended space-outs similarly have their moments both good and bad."
Pitchfork,30,"Pursuing new directions and seeking out new sonic soundscapes is all very well, as is jamming and wailing for 30 minutes and holding 17 hour gigs. However to merely shove over two hours worth of randomly selected work onto two discs with no attempt at continuity or direction is lazy at best."

PopMatters,100,"Hopefully theres still enough room on peoples psych plates for Odd Blood, a masterful follow-up that deserves to get into your ears."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),91,"Odd Blood is every bit as dense as its predecessor, with every inch of space teeming with exhausting polyrhythmic detail and time-warped synth sounds."
Sputnikmusic,88,"Odd Blood ultimately reveals that beneath all the weird sounds, tribal harmonies and otherworldly textures, Yeasayer are still a bunch of indie-rock sentimentalists."
AllMusic,88,"The album has the feel of a stopping-off point of sorts for a band an evolutionary path, headed toward an even higher level of greatness."
Alternative Press,80,"Odd Blood peaks in the middle, with two marvelous extended tracks which take the raw materials of '80s soul and funk and somehow manage to inject the mesmeric, insistent rhythms of Krautrock without making a terrible mess of things."
Rock Sound,80,"The biggest, boldest, and best moments on their second album nod flamboyantly to influences never before evident -- Erasure ('Ambling Alp') and Haircut 100 (the tropical 'O.N.E.'), among others -- but somehow they're seamlessly integrated with trippier old jams."
Q Magazine,80,"I wasn't sure whether to listen to the record or call Ghostbusters. But once I plumped for the former, I was somewhat shocked to discover a pop record, full of grooves, melodies and recognisable chorus type-affairs."
Revolver,80,"The new sound features a dense, Dave Fridmann-like production: pumping, parping, squelching sounds familiar to those from The Flaming Lips, or MGMT, but rarely coupled to such strong hooks, or vocal performances, by either."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Odd Blood comes a cropper at times, but mostly this is an involving album of vivid weirdo pop. [Mar 2010, p.107]"
Pitchfork,80,"Not so much a step-up, but a masterclass in modern, multicultural, weirdo pop music, Yeasayer's second album is both odd and bloody marvellous."
PopMatters,80,"The feverish approach lends Odd Blood a slithering lo-fi ecstasy, elevating it beyond the similarly buzzing, synth-infused efforts of Yeasayer's peers."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Yeasayers greatest achievement is their balancing act, teetering between heartfelt and overly earnest, between invoking and pastiching past decades, between worldly experimentalism and token tourism."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The result is simultaneously stranger and poppier, more celebratory and more serious."
Drowned In Sound,80,"An unfamiliar listener coming in cold to Yeasayers second full-length album probably wouldnt make it too much further than the opener, The Children. Its a choppy, dirge-like downer, the soundtrack to a spooky submarines descent into the abyss in cinematic slow motion. But it would be a tragic mistake to abandon ship on this avant-pop Brooklyn trio just before the fun starts."
NOW Magazine,80,"Between the folds of intricate sound on Odd Blood float Yeasayer members Anand Wilder's and Chris Keating's expressive vocal harmonies, giving this seemingly disparate, indefinable music a clear identity."
The A.V. Club,80,"All in all, this is a rare sophomore album that widens the band's sound without narrowing its appeal."
Los Angeles Times,80,"While its still the arrangements that will continue to impress, the words and overall sonic ability speaks paramount to what Yeasayer is capable of."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Willfully odd, beautifully hypnotic and with a wonderful lightness of touch: a straw poll of the office drew comparisons to Flaming Lips, Arcade Fire and Take That. [Feb 2010, p. 100]"
musicOMH.com,80,"More accessible than Animal collective, weirder than MGMT, this is otherworldly pop music to make the head spin. [Mar 2010, p.103]"
Spin,75,"The album aims for pleasure rather than introspection, and most of the time, it hits the mark."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"So yeah, maaaaybe Odd Blood isnt quite the hive of unfathomably exotic treats that a few of the tracks might have initially suggested. Having given us time to prepare for the fact theyre quite the different band from All Hour Cymbals, Yeasayer Mk II have also given us time to realise that Odd Blood probably isnt likely to go down as their defining statement."
BBC Music,70,"Its an unabashed pop record that anyone should be proud to play at full volume."
Uncut,70,"Its not what Yeasayer once was, and who cares? They have avoided the sophomore slump the only way they know how: by fearlessly dismantling everything that made their debut a safe bet."
The Guardian,70,"Odd Blood is an album whose highs are higher than its lows are low; those valleys are, however, still very much present."
Slant Magazine,70,"With Odd Blood, the Brooklyn trio has left behind its most obvious ethnic influences--and its environmental anxiety--for a tighter, more polished sound."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"80s-centric brooklyn trio deliver complex second album."
Rolling Stone,70,"While it almost goes without staying that every bands aspiration is to ingeniously pique the interest of their listeners by reinventing old elements and coupling them with new and creative tones, it seems this records goal is not necessarily to go without saying, but say it all in the fewest possible breaths."
Boston Globe,70,"A full half of the album completely works. Congratulating a band on their improvement may seem a bit condescending, but Yeasayer's figuring it out. [Winter 2010, p.70]"
Billboard.com,65,"Throughout its padded 40-minute run time (like 'All Hour Cymbals,' its got a decent amount of filler), Odd Blood makes a stronger case for whats up next for the bands sound than where it is now."
AllMusic,61,"It's hard to miss the pressure the band was under to deliver here--it's nearly palpable in their overfed production and search for direction, and as a result, Odd Blood is a bit too much of not enough."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Odd Blood delivers a series of earworms that are undeniably catchy but leave a legitimate question in their wake: why should we care? Yeasayer ultimately fails to answer this question, and Odd Blood sort of just runs its course unimpressively."
Mojo,60,"Its entirely possible that the skillfully-made Odd Blood will find an entirely new bunch of listeners. Many of the old ones, like this writer, will probably just find themselves frustrated."
Q Magazine,60,"They seem keen to hold a mirror up to familiar pop tropes, but in doing so only reveal themselves for what they are - a gang of weirdoes carrying guitars. Perversely, their eagerness to engage the mainstream attention span often seems obnoxious in itself."
Chicago Tribune,60,"The more tastefully formulated tracks just cant offset the profusion of soppy lyricism and the tedium of weaker songs. Ultimately, Odd Blood reads as a well-informed but poorly executed homage to the 80s."
Drowned In Sound,58,"An overcooked vanity piece from a band inflated by praise, Odd Blood heads in every direction at once."
Clash Music,50,"It's all meant to sound fresh, but it doesn't always sound good."

PopMatters,70,"This is a solid album, rife with brooding love metal and big choruses, but while this is HIMs most accessible album to date its also the most unpalatable, as Ville takes one step too many towards self-satire."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"When the band are a little more concrete and less spooky, the results are especially compelling, but Screamworks is ultimately successful in its blending of melody and muscle. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
XLR8r,70,"A mixed bag, but an appealingly bold one."
Hot Press,65,"If I lived completely under a rock, I'd say Screamworks, and HIM in general, would hit Twilight tweeners straight in the heart with its dark, dismal and dire themes, but the more mature crowd would see the excessive sentimentality as almost self-parodying."
Urb,60,"The material sits within the bands canon well enough to please longtime fans, and listeners looking for some kind of middle ground between Evanescence, late-period Queensrche  and Fall Out Boy will more than likely find a few wicked gems to hang their heads to."
Under The Radar,60,"Old-school romantic Ville Valo croons as often as he screams, so that even when aiming for the stylistic median, a bit of local weirdness oozes forth to make Screamworks more interesting than it's designed to be."
Prefix Magazine,40,"While his lyrics are lascivious to a point, songs such as 'Love,' 'The Hardest Way' and 'Heartkiller' are strictly soft-focus, with any semblance of attitude--or actual sex--air-brushed into radio-friendly oblivion. [Mar 2010, p.102]"

Pitchfork,80,"Causers Of This infects your mind with pure psychedelia, splicing such conflicting sounds as soul, freak folk, hip-hop and electronica, and the result hits you like Animal Collective on a comedown, or Ariel Pink with Seasonal Affective Disorder."
Sputnikmusic,76,"Bundick embraces a cleaner and mellower sound that's more indebted to hip-hop. He wears his inspirations proudly, and throughout there's a clear nod to producers like J Dilla and Flying Lotus."
Dusted Magazine,76,"Closing with a bit of gaudy, high 80s bubblegum, Causers of This is a bold introduction to a promising newcomer."
Dot Music,75,"For some, this could be unlistenable; for others, it will simply come off like the natural product of glitch, shoegaze (to which Bundick certainly owes his chord palette), lo-fi, and psych."
No Ripcord,75,"Despite its basis in a genre with an expiration date, Causers of This is nonetheless an album worthy of consideration. While lacking in straight-ahead pop sensibility, it redeems itself by simply being interesting."
cokemachineglow,70,"Toro Y Moi puts intelligence and inventiveness into a youthful music genre dumbing itself down at an unduly early stage."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Bundick's Causers of This is also peaceful, but the album's tranquil tones sound a lot more like happy accidents than well-executed plans."
Rock Sound,70,"Causers of This sounds like a dance-pop mixtape plunged underwater -- it's all smeary synthesizers, chopped-up dance beats, and washes of reverb."
Alternative Press,70,"It squirms and shimmers for an all-too-brief 33 minutes, sounding like somebody melted a cassette with a mix of early-90s R&B jams on one side and Person Pitchon the other."
Billboard.com,70,"While Causers Of This appears lo-fi on a superficial level with its rough, oversaturated sound quality, it's evident that Bundick has achieved a level of familiarity with his tools which goes way beyond awkward, sophomoric fumbling."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Pronounced experimentalism is one of the more appealing properties of Bundicks record, while those most tolerant of tepid, early 80s tones will find certain segments easier to swallow than the rest of us."
AllMusic,70,"Its easy to commend this album on the sole basis that despite coating his tracks with an incomprehensible amount of tripped-out trickery, Toro Y Moi still branches out into less protected songwriting."
Spin,70,"As casual pop, Causes of This pleases effortlessly, though the listener doesn't get the sense that that's what Bundwick is all about here."
Q Magazine,60,"Bundick occasionally turns the energy up, like in the last 30 seconds of album highlight Low Shoulders, but those moments are too few and far between to make an impact."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Budget keyboard presets and filtered, treble-heavy production give the likes of 'Lissoms' and :low Shoulder' an endearingly woozy, lo-fi feel. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Pitchfork,60,"Unlike, say, Memory Tapes though, Bundick doesnt burn straight for a memorable hook, the pop elements of Causers of This trickling slowly from a frame thats shaped primarily upon forms usually spied and assimilated by artists operating in more dance-savvy circles."
Filter,60,"Trend spotters will likely label this as glitchy hypnagogic pop but Bundick's attention to pop melodies is almost as razor-sharp as his closest contemporary, Neon Indian. [Winter 2010, p.70]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The imaginative scope of this debut shows why expectations have been raised, his hazy soundscapes and blurred falsetto recalling Animal Collective's more strung-out moments. [Mar 2010, p.110]"

Prefix Magazine,100,"Wringing beauty from her pain, Moorer creates music that illustrates an age-old truism: Without sorrow, there is no joy."
musicOMH.com,90,"Though the disc starts off unhurried and threatens to dawdle, the gentle lilt of 'Goodbye to the Ground,' makes for one of Moorer's most creative efforts to date."
XLR8r,90,"With her songwriting on point (she's always had a weakness for obvious, forced rhymes, but her discovery of slant and blank rhyme leave just a couple such offenders intact) and with her distinctive contralto in exquisite form, Moorer's performance here is arguably a career best."
AllMusic,85,"'Crows' opts for a mostly stripped-down acoustic sound that provides the perfect setting for Moorer's marvelous, R&B-inflected voice."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Covering the likes of Joni Mitchell, Patti Smith, and Nina Simone on last years Mockingbird seems to have rubbed off on her. Crows is a striking album."
Drowned In Sound,80,"If Crows was the first album from a new artist, it would certainly be hailed as the debut of a powerful new voice, and the fact that it comes from someone who has already been making fine music in notably different styles makes the accomplishment all the more impressive."
PopMatters,80,"Occasionally augmented by beautifully restrained strings, theres a kind of heat-haze shimmer evident, of a kind that gave Bobbie Gentrys sound some of its mystery and magic."
No Ripcord,80,"Moorer strips away the nursery rhymes that sometimes plagued her output and instead focuses on song narratives that break from traditional verse-chorus-verse-chorus structure. The result is richly rewarding."
Lost At Sea,70,"The songs could use more steam, but Crows reveals yet another color in Moorer's palette."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Too much of it is lost in homogeneous country balladry more often associated with Trish Yearwood and all the other Nashville guff. A pity, because Moorer's voice is an expressive thing. [Mar 2010, p.94]"
Uncut,60,"Moorer's handsome voice is remarkably twangless here. Also remarkable is that the most indelible of her goth-chick musings is the happiest-sounding."
BBC Music,51,"Crows isnt without meritMoorers voice is beautiful, and the themes are on an emotional canvas that anyone over 13 with a normal amount of chromosomes has experienced, making her album relatable if not particularly memorable."

Under The Radar,89,"Every song could be three, but that they're not and that each individual movement advances the album's romantic arc proves all too swoonworthy."
Q Magazine,80,"Though they may lose a few fans with their new sound, You Say Party! We Say Die! do a fine job of growing into a truly interesting band on XXXX."
Los Angeles Times,80,"XXXX is more than just pastiche, however. Songs like 'Lonelys Lunch,' 'Shes Spoken For' and 'Glory,' a callback to their earlier sound, reveal a chemistry that is entirely this bands own."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"There's a dash of Yeah Yeah Yeahs about the opening scenes of this Brirtsh Columbia band's vivacious third album, which should have them gracing bigger indie dance-floors. [Jun 2010, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Dance-punk act up the ante and make play for music's top table."
Billboard.com,70,"Although there;s wnough kicky keyboard-pop to satisfy long-time fans, the darker nuances are a welcome evolution. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Boston Globe,70,"The slower pace and more sentimental outlook of XXXX gives listeners the necessary space and encouragement to surrender to the band's emotional message."
AllMusic,70,"A calm but affirming end to an album brimming with energy may seem a sort of juxtaposition, but it works so well with an album that is practically a live show in itself. [Winter 2010, p.70]"
BBC Music,60,"Too much of XXXX is spent recycling tired dance-punk moves for it to succeed as a whole."
PopMatters,60,"On their way to maturity, YSP!WSD! lost some of the punkiness that made them exciting, but they still have hooks and groovy synths, so the growth is graceful."
Spin,60,"The shoutiness that made their previous two albums a tiring listen hasn't been entirely banished, but they have taken it down several notches, while also dialing down several notches. [Jun 2010, p.133]"

Uncut,80,"As far as second albums go, it is a brilliantly bold, robust work, showcasing real development and the kind of graceful erudition that places Regan squarely ahead of the curve."
Rolling Stone,80,"He remains a formidable wordsmith, and a fast mover by the looks of things. However his career develops, it will be crucial for him to keep a tight hold of the bewitching elements that help make not just his debut, but also his latest, a refreshing listen."
Paste Magazine,80,"While not wholly abandoning the folkie acoustica of his Mercury-nominated debut, 'The End of History,' he's discovered the pleasure of plugging in, turning up the volume and roving in a bluesy, rockabillyish direction. And a pleasure it generally is."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Regan cross-wires mid-'60s Dylan and Paul Simon with the '70s CBGB pantheon, his songcraft on the verge of cohering his quirkily arresting strengths into true brilliance. [Feb 2010, p. 92]"
AllMusic,80,"If Regan's Mercury Prize-nominated debut in 2006 attracted comparisons with Nick Drake, this belated follow-up ditches the finger-picking folksiness for full-on rock, and sees Regan mutate into a latterday Mike Soctt. {Feb 2010, p.96]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Not only is he an edgy folk singer, but Regan's second album sees the young Dubliner plug in to a similar ragged, rockabilly vein to Dylan's mid '60s classics. [Feb 2010, p. 111]"
Uncut,70,"Its a fully realised, sprightly rocking album that proves that sometimes musicians are best left alone to do what they do best."
Hot Press,70,"If leaving Lost Highway was a blow to Regan's confidence you'd never know it from hearing this - he's definitely taken the right turning."

Alternative Press,80,"However, as the album progresses, with its mix of violins, guitar, synths and fitful percussion, a paradoxical mood and feel is established  desolate yet comforting, glacial yet warm, remote yet intimate, never more so than on Summer Fog."
Pitchfork,80,"Although Storytellers' qualities imbue it with sufficient class to shine forth from the background (in much the same way as Air's Virgin Suicides score, perhaps), its gentility and decorum are so consistent that this is an LP that needs to be sought out."
Under The Radar,80,"The band's plush indietronica is still in place, but there's greater warmth and imagination, and real consistency. [Mar 2010, p.79]"
PopMatters,80,"While storytellers has a decent amount of vocals, it's still the gorgeous, lush melodies and layered soundscapes that speak the loudest. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
Clash Music,75,"Traces of other San Diego bands like Pinback and LaValle's own Tristeza and the Black Heart Procession are distinctly here, culminating in mellow harmonies, relaxed bass lines and subtle ambient effects."
Q Magazine,75,"In comparison with the current post-rock landscape, it's largely uninteresting, but in creating a palatable easy-listening experience, it's a definite success. Like its predecessors, though, this is one story that's probably best told at bedtime."
BBC Music,75,"The new ambition found on 'A Chorus of Storytellers' has led the Album Leaf to its best execution yet."
musicOMH.com,70,"The Sun seems to have come out over The Album Leafs glacial landscape with some songs here edging towards a kind of elegant, and very pretty, pop."
The Guardian,70,"In this way, A Chorus of Storytellers resembles the Flaming Lips Embryonic (2009) in that its a characteristic and maybe even obvious album that stuffs a bands commercial instincts under a protective layer of feints and refusals"
Mojo,70,"While the decidedly middle-of-the-road mood of A Chorus of Storytellers wont get anyone fired up, though, the way that mood is constructed is the albums primary appeal."
Uncut,67,"The few songs sporting LaValles breathy vocals are a plus, and the percussion is heavier this time around, which is a welcome change from his previous predilection for glitch."
Q Magazine,63,"Sure, most of Chorus is pretty, but it's only that: Between the glistening guitars, cymbal washes, sighing strings, and electric piano, the beauty LaValle conjures is effortless but ultimately less impressive for not having any sort of contrast."
Clash Music,60,"A Chorus Of Storytellers fits in quite succinctly alongside its predecessors, and while perhaps not scaling the skyscraping heights of An Orchestrated Rise To Fall or In A Safe Place, doesn't rally represent a decline in standards either."
Dot Music,60,"All in all, A Chorus of Storytellers makes for better background music than a main attraction."
BBC Music,60,"However many crystalline moments of beauty their records contain (and of course there are some to be found here), for me there remains a cloying sense of the overtly melodramatic, of uninventive repetition that it is hard to ignore."
musicOMH.com,60,"Impressive though it is, however, there's a lurking feeling that it could have been released any time in the past 10 years. [Mar 2010, p.97]"
Uncut,60,"A Chorus of Storytellers is an evocative, full-bodied record from a band nearing the peak of their powers. [Winter 2010, p.68]"
Alternative Press,40,"Admirable attempts are made to emulate tourmates Lymbyc Systym on Blank Pages, but they fall short of that bands visceral energy and edge."
Prefix Magazine,30,"LaValles been trading in spitshined tonal conventions and vacuum-sealed beauty for quite some time now, and this might well be his best effort at putting it to record. But there are already three Album Leaf LPs that do this exact same thing, and the prospect of him doing that thing slightly better simply fails to excite."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The resultant chaos is addictive, energizing and catchy as hell. [Feb 2010, p. 108]"
Billboard.com,50,"Drum and Bass dons Noisia have been roped in on production duties and they've put a fair deal of weight into tracks that might otherwise have sounded flat."
Clash Music,30,"This aggressive tone is a constant throughout and pretty much breaks new boundaries in sounding absolutely ridiculous."
cokemachineglow,30,"This album is only worthy of more than one star for provoking a reaction. That, at least, is better than being merely another dull shade of musical grey. But only marginally."
PopMatters,30,"Just when you think theyve already smithereened the silly barrier, what the world needs most swiftly turns up: Hadouken! go Auto-Tune."
The A.V. Club,20,"For the most part, the album rehashes an overdone genre full of blustery, unoriginal, cryptic lyrics. [Mar 2010, p.94]"

Pitchfork,100,"The delicate melodies--sung by Merritt and various innocents, including longtime collaborator Claudia Gonson--make all the psychic mayhem go down smoothly, barely leaving a trace of blood on the floor."
Drowned In Sound,91,"Longtime fans will appreciate that Realism sounds more like classic Magnetic Fields than anything Merritt has done lately, but theyll especially enjoy the pithy bleakness of songs like Seduced And Abandoned (with its built-in explanation: and baby makes two) or the gleefully smart-aleck Facebook references in We Are Having A Hootenanny (in which a chorus of voices urges listeners to take our personality quiz)."
AllMusic,82,"Ultimately, the electronic-free approach on the closer of the trilogy results in the Magnetic Fields' most organic effort to date--and it doesn't stray too far from Merritt's pop-leaning background, making it the most successful of its synth-free siblings."
No Ripcord,81,"After a decade of contrarian, even petulant repudiations of the music that made the Magnetic Fields famous, Realism is capitulation, contrition, and celebration at once. Its back to basics in the best way."
Q Magazine,80,"Who knows what's real and what's not, but The Magnetic Fields write Great Pop songs, and this means a lot."
Under The Radar,80,"Realism showcases how effective it can be when it is allied to a dry sense of humour, a flair for melody and an ability to engage with more than a narcissistic world view."
NOW Magazine,80,"More A-grade angst from one of our cleverest songwriters."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Realism strikes a compelling balance between cringing honesty and organic chemistry that comes through in its crystalline composition as well as its more rugged manifestations. Complete reinvention isnt necessarily reached, but isnt quite the ultimate goal either."
Q Magazine,80,"Realism [is] an unexpected surprise. Merritt seems to have abandoned the overarching concepts, allowing him to concentrate on the actual writing and his enviable ability to wrong-foot the listener with emotional handbrake turns."
Dot Music,80,"Realism is a reminder that pop music is about perceived meaning, about using song-forms as vessels of perception."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Stunningly blending American country, English folk, and Victorian pomp, the album documents a life resigned to sadness amid a world brimming with beauty both real and fake."
musicOMH.com,80,"Banjo, flugelhorn, tuba, cajn, accordion and tablas all prop up Stephin Merritts distinctive bass and dry-humoured lyrics, which, fans will be glad to know, remain in top form."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"What Realism does best is preserve Merritt at his most real, a blend of Cole Porter, Morrissey and Eeyore, a master of what he labels as 'cosy, charming, subtle' gestures, which on several occasions (especially You Must Be Out Of Your Mind and I Don't Know What To Say) reach a level of miserablist perfection. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"
Alternative Press,80,"Realism is yet another solid gold deposit in one o the truly briliant pop music discographies of the past 20 years. [Winter 2010, p.69]"
Entertainment Weekly,78,"The Magnetic Fields eighth album, provides yet another example of why Merritt belongs on the shortlist of Americas greatest songsmiths."
The A.V. Club,75,"Old-school fans may roll their eyes at this forward throwback, yet whatever conspicuous mode he chooses to work in, Merritt's songwriting remains conspicuously remarkable."
Billboard.com,75,"Realism is a significant departure from the bands previous outing, Distortion, which was quite a departure from its predecessor, 'i.' And although the group continues to change sounds, Merritt's enthralling voice and songwriting dexterity continue to shine."
cokemachineglow,70,"Merritts songs are, as ever, as lugubrious yet playful as his voice."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This week the prolific tunesmiths flagship group, the Magnetic Fields, delivers Realism, the folk-inspired companion piece to 2008s Distortion, a fuzzed-out homage to the Jesus and Mary Chain."
musicOMH.com,70,"By far his most listenable and fully realized work since 1999s mammoth 69 Love Songs, Realism feels slight because it is. Its hard to hear someone so adept with a poison pen preen instead of brood, but its also rewarding."
New Musical Express (NME),63,"The experiment of the Fields' ninth record sometimes rewards, but too often struggles for urgency and warmth."
No Ripcord,60,"Merritt's songs are as delicate and meticulous as porcelain miniatures. Unfortunately, Realism holds more tchotchkes than museum pieces."
The Guardian,60,"Ultimately, Realism neither impresses nor disappoints."
PopMatters,60,"The acoustic-only, antique-sounding folks songs of Realism are superficially less abrasive than 2008's Distortion, but beneath they still articulate black-humoured romanticism. [Feb 2010, p. 111]"
Spin,50,"Merritt's singularity just feels awkward, and Realism is another album in a catalog more concerned with quantity than quality."
NOW Magazine,40,"His songs succeed when they balance on the knife-edge of banality and pathos, and when they succeed in making formula redeem itself and regain a kind of innocent power. For most of Realism, unfortunately, Merritt fails to even remotely strike this balance, abandoning any emotional power as he falls victim his penchant for formula and banality."
Mojo,40,"Realism is conceptually closer to '69 Love Songs' than anything he's done since, opting for a 'variety folk' sound somewhere between Kurt Weill and Sufjan Stevens, but its ratio of heart-felt-to-hokey is out of whack. [Feb 2010, p.93]"
Under The Radar,30,"Here there are few bright spots and barely any prevailing concept to blame that fact on, leaving Realism as a bad album with nothing but the band behind it to blame."

Paste Magazine,90,"Calcination is a harrowing, emotionally draining 51 minutes; it cant be judged on anything but its essences lyrically and musically, making it an abundantly successful endeavor."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"The Calcination Of Scout Niblett is less a record to be heard, and more a spectacle to be gawked at, one from which its difficult to turn away."
Lost At Sea,80,"It takes an incredibly steady hand and a reservoir of patience to pull off this tone, but delightfully, still below the surface is that tension. There are these competing moments in her music then, and it is the way they compete that makes her aesthetic unique and beautiful."
BBC Music,80,"Her minimal songs--just one guitar and sporadic drums--unfold laboriously, as though forcing themselves from Niblett's clenched mouth and hands."
Boston Globe,80,"Here she sounds more focused, and her delivery more triumphant."
AllMusic,80,"Scout Niblett is an acquired taste, but so many of the best things - olives, anchovies, nipple clamping - are. And if you have ever been tempted to acquire a taste for Niblett, The Calcination..., along with This Fool..., would be a good place to start."
Los Angeles Times,80,"She's not displaying much in the way of stylistic evolution, but it's not exactly certain whether this is a negative factor. As ever, raging raw emotion shouts out of Niblett's gullet, whilst sludge-chords resound from her low-hung axe, following the Nirvana (and thence PJ Harvey) school of quiet-then-loud, loud-then-quiet, but nevertheless imposing her own unpredictabilities on this dynamic."
Pitchfork,80,"Steve Albini is admirably restrained here, preserving the raw power of Niblett's guitar, allowing it to throb and hum beneath--and sometimes above--her bell-like voice. [Apr 2010, p.95]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"Niblett's music is very much an acquired taste, and there are few ways to enjoy this other than on her terms. She's not oblivious to this, and she has a sense of humor about it."
Q Magazine,70,"A disquieting atmosphere is conjured by both the constant shifts in tempo and Nibletts emotionally naked lyrics, while s naturalistic production deepens the albums near-menacing intimacy."
Alternative Press,70,"Despite the lack of hooks and the relative monotony of the music, this album is compelling. Nibletts earnestness transcends the criticisms usually levied at similar music."
Dusted Magazine,65,"Calcination does not lack sincerity or focus, but that doesn't make it any easier to digest."
Uncut,60,"This time around, though, she's more introspective, less shouty and the result is her most absorbing album since 2005's 'Kidnapped By Neptune.' [Mar 2010, p.106]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The Calcination Of Scout Niblett is the Portland songwriter's most challenging album to date. [Winter 2010, p.69]"

AllMusic,80,"The RK has been making weirdly wonderful recordings for over 40 years, but this one, as lovely and angular as it is, is one the of the strangest. Yet, its also -- if you stick with it -- among their most enjoyable."
The A.V. Club,80,"Ultimately, what listeners make of this set of audio portraits may well come down to what they make of conceptual art itself. For those who follow Keenans line, the album can be seen as another deconstruction of the illusory relationship between words, music, and emotion that popular music supposedly feeds us."
Dusted Magazine,70,"If the last Red Krayola With Art & Language record, 'Sighs Trapped By Liars,' surprised with its gentility, Thompsons dialectical relationship to/with form pretty much dictated that its follow-up had to jut out at right angles from its predecessor."
Spin,62,"It's sort of a perfect concept for Thompson: it's not particularly clever or abstract but to actually gather the efforts, time, and resources to release this album-- straight-faced-- seems mad. At this point, though, those who delight in Thompson's particular madness will need no explanations."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Five American Portraits will not earn the band new fans, most likely, and may only inspire a spin or two from experienced fans. But this is a record that has its merits, mostly due to its odd, hypnotic concept and benign perversity."
musicOMH.com,60,"Five American Portraits, another collaboration with conceptual art group Art & Language, combines the two [awkward rock music and high conceptualism]: these simple, rough portraits of George W Bush, Wile E Coyote, etc, while each song musically quotes relevant tunes. [Mar 2010, p.93]"
BBC Music,50,"There is some great interplay on the George W. Bush track and the epic of John Wayne. Other than that, not too much is memorable here."

Uncut,70,"Haters can hurl epithets toward Drew and NSN as much as they want, but the singer's sincerity simply cannot be denied."
Pitchfork,65,"What Is Love? is a very enjoyable record and a lot better than what I expected. Christofer Drew has given his listeners a taste of his potential, because, musically, he knows what he is doing."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"His first album, What Is Love?, is light acoustic pop on which he shows melodic skills. But Drew took some bad lessons from emo and his dad's folk record."
PopMatters,40,"Ingle's ability to write a pop melody is promising, perhaps, yet it's too hampered by nasal vocals to make much of an impression, and the albums short running time proves to be one of its biggest assets."

Prefix Magazine,70,"With this album, Major Stars show their talent as songwriters, creating a collection of songs that manages to rope you in with a solid rock foundation before attempting to blow your mind with fuzzed-out fretboard acrobatics, making the title a statement of purpose rather than empty posturing."
Q Magazine,64,"Occasionally the devotion to six-string mayhem overwhelms the songwriting, and unless you really get off on reams of guitar raunch, Major Stars on CD may still not be for you."
Under The Radar,60,"More than once Return To Form reminds me of a regular season game by the Chicago Bulls in the later years of Michael Jordans reign; needing something to surmount before they pull out the brilliance, they let things coast until theyre behind and then pull things out of the fire in the last couple minutes."
AllMusic,60,"The unhinged guitar liberation the group achieves on stage cant be touched by the inspired but ultimately uninspiring sound of Return To Form."
PopMatters,60,"Return To Form's one of their better efforts. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"Its mostly enjoyable on a surface level or if youre in the right mood (or under the right influence), but it doesnt beg repeated listens."

Pitchfork,80,"Good Shoes have home-produced a record worthy of similar plaudits; theres both hope and future here in abundance."
Prefix Magazine,70,"No Hope, No Future doesnt always play to the bands proven strengths, but it shows that Good Shoes are a thoroughly independent, even contrary band that's unafraid of change, even when its difficult."
Uncut,70,"With no delusions of grandeur attached to a debilitating hype machine, Good Shoes seem happy remaining cranky young men in their niche, keeping their less-than-stadium-sized but fervent crowd on their toes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The main problem with No Hope, No Future, though, is that very little here stands out above the accepted and expected norm. At times, there's a feeling Good Shoes have almost resigned themselves to a destined state of mediocrity."
Alternative Press,60,"It sounds like the Good Shoes are tired and mildly sick of it all--and unfortunately, its catching."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"When Jones starts singing about Clapham over the clipped, welter-weight indie of this quartet's second studio album it begins to seem a curiously south-eastern English rock vision - the clean guitars and Cure-style vocals suggesting a lighter shade of Bloc Party. [Feb 2010, p. 92]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Although reaching a touching peak on melancholic closer City By The Sea, two albums in Good Shoes still lack a defining personality of their own. [Feb 2010, p. 107]"
AllMusic,58,"A darker album, a slightly clumsier album, but an album with a strong unifying themes and a few songs worth stepping away from the bar for."
AllMusic,50,"London quartet Good Shoes offer little to get flustered over with this sometimes dire, but mostly mediocre second album."
Pitchfork,40,"It's a moment to rejoice on an album that just feels flaccid in comparison to the youthful debut."
Dusted Magazine,40,"As the title suggests, No Hope, No Future is rather short on vim. The wiry, Wire-y dynamics are mostly presnt and correct. [Feb 2010, p.86]"

Prefix Magazine,91,"He delivers a reprise of the same B part in a more forceful, normal voice: 'Why is everything a chore?/I'm too young to be defeated.' So far, he isn't. Wish him luck with that riptide."
Uncut,90,"Its youthful sense of noise and joy and wonder are heartening, its way with a tune addictive. Would that all summers were as warm, as happy and as big-hearted as this music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,84,"It's in the zealous craftsmanship of doing just about everything right and causing that aggregate rightness to harmonize in vibrant song about trying to be better that the truth becomes evident: this band is for real."
BBC Music,83,"To some extent, Astro Coast comes off like a muscular, radio-ready version of music that would've been found on a limited-edition 45 back in the mid-'90s. But the way Surfer Blood balances escapism and grit is a neat trick, and one that never really loses its sense of wonder."
AllMusic,82,"Ambition can just as easily manifest itself as a desire to create a relentlessly catchy, 'classic indie' album in your own dorm room, and if that's what Surfer Blood set out to do, Astro Coast succeeds wildly."
PopMatters,81,"As you might imagine, it's yet another interpretation of classic surf-rock, but as crowded as this scene seems to have gotten lately, most of its practitioners do the style quite well. Surfer Blood are no exception, and their varied approach makes for an intriguing album."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Their potential is the wrong thing to appreciate: it's their immediacy, their unstudied and unfocused energy, that hits the spot."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Astro Coast can stand up to online scrutiny--it's girls that keep Surfer Blood's reverbed indie rock jumping out of its skin."
Mojo,80,"It's stunningly close to being a masterful pop record, one exhibiting a tremendous amount of love and care in its meticulous level of craft. [Holiday 2009, p.77]"
Q Magazine,80,"Astro Coast sounds like an honest representation of four gifted songwriters writing what they know and how they know it. What they know is a refreshing change of pace for the indie rock narrative."
Pitchfork,80,"Astro Coast succeeds admirably because it pulses with a fun, youthful, and invigorating feel, and obvious lack of arty pretenses, studio mediation, or self-importance. Not every band can be Radiohead, thankfully."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Perhaps what's most impressive about Astro Coast as a complete album is Surfer Blood's ability to maintain cohesion and consistency, while infusing in a bit of variety."
musicOMH.com,80,"Led by a yearning frontman getting his Morrissey on, it's a debut that's boyishly and buoyantly charming. [Aug 2010, p.126]"
Uncut,80,"From Palm Beach, the new wave of 21st century powerpop. [July 2010, p. 97]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),76,"The star of the show here is ultimately the group's tuneful popcraft and its subtly gloomy underbelly. [Holiday 2009, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Astro Coast is a welcome reminder of the youthful vigour and playfulness of early Pavement and Weezer, imbibing the Sixties rule-book of good pop without coming off as a bad pastiche."
cokemachineglow,70,"Pavement noise scrimmages, warped Pixies surf rock, fresh-faced Weezer tuneage, it's all the same mess to them. But they dress up their guitar-mad escapades in a stadium-echo kick that Nineties indie kids were too grumpy to try."
The A.V. Club,70,"What could have been a sterling six-track EP is still a solid album to blast until the weather matches its summertime mood. [Feb 2010, p.97]"
Pitchfork,70,"Maybe that's the key to the whole album, how it can seem to be a blog-fisher one moment and slap you upside the head another: it dissolves before you actually know what hit you. But for a lot of us, that's all the more reason to dive right back in."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Astro Coast sounds so prescient that Surfer Blood will be riding a wave of popularity for a good few months yet."
Dusted Magazine,70,"There are just too many ideas for a first encounter. The good ones are special, no doubt, but a lot of the others are just other people's and lack the stamp of a band who know exactly who they are and what they're about."
Spin,67,"All the songs on Astro Coast, the 10-song debut from South Florida quartet Surfer Blood, hinge on the mighty riff. Guitarist John Paul Pitts' vocals are secondary, and the guitar compensates, weaving Built to Spill's guitar heroism into three-minute shards of pop-punk."
Under The Radar,60,"While it provokes some unpredictable moments, it's heartbreaking to listen to such tuneful moments of inspiration buried beneath towering stacks of old debris, and not the vintage kind."
Sputnikmusic,60,"When you live in Florida, it is summertime all the time, which might be why this Palm Beach quartet have developed such a seasonal vibe on their sun-spotted indie-pop debut. [Aug 2010, p.96]"
Delusions of Adequacy,55,"Even at its best this whole record sounds like a band who wants to make an impact by trying to be everything to everyone. And because they're not too good at everything they do yet, this lack of a definitive identity that makes it difficult to take them seriously (or if this is their definitive identity, they're just boring)."

PopMatters,80,"This may not be Elels' best record, but it's damn close to it, and a uniquely idiosyncratic deposit in an increasingly diverse discography that's getting harder and harder to ignore. [Holiday 2009, p.76]"
Q Magazine,80,"End Times may be a tunnel with no light at the end of it, but the bleakness is beautiful."
Mojo,80,"Youll find Eels most revealing, autobiographical work-to-date to be the most beautiful break-up record since Becks Sea Change."
Filter,80,"So in a sense the imperfections are actually its perfections because it represents Es state of mind purely: his every whimsical thought, his waking up and not knowing how hes going to feel that day and his whole-hearted honesty to allow every fucking shred of it be put to record because he has the audacity, intensity and conviction to do so."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is a dark, sparse, elegantly--and enjoyably--somewhat mopey, paradoxical album. Its emotionally raw, but devoid of self-pity. It's charming in its sense of irony and self-awareness."
Rolling Stone,80,"There is a fascination in listening to Mark Everett, the kind of fascination that goes with picking scabs or blisters, or the strange inspiration from feeling someone somewhere is going through a worse time than you."
Alternative Press,80,"The album rewards those who listen with songs that are confessional but also insightful."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"With its stark arrangements, glimpses of social disintegration, and thirtysomething neuroses (see I Need A Mother), it really is close to a masterpiece. [Feb 2010, p. 94]"
BBC Music,80,"If Noah And The Whale's The First Days Of Spring dealt with identical subject matter from a 20-year-old's perspective, 46-year-old Everett's tale is darker and more adult. And painfully brilliant. [Feb 2010, p. 104]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"End Times plays to Everetts strengths, offering enough intrigue and wonder to keep happy listeners new and old."
Austin Chronicle,80,"End Times is a break-up album that lashes relationship breakdown onto societal collapse, and rarely has Everett sounded so plaintive, so utterly broken down."
No Ripcord,80,"End Times is not merely Eels' best album yet, but in the highest rank of breakup albums, something with the anguished fury of Ryan Adam's 'Heartbreaker,' sighing with the stoic resignation of Bruce Springsteen's 'Tunnel Of Love.' [Feb 2010, p.83]"
Uncut,80,"End Times is easily one of Eels' finest achievements. [Feb 2010, p.93]"
Lost At Sea,80,"End Times sounds like a record that could, maybe should, be performed from a psychologist's couch. But it's an intriguing dialogue nevertheless."
Under The Radar,70,"Through a dozen terse, exposed songs Mr. Everett proceeds from bittersweet memory to guilt to resentment to a kind of acceptance. Even the glimpses of self-pity stay matter of fact."
Clash Music,70,"The album was recorded on a 4-track in the singers basement, and the lo-fi treatment certainly suits his grizzly voice. In fact, the downtrodden lyrics on the yelping stomper Paradise Blues and the jangly Gone Man are more or less redeemed by the songs sparsely elegant arrangements."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"End Times will polarize opinion, winning as many people over as it will alienate, something E is ready for."
No Ripcord,70,"Because every Eels disc feels like a breakup album, this overt and actual one may at first seem redundant, or worse....But this also may be his most universal work, and it's heartfelt and true"
AllMusic,63,"End Times is a kind of breakup album with Everett's youth that's both shimmering yet emotionally ransacked, and an affecting entry to his long catalog."
musicOMH.com,60,"Musically, End Times approaches Everetts best work yet, but due to its narrow focus and exhausting reliance on theme, it falls just short of it."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Everett keeps these ballads and rockers short, spare and pretty; his sad reportage is straightforward to the point of being guileless."
Mojo,50,"In the long, twisted canon of break-up albums, Everett doesn't only miss the mark, but makes arguably the first serious misstep of his career."
Q Magazine,40,"E seems to walk a fine line between triumph and disaster on every album he releases, and even if on End Times Mr. Everett falls pretty obviously over the wrong side of that line, it's as easy to blame the flop on a trick of probability than on a clear artistic trajectory."
BBC Music,39,"A foreboding chronicle of the unpleasantness to follow, the typical arc of a break-up tale never materializes as 'The Beginning' promises."
Drowned In Sound,33,"Unfortunately, End Times comes off as impersonal and flat."

Uncut,80,"Clocking in at less than 33 minutes to ensure your left gagging for more, Sweet Heart Rodeo is a near faultless blend of Landes country roots and the urban savvy of her Brooklyn base."
Alternative Press,80,"This is a delightful record, plain and simple."
The Guardian,80,"This follow-up feels less homemade, but just as delicately adventurous. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
The New York Times,70,"What any of this has to do with rodeos (although they come up in the lyrics) is anybody's guess; Dawn Landes is no cowgirl, but rather a quirky indie singer/songwriter with a light touch."
Boston Globe,68,"Sweet Heart is beguiling, warm and wise, but it begs for a good kick in the ribs."
PopMatters,60,"She makes us hold tight for the entire time, shaking and bucking the whole way, but never gives us a chance to let go. For such a short set, Sweet Heart Rodeo catches the listener off guard an awful lot."
Spin,60,"Her sweet vocals and country-ish musical tilt recall Cat Power, but with a fresh and affirming, rather than jaded, worldview. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"On the one hand, it seems that she wants to stick to her roots and make a country record, yet on the other hand, she wants to put on her engineer hat and make an album that is sonically interesting."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"And though her voice is strong enough to carry the tracks, most of the time its needlessly strained. Memorable as these songs may be, they could use a good kick of grit to truly set them in motion."

Rolling Stone,80,"Pictures is one of the rare albums that manages to hold tight to what is good about a band (in this case, energy and hooky songs), and add on new things (wider instrumentation, better arrangements) without compromising their strengths."
Dot Music,80,"Guitarist Glenn Page appears to be channelling namesake Jimmy in his Yardbirds days, while the spot-on harmonies of 'After You're Gone' suggest a live anthem in waiting. [Mar 2010, p.93]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The Len Price 3 sound well aware that people arent tuning in for their Swiftian commentary, but for the fizzy fury of their cheerfully unreconstructed rocknroll. Pictures may well be what the doctor ordered, for those whose preferred consultants last name is Feelgood."
Pitchfork,70,"Sonically, the LP3 arent doing anything their forebears didnt already perfect by 1967--or really, anything they didnt already do on their first two fully-formed records, outside of a few snatches of horn and organ. But the Len Price 3 are doing their best to honor this rich musical heritage."
The A.V. Club,70,"The whiplash reverberations of the 1964 Kinks and '65 Who on the LP3's third album, Pictures--the metallic thwack and buzzing sustain of singer-guitarist Glenn Page's Rickenbacker; the fast martial step and chrome-glaze harmonies in 'I Don't Believe You' and 'Nothing Like You'--are authentically vicious."
Clash Music,60,"They do what they do with admirable panache, ripping thorugh 13 buzzy little items in a shade over half an hour as though lives, or at least wallets, depended on it. [Mar 2010, p.105]"
musicOMH.com,60,"The trio are at their most effective when meshing from-the-streets comment with clanging guitars and harmonies in the vein of early-period Who, see the wry poke at tabloid celebrity, 'Keep Your Eyes On Me.' It's only when they descend into the Kinks pastiche of 'Mr. Grey' that the bar is lowered. [Mar 2010, p.96]"

Uncut,91,"There are a ton of catchy songs here: Almost every track on the album has something that grabs the attention."
AllMusic,90,"There are more detours, from austere acoustic avenues to vocodered pop to '80s disco, to fill you with hope for the next decade's offerings. [Feb 2010, p.94]"
Paste Magazine,87,"Without a doubt, this is all a lot to swallow, especially for long time fans of the band. Pure pop escapism this isn't, but as proof-positive that a band can evolve into legitimate artists without resorting to navel-gazing, it's wholly triumphant."
PopMatters,80,"Fridmann's production has given the band a whole new environment in which to play, and they've had their fun whilst making great, powerful music in the process."
Q Magazine,80,"Of The Blue Colour Of The Sky displays that Damian Kulash and co are perfectly capable of writing more grown-up, experimental material."
Drowned In Sound,78,"It's not oblivious as what Fridmann's achieved with Flaming Lips and MGMT, but OK's new found raunchiness is still dreamy, and Kulash manages genuine soul-boy vocal points through the angular groove of 'WTF?' and the sweetly-swaying bump of 'White Kniuckles.' [Holiday 2009, p.95]"
NOW Magazine,75,"The set careens confidently from the Prince-inspired fuzz-funk of opener 'WTF?' to the slinky live-band R&B of 'I Want You So Bad I Can't Breathe' to 'This Too Shall Pass,' a thudding psych-pop anthem in the mold of 'Kids' by MGMT. It's not all so good-naturedly goofy."
AllMusic,70,"The foursome collaborates with Flaming Lips producer Dave Fridmann for some trippy soul-tinged rock experiments that make for a fascinating if somewhat hit-or-miss listen."
Uncut,70,"Unlike Beck during his purple-paisley 'Midnite Vultures' phase, Damian Kulash employs a soul-freak falsetto that's sincerely accurate, and with the help of Lips producer David Fridmann, he and his power-pop pals master the Okie pranksters' baroque whirls."
BBC Music,70,"Bursting with promise, OK are more than their name suggests."
PopMatters,70,"The bands lack of a defining musical style has proven an advantage here, as frontman Damian Kulash and co. were clearly able to explore their boundaries, unconfined by audience expectations."
Rolling Stone,67,"He's better at riding the power-pop rainbow of ''All Is Not Lost,'' a sing-along for hipsters who remember how to party unironically."
Q Magazine,60,"It's mostly a psychedelic, smarty-pants dance party; no gym machines necessary."
Mojo,60,"There is still much to work on for OK Go, but at the very least, the progression on display this time around is rather admirable."
The A.V. Club,60,"As it stands, Blue Colour is no more than a better-than-average paean to '80s-era Prince by a band that has yet to find its voice."
Alternative Press,60,"They resisted the temptation to knock out another collection of power pop and instead hibernated for a few years, eventually teaming up with Dave Fridmann--a former member of Mercury Rev best known for his production work with the Flaming Lips--with the intention of reinvention, resulting in the mildly bewildering Of the Blue Colour of the Sky."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"They clearly asked Dave Fridmann to produce for his MGMT work rather than his exploratory Mercury Rev backstory. It's well, OK. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Ultimately over-long, Of The Blue Colour Of The Sky is still a preconception-changing album. [Mar 2010, p.100]"
Rock Sound,50,"It just feels like all the wacky studio noise takes away from what could have been a really fun album."
Filter,50,"Overall, its tough to tell what the band was thinking here. If their intention was to branch out, theyve done it, but the songwriting quality has definitely suffered."
Billboard.com,50,"All 13 of the tracks here sound nothing like their much parodied clip. Its just that sadly, branching out isnt a good thing for them."
Boston Globe,40,"Unfortunately, wit the exception of the catchy 'Needing/Getting,' there's little that's memorable. [Winter 2010, p.107]"

Spin,91,"Some tracks on Heartland are like listening to hundreds of violins at once, with all the dynamic subtlety that description doesnt entail. But when the album works, its majestic and impossibly rich."
Clash Music,90,"Pallett has crafted an absorbing gem of a record, one that delivers substantial emotional payloads by means of incredibly intricate pop music."
BBC Music,86,"There are a lot of things about Heartland that feel like Pallett is presenting himself more and more fully as an artist; the scope of breadth and mood of it are all grander, more assured, making ever more of a case that the guy shouldn't be viewed as a side note (string arranger for the Arcade Fire, the Pet Shop Boys) or a minor interest."
Entertainment Weekly,85,"Impressive in both scale and execution, Heartland succeeds not just due to Pallett's sizable talents, but his belief in his even larger ambition."
Rolling Stone,83,"Nothing is hodgepodge about Heartland, and rather than an outlet for the former Final Fantasy's many cool ideas, Owen Pallett presents one outstanding, unified one: all of him at once."
Sputnikmusic,82,"Whats clear, however, is that Heartland is a huge leap for Pallett on every level. These are the most accomplished songs he has written, and he makes up for the ground he cedes--predominantly his willingness to present conventional, immediate song structures--by making everything else so uniquely his own."
Slant Magazine,80,"Whatever you care to call him, the mans come up with the goods."
AllMusic,80,"This is a great album, and youre probably going to want to hear it again and again."
Uncut,80,"Rather than create an 'everything but the kitchen sink' album, Pallet applies a skilled and sensitive hand to his material. [Holiday 2009, p.76]"
Mojo,80,"Its a wide, spacious, summer storm of a record that bounces around genres like an open-world RPG game, and while there may be only 12 locations you can fast-travel to, there is enough treasure in each to keep the adventurer occupied for a month of afternoons."
No Ripcord,80,"Heartland is nothing new and in no way groundbreaking. But no-one else combines such intricate classical styling and technology to such pop-savvy effect."
PopMatters,80,"Lyrically, it's all sort of inscrutable and encumbering to follow, but the music is so good it scarcely matters what he's on about."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Heartland has a fine polish that feels as expansive as it is ornate."
Q Magazine,70,"Not everyone is going to want a 12-song cycle about the relationship of an extremely violent fictional farmer (no  come back!), of course, but within Heartlands grand sweep are some riveting and quite glorious ideas."
The A.V. Club,70,"Starting with offbeat rhythms and minor key vocals the album is not as accessible as 'Has A Good Home' and less adventurous than 'He Poos Clouds'--yet theres something that draws you into Heartland."
Slant Magazine,70,"Theres no denying that Heartland is an overflowing well of musical creativity that leaves you feeling like youve missed something crucial if you let your attention drift. But the array of sounds can smother the songs."
Pitchfork,62,"As a set of songs, Heartland has its hits and misses; but as a single work with an admittedly fanciful narrative throughline, it has its own peculiar charms."
XLR8r,60,"This is the pop Brian Wilson might have made, had he grown up infatuated with Sondheim rather than the Four Freshmen."
Lost At Sea,60,"Pallett's pallid voice fails to dramatise the narrative or really engage the listener. As a calling card for future soundtrack commissions, however, it should succeed splendidly. [Feb 2010, p.84]"
cokemachineglow,60,"What's lacking are a few copper-bottomed pop melodies to bind it all together; the kind of thing his collaborators normally provide, in other words. He's beter as a team player. [Mar 2010, p.101]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"The whole sprawl of tooting loops, sawing violins and Pallett's unlovely operatic warbling feels gruelling and indigestible - prog stodge in a dashing post millennial disguise. [Feb 2010, p. 93]"

Dusted Magazine,88,"Johnston's best songs remind us that every mirror, like every voice, is always in danger of cracking. But that doesn't take anything away from the beauty of our illusions."
Under The Radar,83,"Your gratitude for his economical writing may overcome your wonderment over why something so modest took so long."
AllMusic,80,"Rain on the City lacks the consistency of Johnston's masterpiece, 'Can You Fly,' or its follow-up, 'This Perfect World,' but unlike the albums that followed, this collection is a beautiful example of Johnston playing to his strengths and reminding us why he's one of the best and most singular American songwriters at work today."
musicOMH.com,80,"Freedy Johnston last released an album of new music in 2001 (he put out an engaging covers collection in 2008), but the years since have yielded a gorgeous pop record."
Prefix Magazine,80,"As he has for two decades, singer-songwriter Freedy Johnston plays the unreliable narrator in this exquisitely unsettling folk-rock collection."
PopMatters,80,"Rain is a fetching guitar-pop wonder, a melodic feastm blending vintage Marshall Crenshaw-like hooks with elegant, acoustic scenes-in-miniature. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
BBC Music,77,"Johnston delivers another album of nuanced and evocative tunes laced with vivid imagery and emotional depth."
Clash Music,70,"Here's a welcome return, as the underrated singer/songwriter went eight years between releases of original material. That's far too long for someone of Johnston's skill, but Rain On The City nearly makes up for the gap. [Holiday 2009, p.83]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Overall, Rain on the City splits a workable difference between Johnstons instinct to slow things down and a toe-tapper now and then."
Paste Magazine,67,"It's pretty good. That much anyone aware of Johnston's past highpoints probably could have predicted."
The Guardian,60,"Theres nothing really wrong with a single one of them. The problem is that fans of Johnstons music have been here before."

Uncut,90,"This Is War is passionate, rousing and astonishingly focused."
Q Magazine,80,"Even with these late-in-the-game flubs This Is War still shines as an artistic triumph for 30 Seconds To Mars. [Jan 2010, p.91]"
Mojo,67,"On the unashamedly epic This Is War, Leto doesn't just shoot for the moon, he practically colonizes it."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Strings, masses of fans, and stadium-size choruses make up the patchwork for the majority of this album; the end result is pretentious and overblown, but that doesnt stop This Is War from succeeding--well, for the most part anyway."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"This Is War is made serviceable by its polished showmanship."
AllMusic,60,"What saves it from being nothing but thirtysomething wish fulfillment is that this move toward goth-glam requires 30 Seconds to emphasize hooks and gives them aural variety, which doesnt make them seem any more serious but does make them considerably more palatable."
Boston Globe,60,"Produced for the most part by U2 collaborator Flood, the new album rarely operates at anything less than a frenzied fever pitch, with thundering percussion grooves, Leto's top-of-the-lungs yowl and wave after wave of Edge-style guitar theatrics."
Spin,60,"And while there's no escaping the notion This Is War would be easier to love could Leto decide whether he wanted to be in U2, Linkin park, or Marillion, one can't help but admire his style. [Jan 2010, p. 117]"
Uncut,40,"Full of schlocky neo-grunge howls; trite, faux-rebellious, lyrics ('from the right to the left, we will fight to the death'); and dull stadium production from Flood and Steve Lillywhite, there's little artfulness among the frequent references to a vague burgeoning conflict."
Billboard.com,40,"Unfortunately, Catalano wouldn't waste an 'uhh...whatever' on the hammy, bombastic third disc from Leto's band, Thirty Seconds to Mars (with Leto's brother, Shannon, on drums)."
Under The Radar,30,"Playing to splintered attention spans, This Is War insistently splices bits of other artists' work into a facile crescendo of mega-angst and ephemeral drama."
PopMatters,30,"Everything about this album smacks of contrivance and careful planning."

Pitchfork,80,"The Braverys adrenaline-rush, retro-new-wave/punk rock is back with a flourish. The album is a sonic high, but a mixed bag of lyrical ups and downs."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Singer Sam Endicott's  far more empathetic now that there's a reason behind all that rage."
Rock Sound,70,"Even on its mellower moments, the Bravery sound more excited about making music on this album than they have since their debut, making Stir the Blood a fine return to form."
Alternative Press,70,"While admittedly failing to match up to their self-titled debut, it makes a convincing case for not writing them off just yet."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Theyre out of step, out of time, out of place, and have completely gone off on one in their own strange little world; as such, theres much to admire about The Bravery. Just never go down to Endicotts basement."
Sputnikmusic,60,"With its techno beats, yowling vocals and laughably cliched lyrics, 'I Am Your Skin' fumbles at being a love song, while 'She's So Bendable' (the band's vision of Lou Reed fronting the Jesus And Mary Chain) is beyond generic. [Jan 2010, p. 92]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Fine as hacks, they're somewhat less fine as humans."
AllMusic,50,"Peppered with aimless, pointless prog-rock, Stir The Blood wants to be fun and affecting, and the bands failures in the latter regard destroy its ability to manage the former."
Billboard.com,40,"Their petulantly plagiaristic third album--mired in singer Sam Endicott's uncharismatic Robert Smithin-a-wind-tunnel moan (imagine that hair)--continues to stuff downtown Gotham streets into predictable, rhyming-dictionary couplets."
Q Magazine,37,"Endicott had a hand in penning the excellent title track from Shakira's new album 'She Wolf.' Perhaps he can preserve some of that creative spark for his own band's next endeavor."
The Guardian,23,"Someone clinically extracts whatever trace of messy humanity made it through the first time the Bravery worked the nu-wave shtick, on their debut; Stir the Blood is a parodoxically bloodless listen."

Rolling Stone,81,"For many listeners, his mannered delivery may prove as off-putting as Oberst's own vibrato, but for these songs, it sounds fittingly evocative, as if only he could sing them."
Spin,80,"Its appeal is immediate, rather than slow burning, and you can see it gaining fans who are less transfixed by eccentricity, more interested in tightly constructed songs. Yet at the same time, the words and images in these songs are deeply personal and self-revealing in a way that, I think, the first two albums were not."
Dot Music,80,"The result is an album thats vigorously lily-livered, with hardly a dull moment to be found."
Boston Globe,70,"They've built up a new Holopaw around them, expanding their sound in the process."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Oh, Glory. Oh, Wilderness. is the best record weve got from a band that was always solid, and also a statement from these guys."

AllMusic,91,"As usual, its worth any amount of trouble to hear Waits live."
PopMatters,88,"For those who self-identify as Tom Waits Fans, Glitter and Doom Live succeeds on pretty much every level."
New Musical Express (NME),86,"The best live music doesnt attempt to just mirror the recordings, but expands upon them, highlighting a performers chemistry with the band and audience. When Waits does that, the illusion works; when he doesnt its like seeing the cards tucked up a magicians sleeve."
Alternative Press,80,"If this is as close as you get to hearing Waits live, its an illuminating snapshot of an artist whose concerts are increasingly rare and compelling."
Rolling Stone,80,"Glitter and Doom Live is not simply a souvenir of a tour most fans didn't attend but a de facto greatest hits of Waits' fourth decade of music, during which his gnarly adventurousness didn't wane but only intensified."
The A.V. Club,80,"The usual thrill of a live album comes from slightly tweaked familiarity, but Waits treats his songs like old cars in need of new engines. It's a decision that's ultimately more rewarding, turning Glitter and Doom into an album that basically amounts to 80 minutes of new material."
Spin,80,"The 17 tracks emphasize the latter half of his career, but hes toned down his more avant-garde tendencies somewhat and injected a bit of R&B swing and jazz vibes."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Glitter and Doom doesnt include a pocket-sized Waits who sings and dances atop your candelabra with a pawn shop marimba, but it provides you with the tools to imagine such a sight."
Pitchfork,80,"It would have been nice if Glitter and Doom included a few more buried treasures from Orphans, but ultimately thats nitpicking, since whats here does a more-than-ample job soaking up the raunchy, scrappy heart this album sets out to spotlight."
Pitchfork,80,"Glitter And Doom Live is an admirable document of yet another stage in his continually engrossing career."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Theres only one test a live album has to pass, and this one stands up to it: if you were there youll be prompted to bask in the memory, and if you werent youll be wishing like hell that you had been."
Paste Magazine,80,"A sophisticated gentleman does a poo."
AllMusic,76,"Waits is still an impassioned and awe-inspiring performer; here we can still hear, as invigorated as he was before I was born--or so I can guess."
PopMatters,75,"the Waits of Glitter and Doom Live values theatricality as much as storytelling. As on his previous live album, 1988s 'Big Time,' Waits often borders on playfulness."
The A.V. Club,75,"Waits tends to inspire love-it-or-hate-it reactions; those who don't dig him will probably be mystefied by the over-the-top cheers captured here. [27 Nov 2009, p.71]"
Paste Magazine,70,"Waits' second live retrospective plumbs his later LPs, especially 1992's Bone Machine and 2004's Real Gone; it misses classics like 'Time' but shows off a deep oeuvre and a brassy, mischievous sextet."
Filter,70,"At times surreal, at times laugh-out loud funny, but always captivating, 'Tom's Tales' alone are worth the price of the album. [Holiday 2009, p.79]"
Boston Globe,60,"The good news, however, is that admirers of the later albums such as Bone Mahcine, the Black Rider and Real Gone are very well served. [Jan 2010, p. 91]"
Pitchfork,60,"A live document of his wildly acclaimed 2008 tour, Glitter And Doom further amplifies that uniqueness, backed up by an entire second disc of surreal storytelling. [Jan 2010, p. 126]"

Slant Magazine,75,"Theres very little here that fans of Sumners prior work absolutely need to hear, but he and his mates appear to be having fun, and their spirit is pretty infectious."
NOW Magazine,70,"Of course, new bands have lower expectations than established bands, and while virtually every listener will contrast Never Cry Another Tear with New Order's best work, it has the sweep and grandeur of the group's classic moments."
No Ripcord,60,"Sumner still has a knack for making dopey lyrics sound profound atop guileless Brit-rock jangle and electronic moodiness."
PopMatters,60,"It's ultimately another product of New Order's comfortable middle age, in which the sound of their golden past gets dependably reproduced."
Uncut,60,"Such is the blessing/curse of surviving and thriving in the music business for over 30 years. When you strip all that away, though, Never Cry Another Tear is a promising debut from a new band thats still searching for an identity all its own."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The lightness of touch is a pleasant surprise, but not as pleasant as the sound of summery Sumner re-engaging. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Hot Press,60,"Bernard Sumner delivers decent Enough Post-New order solo platter."
cokemachineglow,60,"'Runaway' and 'Head Into Tomorrow' sound like the songs that Joy Division might have written if they'd hung out with Ewan MacColl. Good, but slightly disorienting. [Nov 2009, p. 81]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Unfortunately these familiar sounding highlight aren't enough to raise Bad Lieutenant above the level of any other New Order side-project and they in fact fall some way short of Sumner Electronic."
Entertainment Weekly,41,"This record meanders through a set of passable songs that ultimately decline to move or enthrall you."
Rolling Stone,40,"Sumner's fans won't be disappointed, but it feels a bit like a stopgap. [Nov 2009, p.90]"

Under The Radar,80,"Midwinter Graces is 12 tracks long, a perfect length, and most of the production is spot-on."
Mojo,80,"Amos sounds so tranquil she could almost be floating, but the stateliness of the orchestral backing keeps the songs grounded."
Q Magazine,78,"Her latest release, Midwinter Graces, is a typically provocative-in the best possible way-entry in the yuletide canon."
The A.V. Club,70,"Midwinter Graces succeeds where so many other holiday classics fail miserably. I never thought I'd say this, but with Midwinter Graces, Amos has made a holiday album that deserves to sit alongside those classics that you'll actualy listen to this winter."
AllMusic,60,"Thanks to some familiar melodies, it can sometimes seem seasonally appropriate, but it always seems purely Tori, who has somehow managed to deliver an easy listening version of all her signatures in one tidy, not so-Christmasy, package."
Spin,60,"As a subversion of religious themes, Midwinter misses the mark entirely; as a traditional holiday album courtesy of one of Christianity's most astute pop cultural critics, it's an ironic, pleasantly competent oddity."
The Guardian,60,"Perhaps where Midwinter Graces suffers most is that it will be resigned to the world of the holiday album, making brief appearances from only late November to early January, garnering at most a passing mention the rest of the year. At the very least, though, it is a holiday record that will be remembered once a year."
PopMatters,60,"If Bob Dylan can do it, so can Tori Amos, whose own nod to the festive season, Midwinter Graces, is a rather more palatable, ornately arranged selection of self-penned songs and such carols as Star Of wonder and Emmanuel. [Jan 2010, p. 126]"
Q Magazine,49,"Amos fails to find an entryway into these songs that justifies her willingness to bury her personality inside them, ending up with a well-meaning but ultimately inessential vanity project."
Hot Press,48,"Amos said she wanted to reclaim the songs from religious appropriations, but in the end, she just barely save us all from complete shame. [Holiday 2009, p. 98]"

Uncut,80,"The emo godfather's sixth album proves he's also gotten better in that span."
Drowned In Sound,74,"The band's sixth studio album, Alter the Ending, is a perfectly blended concoction of acoustic melodies, graceful harmonies and powerful anthems wrapped around the story of a man trying desperately to save a failing relationship."
Pitchfork,70,"Produced by power-pop whiz Butch Walker and Fountains of Wayne's Adam Schlesinger, Alter the Ending contains no shortage of high-gloss thrills."
Mojo,67,"At it's best, Alter The Ending becomes a record about misery that's actually fun to listen to. For purists who object to such mixed messaging, there's always the deluxe edition's all-acoustic bonus disc. [13 Nov 2009, p.97]"
PopMatters,60,"Returning fans may take comfort in these cathartic anthems, but those who were won over by 'Poison Trees'--a return-to-form effort that combined melody with more nuanced arrangements--will prefer the deluxe edition's acoustic disc."
The Guardian,60,"Frontman Chris Carrabba then shifts into the 'Mature Artist' EP, showcasing critic-approved influences like U2 and the Cure ('Blame It On The Changes'), but goes too far with the acoustic mewl of 'Even Now' (which is so personal, it's awkward) and 'The Motions,' a failed experiment in '80s pop. [Jan 2010, p. 92]"
Billboard.com,42,"Alter The Ending nose-dives into the studio of Butch Walker, the man behind Pinks 'Funhouse' and Weezers 'Raditude,' and he comically overproduces the damn thing."
Under The Radar,40,"The leaden pillow talk of Alter the Ending deigns to simulate a whispered avowal of wounded love delivered straight to your ears, but Carrabba's lyrics suggest someone who needs you, not someone who loves you."
AllMusic,30,"Alter the Ending will probably satisfy the California rocker demographic that keeps groups like Phantom Planet, Switchfoot, and Yellowcard afloat. But to outsiders, its a transparent affair reeking of bloated budget and generic goals."

Slant Magazine,80,"Xenophanes might be the most concise statement Rodriguez Lopez has ever made (11 tracks in 45 minutes), and its tidiness is evident from the (mostly) taut song structures, urgent pacing, shortened solos, and singable melodies."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Xenophanes is proof that even as he reins himself in a bit, Rodriguez-Lopez cannot help but to push the envelope; this time it's as a rock & roll songwriter who knows too much to keep it simple, yet understands the instinct to draw the listener in, time and again, with layers of subtlety, powerful emotions, sleight-of-hand aural magic, and sheer power, as well as sophistication."
Q Magazine,60,"It's a moody composition with occasional moments of brilliance that will ultimately leave most listeners as confused as they are content. [Oct 2009, p.114]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The feel is still sketchy and somewhat improvised, but there's no sense that these songs are simply impressionistic doodles."
Filter,60,"The result is a listenable, more conventional version of his primary band. Though refreshing in a solo-career context, we've heard most of this stuff before."
Rolling Stone,57,"Only staunch Volta cultists would claim every minute of Xenophanes is worth your precious leisure time. But damn if the best bits don't make an excellent in-car soundtrack for pretending you're on your way to something more dramatic than your day job."
Billboard.com,30,"For a solo artist obsessed album-in and album-out with delivering a product alien to the mothership, this move represents a regression, a willingness to tread ground he's covered, almost note-for-note."

Spin,83,"It's a sleekly presented modern-rock album with no shortage of bruising guitars or catchy choruses."
Entertainment Weekly,74,"The bands seventh full-length is meat-and-potatoes arena rock polished to a gleaming sheen (thanks to producer Mike Elizondo), wrapped around huge hooks and intercut by Foremans incisive, discontented lyrics, which almost always manage to translate sentiments rooted deeply in faith to universally relatable choruses."
AllMusic,70,"Hello Hurricane is by far the San Diego rockers' most natural, effortless outing to date."
Alternative Press,70,"An uplifting, hope-giving affirmation of resurgence from a band who might have been down at one point but were definitely never out. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
The A.V. Club,70,"More than a couple of the mid-tempo light rockers here lack teeth, some of them even lack gums. Weve heard Switchfoot as weepy soundtrack peddlers before, but Switchfoot the rock band, it turns out, is pretty darn good."

Slant Magazine,80,"But whereas their 2004 debut EP Headgit was intriguing if slightly stiff, they have developed into a propulsive unit with good tunes and a panoramic, near-psychedelic guitar sound. [Jan 2010, p. 90]"
PopMatters,75,"Almost nothing on Landing is relevant to the music scene or the world at large in 2009. Still, theres something appealing about the way Githead adheres to the big beats and soft grind of songs."
Delusions of Adequacy,74,"Githead cohesively blends the sounds of each of the foursome's past experiences. [Holiday 2009, p.95]"
AllMusic,70,"Landing may take a number of listens to begin to sink in, but when it does, it stays with you."
Alternative Press,70,"So be prepared to hit the shuffle button after you add Landing to your music playlist.  But for those times you need a soundtrack for going nowhere in particular, Landing in its entirely will do the job."
Slant Magazine,60,"Landing is a well-made bit of fun, but its no more than that."
Spin,60,"While there are moments of buzzing, high-flying bliss on Githead's third LP, one can't escape the sensation of horizon-hugging deja vu. [Jan 2010, p.94]"
Pitchfork,60,"It's the sinuous, propulsive bass of Malka Spigel (Newman's wife and co-founder of the Swim~label) that takes centre stage, never more so than on instrumental opener Faster, the first of several tracks to invoke the ghost of New order. [Jan 2010, p. 119]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"For their third album, Githead -  that's Wire's Colin Newman, Robin 'Scanner' Rimbaud, and Malka Spigel and Max Franken of Israeli post-punkers Minimal Compact - have partly abandoned the sly hooks of 2007's well-named Art Pop In favour of a leaner and more ambient approach. [Jan 2010, p. 112]"
Billboard.com,58,"The droning effect of the guitars-- all that static strumming-- might be more effective if they didn't sound so rounded-off and sanded down into a blur. It saps the life out of the songs, which come off more drab than they should."
Paste Magazine,30,"They rarely let loose with their old 4AD/post-punk strafing runs. [Holiday 2009, p.80]"

AllMusic,80,"This is a unique if occasionally discomfiting album that finds great beauty in surprising places."
Alternative Press,76,"The new album is much more subdued yet at the same time, more adventurous in what it accomplishes. [Holiday 2009, p.100]"
Boston Globe,70,"Chimeric sounds like the product of less tense and more spacious recording sessions. The band considers the record raw, broken, and unpolished, but they have nothing to be apologetic about. By loosening up they sound invigorated."
Mojo,70,"Conveying a much rawer sound than on previous releases, Chimeric's cold and accentuated tones are juxtaposed with a warm and live production style. [Holiday 2009, p.80]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Radian, the Vienna based trio of martin Brandlmayr (drums), Stefan Nemeth (guitars, synthesizers)and John Norman (bass), are a cerebral, digital post-rock outfit whose wibbliness too often leads them into a state of rhythmic paralysis. [Jan 2010, p. 123]"
Filter,40,"Although these compositions show a ton of improvisation, Radian pigeonhole themselves to a one-note range that imprisons Chimeric with a threatening, claustrophobic mood."

Dusted Magazine,80,"Why You Runnin may only be an EP--one can only hope Lissie has enough slow-smoked melody in her arsenal to sustain an entire album--but it's one of 2009s finest folk releases regardless."
PopMatters,70,"It doesnt hurt that Bill Reynolds of Band of Horses produced the five-song EP, and though it clocks in at a brief 20 minutes, its worth repeated listenings."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Her powerful voice involves a haunting dip in intensity at the end of her phrases, and her loudest moments have the perfect amount of reverb to really tug at your heartstrings."
Alternative Press,70,"Her towering single 'Little Lovin'' and the Cat Power-like ' Oh Mississippi' halmark a preview EP tailor-made for long nights wearing cut-off jeans, drawing long drags from a Marlboro, and swigging Pabst Blue Ribbbon. [Holiday 2009, p.82]"

Q Magazine,80,"A turn towards pop has alienated some fans of their earlier work, but almost everything here could be released as a single, and thats an undeniably winning achievement."
Uncut,80,"Can you hear it? Its here! Biffy finally make that sprint-burst into the rock stratosphere and trample over the competition like badly tattooed elephants smashing through dead branches."
Pitchfork,80,"It's likely that their slabs of noise are too explosive. But for Team Biffy, their followers, this is a strength, not a failing."
Under The Radar,80,"Only Revolutions has enough in the way of nous, intelligence and tunes to broaden their audience immeasurably. [Dec 2009, p.122]"
AllMusic,80,"The melodies are instant, the hooks as hefty as Nikolay Valuev's--this is a big, obvious, step forward."
Filter,80,"Only Revolutions is just the kind of record to turn a cult following into a fair market share of the collective rock 'n' roll unconscious."
Pitchfork,80,"Scots veterans turn up the orchestra knob and rock."
Under The Radar,60,"Musically slick but unpredictable, Only Revolutions is the stuff of stadia; a more obstreperous Foo Fighters; if you like. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
Uncut,60,"This affinity with Muse is impossible to escape on pounding epics like 'That Golden Rule' and 'Mountains,' but the slight personal 'God & Satan' and intriguingly angular 'Born On A Horse' offer respite from the bombast, while Queens Of The Stone Age's Josh Homme brings a welcome touch of class to 'Bubbles.' [Feb 2010, p.79]"

No Ripcord,90,"Ultimately, it's Weezer's deft mixing of immediately hummable rock with lyrics that reveal Cuomo's own melancholy gaze on the pop landscape that makes Raditude a passionate surrender to growing up and a throw-your-arms-up-and-scream ride down the other side of the mid-life roller coaster."
AllMusic,83,"Raditude still feels like the product of Rivers Cuomo, who's no less unnerved by girls than he was before his 15 years of rock stardom."
Filter,80,"Instead of trying to divine the line between earnest and ironic, Weezer fans should just sit back and enjoy what works here. And like every Weezer record, plenty does."
PopMatters,70,"Raditude sounds like a high-stakes game of chicken, and the intellectual gamesmanship becomes more satisfying than the music."
Under The Radar,70,"His willingness to make fun of his psychosexual damage only makes it more poignant."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Given what we know about Cuomos eccentric inner world, its hard not to find those dazzlingly perfect melodies kind of hollow."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Raditude seems intent on establishing itself as a now album, sacrificing any sort of cohesive vibe for a pop-friendly disc designed for car stereos to be turned to 11."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Overall, this one's largely forgettable, and plays primarily as a jokey--if not well produced--one-off continuation of The Red Album."
Q Magazine,60,"Sonically, the lean disc is more in line with Weezers recent work and the overall mood is playful--with plenty of lyrical references to a radder era."
The Guardian,60,"The tunes come think and fast, but their geeky adolescent routine is wearing thin. [Jan 2010, p. 126]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Weezer's likeabe, insubstantial powerpop has often been infused with somewhat tetchy intimations of latent intellectual heft. On Raditude, this manifests in guest appearances by Amrita Sen and Nishat Khan on the dreadful 'Love Is The Answer.' Elsewhere, though, Weeaee seem to have ceased to care. [Feb 2010, p.107]"
Hot Press,60,"Old-school Weezer fans won't like it, and neither will blog-rock acolytes. But that's the point. Raditude is the murderous revenge of the middlebrow."
Mojo,58,"Hooks only go so far, and outside of 'Put Me Back Together' and 'I Dont Want To Let You Go,' Cuomo doesnt appear interested in propping them up with human emotions."
Uncut,50,"The weird aftertaste of Raditude isn't that Cuomo has so surrendered the oddball charm of his band's first two albums, though. It's that his late-career pursuit of mindless, opulent fun is so transparent that it almost taps a deeper vein of interior sadness than anything on 'Pinkerton.'"
AllMusic,43,"Raditude doesn't have that stench of minimal calculation on it; if anything, it's as earnest as the famously confessional Pinkerton, just written by someone whose age doesn't match his POV."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Weezer disappoints again. The rest of the tracks are, for the most part, more throwaway power-pop in the vein of the 'Red Album.'"
Boston Globe,40,"Whatever the case, Ratitude is both a clunker and a fitting end to a decade in which Weezer continuously spiralled downward."
The New York Times,40,"The dressing is a little different this time around; a few more jokes, a couple catchy tunes (this is most definitely not the worst Weezer album ever), but once again Weezer are content with churning out sugary pop tunes that go down easy and unimpressively."
Rolling Stone,39,"Raditude is an album of surface appeal--theres no heart beating inside these plasticized tunes."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"Driving yet jaunty guitars abound and backing chants fill the required spaces, yet it all comes across too much like a sub-par parody of their former selves."
Alternative Press,30,"Raditude is not a great album or even an interesting one."
musicOMH.com,30,"In general, the choruses are forgettable, the guitars are woefully exaggerated, and the quirkiness that made Weezer a band to be cherished now seems forced and stale."
Prefix Magazine,20,"Raditude is thoroughly extraneous. It is Weezers worst album."
Q Magazine,10,"Raditude is a thematically vacant and sonically uninspired collection of ditties tailor-made for mainstream radio; it consistently fringes on unlistenable."
Uncut,10,"Raditude is just the latest and fullest articulation of Cuomo's wincingly sad desire to become a mainstream success, [Holiday, 2009, p.79]"

Spin,80,"Morrissey's non-album material has traditionally been impeccable, but Swords is not complete in terms of extra material from the past decade. Nevertheless, taken only as a somehwat arbitrary collection of songs, Swords still excels."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's almost worth it for the titles alone. [Dec 2009, p. 136]"
Los Angeles Times,78,"It's obvious that great pains were taken with the sequencing--starting with the exuberant 'Good Looking Man About Town,' winding down with Morrissey's twist on Bowie's nostalgic 'Drive-In Saturday, ' and trailing off with the resigned ode 'Because of My Poor Education.' The artistry alone is worth the purchase.  [Holiday 2009, p.91]"
Pitchfork,75,"Guilty as charged, then: Ill gladly let Moz, my all-too-human co-pilot, do my thinking for me."
No Ripcord,75,"Yet as good as Morrisseys throwaways can be, they arent all good. Many of the tracks on Swords feel like one more drag through the usual obsessions with crime ('Ganglord'), bad education ('Children In Pieces'), and wilting virgins ('The Never-Played Symphonies'). But the standouts deserve to be rescued from obscurity."
NOW Magazine,72,"From the range of production styles to the bonus disc of live tracks, Swords is a welcome catalog addition"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Certainly on this album class is more straightforward."
Paste Magazine,70,"Uneasy expressions or not, Swords will slay if given the chance."
Dot Music,60,"While a large proportion of these Swords are decidedly blunt blades, a few could have easily found a place on a greatest hits."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The themes are familiar, yet still captivating, as rock's most misanthropic man sings about a world of emotional retardation and alienation. [Dec 2009, p.111]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Nothing here is quite an embarrassment, but compared to his other albums of this nature, including the muddled World of Morrissey, there's a distinct lack of humor and hooks, or anything else memorable."
cokemachineglow,50,"You see, as Swords, mopping up of the stray B-sides and bonus tracks from the comeback years, suggests, Morrissey now has a dilemma: Following group glory, solo vindication, political notoriety, sullen exile, and dramatic revival, what on earth does he do for an encore?"
Slant Magazine,50,"Considering the quality of the singles drawn from 'You Are the Quarry,' 'Ringleader of the Tormentors,' and 'Years of Refusal,' it's an utter disappointment that Swords, the collection of B-sides from those singles, is so uneven."
Under The Radar,50,"Most of what's here are, predictably, mid-tempo mopers, as opposed to the more agressive, distorted side that's driven some of his best work this decade. [Holiday 2009, p.80]"

musicOMH.com,100,"Live at Reading presents the band at its post-Nevermind peak. Watching Kurt Cobain radiate so much life is bound to trigger some tears."
Q Magazine,100,"Hints of this could be heard on the live comp From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah, but this is a complete document of Nirvana in full flight and one of the greatest live rock & roll albums ever."
Filter,100,"However delayed Live at Readings official release is, thankfully fans can finally rejoice and celebrate its long-awaited arrival. Few live shows are able to communicate a bands heart and soul the way Nirvanas is brilliantly encapsulated here."
The Boston Phoenix,95,"Live at Reading effectively grants you side-stage access to the band in their mosh-pit-stoking, drum-set-toppling, putting you as close to the action as the band's mysterious friend Tony, who's seen flailing onstage throughout the show like an epilpetic Bez."
The A.V. Club,93,"Songs like these are why Nirvana was king and this show proves why the band was peerless. Suddenly Nirvana is everything to me all over again. [[Holiday 2009, p. 92]"
Billboard.com,92,"Live at Reading is a corrective to all that [i.e. journals, Guitar Hero], a reminder that nothing so trivial could ever sully music as irreducible as this."
Drowned In Sound,91,"The official release of Nirvanas headlining performance at the 1992 Reading Festival feels at once indescribable and quaint."
PopMatters,90,"Reading is a far cry from pop-chart fodder. And while the jarring howl of Cobain's Fender and his gravelly delivery may alienate the more nonchalant corners of their fanbase, these ferocious renditions will be a godsend to the dyed-in-the-wool Nirvana following."
Uncut,90,"Nirvana's headlining gig at the 1992 Reading Festival looms infamously large because of (a) that amazingly creepy photo of Kurt getting wheeled onto the stage looking like Norman Bates' mother, and (b) the show was a mind-blower--sloppy indie rock as stadium-filling psychedelic punk."
Mojo,89,"New DVD/CD combo Live at Reading rides the wave of mutilation that was Nevermind, but its best moments dump Bleach, the busy shoot pausing to catch Cobain picking out debut detention 'School.'"
AllMusic,88,"Nirvana launch into a 90-minute onslaught of fugly-beautiful grunge-guitar fury."
Pitchfork,88,"This Reading appearance-released for the first time on the CD/DVD package 'Live at Reading'-captured the trio's skill at turning simple power chords into some of the most memorable rock anthems of the '90s."
Slant Magazine,83,"Its a monster of a concert film in any case, with a band at the height of its powers--and not yet totally sick of 'Smells Like Teen Spirit.'"
Under The Radar,70,"So its good, but given the large amount of quality Nirvana concert stuff out there, does Live At Reading really have much by way of USP? Probably, yeah, if only because it's the band's sole full electric gig commercially available."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"This is a fierce live performance by a band who didnt always manage to hold things together onstage. It catches Nirvana at maximum intensity, aware of, but not disabled by, the contradictions that tormented Cobain and would eventually tear him asunder."

AllMusic,100,"This is a test"
PopMatters,100,"I remember being disappointed after subsequently discovering Bleach, the bands debut. It didnt have Neverminds hooks, precise quiet/loud dynamics or Butch Vigs glossy production. Years later, its those attributes that make Bleach so endearing."
Pitchfork,91,"Sure, its valuable as a blueprint for music that would change everything (for a while, anyway), but also as a repository for the perfect synthesis of grunges anger and Kurt Cobains pop sensibility."
Filter,90,"Even if the songwriting didnt completely explore the full scope of Cobains capabilities, Bleach also represents that point in time when money was an object and the music was all that mattered, a precursor to a cultural shift that made Sub Pop a national brand."
cokemachineglow,90,"Bleach is freshened up with remastered versions of unusually heavy songs like the haunting 'Negative Creep,' where Cobain howls about alienation and being stoned, and the pounding 'Floyd the Barber,' where the main subject of the eerie track is a man being strapped down and tortured by characters from 'The Andy Griffith Show."
Paste Magazine,90,"This music has history in its chords, and it is as powerful today as it was 20 years ago. [Holiday, 2009, p.80]"
Slant Magazine,89,"Toasty as vinyl, comparable to Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab's CDs of Nevermind (1991) and In Utero (1993), firstborn Bleach reiterates its place not at the front of the line but in between its two older brawlers."
Spin,88,"Rock-stardom is not necessarily what you hear beckoning on Sub Pops 20th-anniversary reissue of Bleach, which comes with a sludgy live set taped at Portlands Pine Street Theatre in 1990. In a way, though, that only makes this program of lumpen lumberjack-metal moves more interesting."
Austin Chronicle,85,"Though briskly paced, Bleach is a front-loaded record, the maniacal/melodic contrasts of its stellar first half--anchored by the epochal anti-love song 'About a Girl'--ceding to the more period-typical grunge of its second."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Bleach showed instances of promise and a few songs went on to become some of the best they ever wrote, but in comparison, it pales to the bands later work. So take it all in stride because Bleach is surely for fanatics but certainly not for everyone."
Billboard.com,80,"Beginning with a feedback overture and ending with full-on instrument destruction, the live set is a snapshot of a menacingly feral band about to become a beast."
The A.V. Club,80,"One small quibble, though: while its great to have documentation of the bands early live sound (and in many ways the versions of the songs from Bleach are superior thanks to the sprightly energy), you dont really get a sense of the sheer ferocity and electricity Nirvana generated in a tiny, cramped college bar."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Listening to Bleach now, the main thing that comes across is how little it sounds moored to a specific time."
Uncut,80,"Bleach's grooviness is intrinsic to its enduring appeal, just as much as the cankerous layers of noise. [Dec 2009, p.128]"
Alternative Press,80,"Bleach sounds liked a valiant manifesto for something new that succeeded beyond anyone's wildest nightmare. [Dec 2009, p.112]"
NOW Magazine,70,"That Nirvana sound forceful isn't a surprise, but they also sound surprisingly tight--a little bit looser than they would sound within a year, but they're clearly marshaling their forces, gaining strength and skill."
The A.V. Club,70,"Ironically, this package was always going to be one for the completists, but those wholl actually get the most from Bleach are still the 'Nevermind' fans left feeling alienated by the gnarled triumph that was 'In Utero.'"
No Ripcord,70,"At the end of the day, Bleach is still the weakest of the bands full-length albums, but theres enough good stuff to merit a spin."
Billboard.com,50,"Bleach is a stronger record than it is commonly perceived to be, and does deserve to be checked out in some form by fans of heavy riff-driven rock. Regardless, this reissue is underwhelming, seemingly more concerned with enticing Nirvana completists to purchase it for the live material than in illuminating why Nirvanas first album was an important step in a career that has helped define rock music for the last two decades."

Under The Radar,91,"Sensitivity never felt so filthyand garage rock has rarely felt so fun."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Khan's trashy Sam Cooke and Bo Diddley impersonations are uncannier than ever, but it's Invisible Girl's ratio of 1960s tribute to 21st-century blaspheming that makes it his most immediately enjoyable work yet."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Their work together hits an irresistible sweet spot between old-school r&b and punky ramalama. [Feb 2010, p. 101]"
Pitchfork,75,"More than just revivalists, the duo plays these decades-old styles like they never went out of fashion, which makes Invisible Girl a satisfying and strange record."
Delusions of Adequacy,71,"Something you might say about even the best stuff on Invisible Girl. Khan and Sultan move between the trappings of doo-wop to skid rock so fitfully it's easy to miss that some of these tunes aren't all there lyrically."
Rolling Stone,70,"Yes, this thing is ridiculously derivative. It won't change lives or rearrange the musical landscape of nations but Kahn was never going to win any awards for originality. It may just raise some roofs and shake some foundations though."
Uncut,70,"To think about Invisible Girl too much would most certainly do it a disservice. Khan and BBQ are obviously not reinventing the wheel -- theyre just reveling in the eternal command of lock-up-your-daughters rock & roll."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Though the harder of heart might not be able to swallow the rocknretro stylings, Invisible Girl is an ice-cool, analogue-warm winner. Make like its creators and loosen up."
Q Magazine,70,"Invisible Girl is no-frills rhythm & blues and rock & roll done right, and the King Khan and BBQ Show get on the good foot with a mixture of sincerity and wailing abandon most of their contemporaries can't match."
Mojo,70,"Although it's a stylistic elephant in the room compared to Invisible Girl's other offerings, it's a welcome indication of Khan and BBQ's scope and talent, testifying to their expanding interpretation and application of garage rock's attributes."
AllMusic,67,"KK & BBQ have their yin and yang  Sultan's the timekeeper, Khan the flair  and it works in small doses"
Drowned In Sound,60,"As ever with Canadian German duo King Khan & BBQ Show, this offers little in the way of subtlety and a lot in the way of entertainment. [Dec 2009, p. 100]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The music has a peppy vitality, and a slightly cleaner sound than the Vivians, and is engagingly endearing on its own merits."
PopMatters,70,"Introducing is strong enough to qualify Brilliant Colors as one of those bands to keep an eye on."
The A.V. Club,70,"Introducing Brilliant Colors doesnt go so far as to challenge this tradition, but it throws in enough wrenches to make it an exciting addition to the catalog."
Spin,68,"It is an alluring collection that hints at greatness but halts at achieving it, instead teasing listeners for its sequel."
Mojo,60,"Brilliant Colors understand to stick to what you know, and keep it short and sweet--a couple of platitudes that serve this band well."
Paste Magazine,40,"The all-female group's full-length Slumberland bow rarely bests similar DIY bands (Miko, Vivian Girls) [Holiday 2009, p.80]"
Pitchfork,40,"In time-honoured, do-it-yourself fashion, their debut Introducing breathlessly races through 10 buzzy tracks in a shade over 23 minutes, by which time they've long since run out of puff. [Feb 2010, p. 112]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"The girls are solid musicians, and theyve structured their little songs well enough. The record is pretty short too, clocking in at 24 minutes, which is good, because I was bored already at the 15 minute mark."

Dusted Magazine,80,"As appealing as it is challenging, Extended Vacation is the sort of album that might even make those Wilco fans who can sing only 'Kingpin' believe it."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It all suggests a peculiar update of early-1960s exotica, with a heart of darkness in place of a setting sun."
AllMusic,74,"The spacious production leaves room for the sounds (cackling laughter, radio fuzz, the ever-present vibes) to be themselves, resulting in dream-like suites that are at once familiar and confusing. [Holiday 2009, p. 99]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"For now, Extended Vacation is nice enough, at times seductively lovely, but it lands short of essential."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Chances are, Extended Vacation won't rope in fans of Gray's and Kotche's respective bands Wilco and Gastr del Sol, since it's a far cry from alt-country or math rock, but those looking for something that's avant-garde but fairly easy to digest might find this minimalist mood piece strangely soothing."
Uncut,60,"Wilco drummer Glenn Kotche and Jim ORourke bassist Darin Gray needed three years to create, during breaks in their schedules, the unhurried dream-like expedition that is their fourth full-length album."
PopMatters,60,"Intricately layering a wide array of sounds, from piano to field recordings, over seven dreamlike pieces, the duo's third album is at times pacific (in every sense), at others deeply unsettling, especially when they run tapes backwards over the end of the 11-minute 'Daydreaming So Early'. [Dec 2009, p. 108]"
AllMusic,60,"A delicate affair sometimes too wistful for its own good, even with the added colour of Dede Sampaio's bird sounds, Extended Vacation is a complex exercise in delicate melodies, field recordings and repetition. [Jan 2010, p. 100]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Extended Vacation establishes itself well, creates a world both mysterious and inviting, but once youre in the world its borders show themselves, and theres little in the way of surprise."

Pitchfork,95,"Eleven tracks featuring Gift of Gab's superb rhyme writing, breath control and musical flow just don't seem like enough, but the amount of content he packs into that small space creates an energy density comparable to NOX, fueling this rocketship all the way to Mars and beyond to distant stars."
Dusted Magazine,82,"Gift Of Gab is assured and even-keeled on Escape 2 Mars--never reaching the intensity of Blackalicious' best work, or descending into the mellow lounge -scapes of '4th Dimensional Rocketships.'"
Under The Radar,80,"Themes may be revisited, but Escape 2 Mars stills comes across as fresh and meaningful and fun."
Q Magazine,80,"Everything herelike his entire songbook pretty muchis delivered with presence and vigor."
No Ripcord,80,"Its great fun, and clearly a Bay Area attempt at the big league. Like hip-hop used to sound. Praise be."
Pitchfork,80,"The MC's focus on Escape 2 Mars is mainly ecological, the music packing ample punch to underline his message. [Feb 2010, p.86]"
The New York Times,80,"Vocal harmonies, graceful pianos and psychedelic guitars keep the eco messages of Light Years and Dreamin persuasive rather than preachy, making Escape 2 Mars an impressive throwback to the 'daisy age' of early De La Soul. [Feb 2010, p. 107]"
Filter,70,"So, backed by melancholic, electronic-tinged production from Dnae Beats, Gab fashions inspired stories out of loquacious speed-raps, ruminating over humanity's foibles. It may not be transporting, but it's still impressively empathetic."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This eco-themed, sci-fi clad concept album bristles with electro-pop sounds (Light Years, the OMD-ish title track) yet retains Gab's furrowed-brow lyricism and singular approach as he forges his own space within this changing landscape. [Feb 2010, p. 105]"
AllMusic,58,"Even with Gabs phonetic prowess and all that time to prepare for launch, Escape 2 Mars doesnt reach the transcendent heights of its sublime, lushly orchestrated predecessor, ultimately feeling less like an epic interplanetary voyage and more like space camp."
NOW Magazine,50,"The hooks themselves are pretty tired throughout. That leaves the weight of each song purely on Gabs shoulders, and he responds early, but sounds fatigued as the record moves on, and laid-back groove falls into tired rut."

Uncut,80,"Craftiness, when its this imaginative, can go a long way and for Jookabox, these bizarre ideas seem to work even when they shouldnt."
Mojo,80,"Adamson mixes genres and sounds, blending and pitch-shifting, looping and deconstructing to create his most focused (though it may not sound that way on first listen) effort to date."
PopMatters,70,"I'm all for musicians not taking themselves too seriously, but with such audacious, irreverent, and yet captivating material populating the bulk of the album, it is a supreme letdown to finish on such strangely muddled notes. Still, Dead Zone Boys is worth some serious attention."
RapReviews.com,64,"The first half of Boys has all of the action, and the second side can't help but drag a bit."
Filter,60,"Albums like this pretty much ask you right away to either turn it up or throw it out, and there's no denying the polarizing nature of D.I.Y. indie rock, but Jookabox is consistently visceral, darkly funny, and wholly unpredictable enough to warrant more than a cursory spin around the neighborhood."
AllMusic,60,"The Ween/Animal Collective/early-Beck thing works on Dont Go Phantom and You Cried Me, but you have to stomach Jookaboxs tendency to chipmunkify their voices. Still, both tracks are enjoyably balanced."
Urb,60,"The record provides songs as unpredictable as the one proceeding it, incorporating multi-layered doses of percussion, fat synths, and ritualistic chanting that sounds as if it was yelped by Animal Collectives evil step-sister."

Clash Music,90,"Though theres a paucity of joy to be found among proceedings, other aspects of You Are The One I Pick (even the titles a barbed double entendre!) actively compensate."
Uncut,80,"There's something quietly but persistently unique about the duo's work that suggests its own realm, quirky and wry but not simply a showcase for lyrical wit, gently swinging and twangy without losing a sense of calm hush."
Q Magazine,80,"All in all, You Are the One I Pick is a compelling and enjoyable listen which, at 35 minutes in length, is smart not to overstay its welcome."
Spin,76,"Felixs uses the second-person address and the confusion it--as well as conventional instrumentation played in freer forms within more confined song structures--creates to produce an engaging, if harder to parse, take on something similar."
Mojo,71,"Virtually every track on You Are the One I Pick showcases Felix's remarkable instinct for knowing when to ramp up their instrumentation and when to hold back. Yet when an album is this carefully arranged, there are also moments when all the fingerprints on a given track become distracting."
Paste Magazine,20,"Built off of two piano chords or a single guitar riff, Felix'a music is as ho-hum as their vocals, and without diversity in the songs' chord structure, the album blurs together until what's left is a coffee-table coaster. [Dec 2009, p.113]"

PopMatters,90,"Strict Joy is a joy from start to finish, as few bands manage to mix intimacy and sweeping songcraft with such finesse."
Delusions of Adequacy,88,"Producer Peter Katis (who has worked with The National and Interpol) ornaments the duos foundation--Hansards battered acoustic guitar, Irglovas piano, co-ed harmonies--with nuanced orchestration and a spacious mix that flatters the singers interplay."
musicOMH.com,82,"Strict Joy maintains the relatability and sincerity that made the soundtrack to 'Once' so compellin"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Heartache swells from these swooning folk-pop tunes, but the presence of both of the relationship's combatants ensures that they never drown in it."
Pitchfork,80,"The emotional tension between his folksier-Damien Rice brogue and her crystal-clear lilt, especially on 'The Verb,' keeps the listener enamoured, even if the singers no longer are. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
AllMusic,75,"When Hansard and Irglova keep the arrangements simple, its easier to hear who they are."
NOW Magazine,75,"Occasionally, all that lamenting gets nap-inducing. Luckily, Hansard saves some rage for 'Feeling the Pull,' which suggests the best love songs come from those who don't believe in them anymore."
PopMatters,70,"On Strict Joy, the duo deliver with their most dynamic set yet, with hot Irish soul segueing into energetic folk rock and dream-pop-touched balladry."
Drowned In Sound,70,"These songs arent breaking any new ground, but theyre well written and enjoyable, and the background makes them sort of fascinating, too."
AllMusic,65,"The tracks don't sound forced or awkward as they follow well-trod lyrical roads littered with wounded 'you's and 'I's, they sound honest, and an honest love song as always is hard to resist."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Strict Joy ultimately feels like a great breakup album without the aftermath of an actual breakup. [Fall 2009, p.60]"

cokemachineglow,91,"Its another inside-out move for Tegan & Sara; theyve pulled apart self-doubt and found the self-regard that lines it."
Pitchfork,90,"Sainthood was produced by Death Cab For Cutie's Chris Walla and Howard Reddekopp, allowing the album to take on aspects of both its predecessors while still feeling new, and per usual with this duo, impressively skillful. [Dec 2009, p.114]"
Alternative Press,83,"Tegan and Sara imagine love as a form of religion, complete with its own saints, sinners, and special netherworld VIP lounge reserved just for exes. It's a weighty idea, but any self-seriousness is saved by songs like the pulsing-synth herky-jerk 'Arrow.' [30 Oct 2009, p.57]"
AllMusic,80,"This is a set of power pop with hooky choruses and chiming harmonies to go along with splashes of synths mixed in for throwback '80s flavor (especially 'Red Belt'). It makes for a 40-minute blast of smart songcraft."
Chicago Tribune,80,"The irreverent, snide wit and easy self-deprecation prove to be an effective, if surprising, fit for Tegan and Sara's brand of genial indie-pop, elevating Sainthood beyond mere snappy diversion."
Billboard.com,80,"Tegan and Sara's music may no longer be the stuff of teens, but its strength remains in how much it feels like two people talking."
Spin,80,"Canadian sisters examine love's deceitful ways."
Alternative Press,80,"This is the most radio-friendly theyve ever sounded, and as a result theres less of that sense of fragile intimacy. Thats not necessarily such a bad thing, especially when its replaced by an addictive burning urgency, as it is here."
The A.V. Club,80,"Not many bands can maintain their core sound while changing enough to stay new, but Tegan and Sara have done just that. [Holiday 2009, p.79]"
Entertainment Weekly,78,"The arrangements are consistently dynamic and clear, but Tegan & Saras wordy vocals steal the show."
Rolling Stone,75,"Their sixth record reminds me quite a bit of that Metric album that came out last spring. You could put this reaction down to Sainthoods understated, idiosyncratic electronic elements, or to the whole Canadian elevated-indie-pop thing."
PopMatters,73,"The album's infectious, but with enough edge to temper its undeniable desire to connect."
Pitchfork,70,"It's the contrast between their writing styles and voices, slight as they may be, that works to make Sainthood another rich and rewarding album."
Under The Radar,70,"Here, the girls just wanna have fun: With squawking synths, clipped vocals and head-snapping New Wave drums, their latest is an Eighties dance party."
The A.V. Club,60,"Overall, Sainthood is heavier than previous efforts, both lyrically and musically, and old fans will probably appreciate what this pair has accomplished together. However, for a new listener, the album might come off as a somewhat hard swallow; the songs are often too produced, and may even lack some honest musicality at their core."
Alternative Press,60,"Whether If It Was You or So Jealous serve as your touchstone for what this group should be, Sainthood is unlikely to leave you one hundred per cent satisfied. Which is good--in their own way Tegan and Sara are mavericks; thats what always saves them in the end."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Sometimes it's grating - 'The Ocean'  could be a Belinda Carlisle album track - but the supremely catchy likes of first single 'Hell' deserves daytime radio ubiquity. [Jan 2010, p. 131]"

Boston Globe,91,"Though it isnt a concept album, Live At The Olympia does tell a story about the remarkable staying power of one of the best rock bands of the past 30 years."
Slant Magazine,80,"In 39 tracks over two CDs, the punk-fuelled folk-rock group that had ruled the 80s along with U2 magically reappears."
Spin,80,"Live At The Olympia more than stands up as a vital, vibrant document in its own right. [Dec 2009, p.118]"
Hot Press,80,"A tighter, cleaner band than the scruffy renegades of the '80s, but still the same band, which is evident here in ways it never was on the perfectly fine R.E.M. Live. That was a production. This is rock & roll."
NOW Magazine,80,"Its a bold, enchanting and captivating record that is of genuine interest to hear, as opposed to a long drawn out chore, which an album like this it could have so easily been."
Under The Radar,74,"The notion of a 2xCD set of rehearsal recordings smacks of unnecessary indulgence, but whether you take this as an alternative canon of R.E.M. music or a document of a band working hard to find its future by revisiting its past, the album is successful in providing a new perspective on a classic group desperately in need of a new narrative thread."
Paste Magazine,71,"While the recording and performance are at times a little ragged in voice and tone, the bands earlier semi-punk instincts ring through and its taste remains impeccable."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Given the quality of the performances and the depth of the song selection, Olympia is not simply a for-fans-only vanity project or an excuse to revisit an album that's just over a year old, but it stands as an essential addition to R.E.M.'s catalogue."
Pitchfork,60,"The stitching is tighter now, and drummer Bill Rieflin often holds things together too neatly. But when songs fray--see 'Harborcoat'-- it's the sound of imperfection perfected."
AllMusic,60,"The band sounds like its trying to rejuvenate itself, thus injecting the release with a certain energy and vitality that 'R.E.M. Live' lacked."
Rolling Stone,40,"Clearly the thrill of hearing new songs in their embryonic state could never be replicated, but as rendered in such pristine isolation even the cavalier back catalogue selections (rarely played early classic 1,000,000;one-that-got-away Romance) fell flat. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"

PopMatters,100,"Hubble bubble! From weird sources and high ideals comes a spooky, sensual piece of pop sorcery. And it's bewitching. [Dec 2009, p. 91]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Not so much a soundtrack to a film that was never made as it is music that demands images to accompany it, this is a welcome return after the four years of silence that followed Tender Buttons."
Uncut,80,"Broadcast and House have fashioned an artefact that could well work similar magic on future generations of wide-eyed sonic archaeologists."
The A.V. Club,80,"In combining antiquated influences with their own postmodern sensibilities, Broadcast and the Focus Group have together created an evocative and imaginative work that is in many ways more challenging and rewarding than the formers own proper albums."
Uncut,80,"Theres a good degree of concrte and textural sound in his largely pastiche songs, which makes listening like walking blind through a world whose architecturally specific look is even more vivid in ones mind."
Q Magazine,80,"Rather than attempt to recruit other players and resume business as usual, Broadcast subsumes Houses spectral compositions within a framework that suits every one of the duos strengths. If theres anything scary about this at all, its the ease with which theyve made the corpse of pop songcraft climb from its grave and walk anew."
AllMusic,72,"Witch Cults is like the sound of Broadcast and the Focus Group trying to cast their spells at the same time: Some of the record is great, plenty of it is cross-chatter."
No Ripcord,70,"It is a gorgeous record, and a nightmarish one at that. [Holiday 2009, p.78]"
Pitchfork,56,"If anything, this is an effective teaser for a new Broadcast album, since many of the tracks here could easily be part of great Broadcast songs, but in this form, they arent, and its clear that we both know that."
Paste Magazine,50,"At 23 songs, the UK electro duo's fourth full-length has a lot of room for experimentation, but it comes off more like the soundtrack for a 1960s Hammer film."

Slant Magazine,80,"While Midnight Soul Serenade may not be the best Heavy Trash album (their debut takes that honor), it's still some of the best rock & roll around. Anywhere, anytime."
Rolling Stone,80,"There's barely a duff track here, from the talking gothic blues of 'The Pill' and the slinky Monks-esque strut of 'Isolation'. Top marks, though, go the pulpit croon of '(Sometimes You Got To Be) Gentle'. [Dec 2009, p. 97]"
NOW Magazine,70,"The music is vastly entertaining, devilish, solder trickles of white-hot intensity running through cracks in its nailed-down facade."
Mojo,70,"Heavy Trash never get too heavy on Midnight Soul Serenade. It might be Spencer's lightest and breeziest album to date, a testimony to his stick-to-it-iveness despite the advancing years and changing trends."
Uncut,70,"The duo does tweak their established formula, here and there, with varying results."
AllMusic,61,"Heavy Trash deftly restores and reinvigorates the primitive era of rock and blues on its third LP, offering tinny, gritty and gnarled throwback production that pays tribute to the golden days of greasers."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The album is loaded with plenty of sonic winks and nods for record collector types. [Nov 2009, p.94]"

Dusted Magazine,91,"The debut from Britain's much-fussed-over Florence + the Machine finally hits the States, and Lungs proves they're worth the adoration."
PopMatters,91,"Florence Welch has a penchant for dramatics. But what would be a dubious distinction for most twentysomethings becomes an advantage when paired with Welch's otherworldly vocals and a trio of top-tier British producers who elevate her Mercury Prize-nominated debut album, Lungs, to something that manages to be grandiose, relatable, and incessantly catchy all at the same time."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Because those pipes are big enough to shake the rain from the trees and, with an eclectic balance of genres leaning heavily towards folk and soul, she's got enough support to make her seem powerful rather than overbearing."
Pitchfork,80,"Lungs showcases Florence's dramatic voice as an instrument that the other instruments follow, from the urgent, rhythmic drums on 'Drumming Song' to the fluid harp runs on 'Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up).'"
Under The Radar,80,"As it is, they're more than quite good, and all the better for the tracks that surround them."
cokemachineglow,80,"It's a bold, inventive record that bristles with energy and passion."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Sometimes the rough edges have been over-smoothed: there are all kinds of strange, cheap synthesised noises buried under the layers of polish that I'd like to hear more clearly. But this is a minor gripe, for despite its dark heart, there's a real joy about this debut."
AllMusic,80,"Lungs is one of the most exciting, compelling, fearless and ultimately promising debuts of the year."
Uncut,80,"Freed from her irritating live persona, moments here justify the hype."
Dusted Magazine,80,"There's a lot going on, but Welch never confuses breadth with depth. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Pitchfork,80,"Lung's song peaks and valleys can occasionally be tiring. But when taken as an insight into the artist, it's nothing short of brillianrt. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
PopMatters,80,"While the comparisons were apt at the time, 'Kiss with a Fist' turned out to be a red herring in the wake of the release of Lungs, one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009."
Paste Magazine,80,"From the way she sings, in big gulps and Teen Wolf growls, to the mystical art-rock ballads she bedazzles with sleigh bells, harps, and choirs, there's enough drama here for a Broadway musical. But her delivery is so raw that every mess feels genuine."
Mojo,80,"Florence's music is particularly sensitive to studio gloss; her singing is a fine balance between elegance and frenzy."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Even though damn near every third song sounds designed to sell overpriced sweaters at the Gap, the nectar at the heart of this album is worth the roughage you have to chew through to get there."
The A.V. Club,72,"Lungs is a cloud-headed introduction to Welch's world, where It Girl hype, coffins, violence, and ambition combust on impact; it's a platinum-shellacked demo reel drunk on its own hi-fi-ness."
PopMatters,70,"If Lungs fails to make as much impact as those other debuts, it may be because Welch puts a little too much emphasis on singer and not enough on songwriter."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The best bits feel like being chased through a moonless night by a sexy moor witch."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It may be breathtaking in places, but Flossie's Lungs are just a bit too full of bluster."
musicOMH.com,60,"This is a brave, bold, inevitably flawed record from the kind of talent we should be esctastically happy to have around. [Aug 2009, p.92]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Too often a limited voice and over-egged arrangements strain to little effect. [Aug 2009, p.94]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"These songs probably sound otherworldly when played live, but the over-laden stylization actually fills Lungs with unnecessary fat."

The Guardian,80,"Her jazzy instincts and surreal lyrics perfectly offset the music's mosaic minimalism. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Q Magazine,80,"There's no way around the fact that most of Machine Dreams is icy electro-pop, but it is not as if the truly singular Yukimi Nagano, an enamoring vocalist, has switched to drone mode, forsaking her grounding in R&B."
Under The Radar,77,"The album falters slightly when the music becomes more abstract and inscrutable, but on the whole it is not difficult to relate to Nagano or slip into the mood created by her bandmates."
AllMusic,70,"Overall, Machine Dreams is bristling with invention and teeming with variety, a fantasy world you won't wish to quickly wake from."
Spin,70,"This is electronic pop music done right, free from hipster trimmings or overly vulnerable declarations of self-discovery, and a sure sign that Little Dragon have all the strength and memorability of a lucid dream."
Slant Magazine,70,"With nods to synth pop, electro, and funk, Sweden's Little Dragon fill their second album with bleeping keyboards and jazzy arpeggios, recalling both Howard Jones and Saint Etienne. But what sets Machine Dreams apart is frontwoman Yukimi Nagano's alternately yelping and cooing voice."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Machine Dreams is an exercise in scoping out the frontiers of avant-garde electronic pop not seen since the early 80s."
Pitchfork,63,"Of course, there are neat textures and chilled-out sounds. But by the end of the record, you have only a few tunes or hooks to serve as a souvenir of the 44-minute journey you've just taken."
Dot Music,60,"Tracks like My Step, Feather and Blinking Pigs have that unique ability to transcend seasonal musical folly, there's nothing 'now' or 'then' about them - you can listen to them any time, anywhere, any weather and still be pretty pleased."
Rolling Stone,60,"Although nothing matches the sexy Prince-funk pastiche 'Test' that Yukimi Nagano and co delivered on their self-titled 2007 debut, there is more depth and variety on their secpnd album. [Oct 2009, p.101]"

New Musical Express (NME),90,"While CrownsDown is a damn fine album that comes off as a more mature, refined rendition of Them, only time will tell if Themselves have created their own classic. Still, it should silence the cynics."
Mojo,80,"As ever with Themselves, there arent really highlights or many changes of pace  its full-on, all the time; you dont get skits between songs, just a second, third or fourth gabbling vocal line within these ten, unconventionally concise songs."
Uncut,70,"CrownsDown certainly achieves its obvious intent, its impeccable production, and untouchable vocal dexterity, firmly reestablishing the group as a definite talent."
No Ripcord,70,"The resultant album is free of the over compensating braggadocio and tired memes of ring-tone rap culture. [Fall 2009, p.75]"
Mojo,67,"I prefer the more minimal style of Them, which was sharply critical--and deeply personal--without being hectoring or bombastic. But listeners who enjoy picking apart seam-bursting sonic worlds will find plenty to explore here."
AllMusic,60,"Sometimes brillliant, but often baffling. [Nov 2009, p.107]"
Pitchfork,50,"Doseones rapping is thicketed to the point of impenetrability; whatever he wishes to convey gets lost in his internal rhymes."

Dot Music,80,"This is the most compelling recording Youngs has cut since 2004's 'River Through Howling Sky,' though it doesn't resemble it a bit, and is, in its way, considerably more beautiful, unquestionably more accessible, and equally as magical."
PopMatters,80,"This, likewise, isn't for every occasion--and perhaps not for everyone--but for those who do chance it, an immensely rewarding work that feels like much more than music."
Spin,80,"He's a minimalist/multi-instrumentalist who manages to find warmth in what could otherwise be sparse and unforgiving--note the breathtaking pauses between chords in 'arise Arise' or the unremitting lilt of 'All Day Monday And Tuesday.' [Nov 2009, p.117]"
PopMatters,77,"Under Stellar Stream is filled with such fertile repetition."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"If you acquiesce to its pacing and delivery its chantlike mix of chill and warmth can be a springboard to your own thoughts. If youre not so inclined, I imagine that it would be like a Chinese water torture."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Under Stellar Stream does one thing exceptionally beautifully, with great consistency and intelligence (but not intellectualism), rolling out an unending thread of song."
Uncut,70,"Cushioned by minimalistic, often barely audible melodies, Youngs overt lyrical clichs transform into meditative hymns to the repetitiveness of habit and daily life so much so that when Youngs sings, My mind is wandering / My mind is changing on My Mind Is in Garlands over just a few plunked organ chords and an oscillating celestial drone for the third or fourth time, its tough not to feel the albums hypnotic tug on reality."
Urb,40,"Across six songs of minimalist repetition, the day-to-day of this 42-year-old librarian becomes meditative rondeaus, epic folk incrementals that make eerie nourishment for the wee hours. [Nov 2009, p.101]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"This band may take their time between releases now, but they get exponentially more sophisticated and adventurous, not only in their composed material, but in their approach to making records. This is just stellar top to bottom."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Espers' folk apocalypse is very now--and very welcome. [Dec 2009, p.112]"
Under The Radar,80,"All the elements of Espers' sound come together more seamlessly than ever before here."
Pitchfork,80,"Third time's still a charm with Philadelphian prog-folk contingent."
Q Magazine,80,"Espers III is brilliantly atmospheric, more chilling than chilled but also, frequently, very beautiful. [Dec 2009. p. 94]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Greg Weeks and band reference artists as diverse as Michael Rother ('Caroline'), Cowboy Junkies, and 'No Quarter' - era Zeppelin, but the classicism of their compositions keeps all this firmly in the service of the song. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
AllMusic,70,"As it is, Espers have moved towards new territory, stumbling occasionally, but with a clear eye on where theyve come from."
Drowned In Sound,61,"The songs on III seem to want to be simple folk songs. And unlike on previous albums, the players aren't always pushing each other higher into new celestial realms. Sometimes, they're just getting in each other's way."
Uncut,60,"Although it does falter at times with a seeming complacency ('Meridian,' 'Colony'), it is mostly characterized by a quiet ambition. Its gutsy and its gutsiness pays off."
Pitchfork,40,"The album clearly fails to find the equilibrium or comfortable midway point between Esperss debut and II that it seems to be seeking, nor does it make a strong case that such equilibrium is even desirable. At best, its a strong set of tracks that ultimately lack the cumulative force of those of the bands previous two full-lengths."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Even at just six songs, theyre each powerfully presented and Perkins is better for it, in astonishingly marvelous fashion."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Perkins has always carried the torch of vintage Americana, and he covers all his bases here."
PopMatters,70,"The folk-country songs fill a much larger space than their separate parts suggest.  These are the songs that are the essence of rock n roll."
Under The Radar,70,"Doomsday is brutally emotional, but Perkins' band adds a sense of defiance, making it safe for closing time."
AllMusic,69,"With the exception of the lone cover in 'Gypsy Davy', Perkins has assembled a small sampling of songs here all with their own very healthy set of bones."

Q Magazine,100,"Think of New Moon as a sort of survey course in new-now-next rock: a mixtape with teeth."
Prefix Magazine,85,"Grizzly Bear contributes a typically gorgeous psych-folk incantation called 'Slow Life' (with guest vocals from Beach House's Victoria Legrand), and Bon Iver's Justin Vernon duets with St. Vincent on 'Roslyn,' which could warm even a vampire's heart."
Hot Press,80,"Despite a few upbeat moments that stick out like a thumb that isn't sore, songs like Grizzly Bear and Victoria Legrand's 'Slow Life,' Editors' 'No Sound But the Wind,' and Bon Iver and St. Vincent's lovely, truly odd 'Roslyn' are morose enough for die-hard Twilight fans and stylish enough to please the most discerning music snobs."
Mojo,80,"When a soundtrack works this well, with each track slotting naturally into a strongly cohesive body of work, you begin to wonder about the clamour that is sure to come from bands and singer songwriters to put their work forward towards featuring on the next film's soundtrack."
Uncut,80,"The Twilight Saga: New Moon Soundtrack is an excellent album of cool songs featuring some of todays celebrated indie artists."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Invariably the guitars are played in a low, urgent growl, uniting many of the songs with a dissatisfied drone."
Pitchfork,70,"The music on New Moon lives up to the story because it captures the day-to-day bleakness, along with the sexual obsessions seething under the surface."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"As an album, the moments of intelligent beauty arent quite obscured by the gloom-by-numbers and, considering how rabidly commercial this really is, thats something of a little victory."
Dusted Magazine,60,"While Sea Wolf and Ok Go offer up a bit too much middle-of-the-road perk for the soundtrack's downcast tone, relative newcomers Band of Skulls capture a riotous youthful energy."
Delusions of Adequacy,54,"The New Moon OST has all the touchstones of what is considered, by many who consider themselves cognoscenti, 'good' music-- from Yorke to Grizzly Bear to the more populist Death Cab, Killers, and Muse--but it uses its tastefulness to solidify the borders of what is acceptable, not to broaden them."
AllMusic,50,"The disappointing thing about New Moon is that it could have been better."
PopMatters,50,"Much of the rest is mid-level and middle-brow, from respected artists who have done better work elsewhere."

Rolling Stone,100,"Ten years after their last masterpiece, The Flaming Lips have finally produced another one."
Pitchfork,100,"This is accessible music pushed to the very edge of accessibility, far away from the safety of the band's song-oriented efforts 'At War with the Mystics' and 'Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.'"
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Although I gather there's a concept here, knowing what it is might ruin the gently wigged-out dystopianism the lyrics cozy up to. More important, it might undercut the otherwise irreducible pleasures of their exploding guitars, unworldly synths, and crazy drums."
Billboard.com,91,"Embryonic presents a band discovering that the far edge of an idea is often more compelling than its core."
AllMusic,90,"We can only hope that, as we enter the 2010s, Embryonic portends yet another new phase for the Flaming Lips--one that's equally as improbable and rewarding as the ones that have preceded it."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Embryonic is an album full of little revolutions--a trippier, noisier, more experimental journey than the Flaming Lips have taken in forever. [Dec 2009, p.116]"
Delusions of Adequacy,89,"Embryonic gestates the Lips to a new phase, turning eerily inward to finally face the flipside of their frantic catharsis."
The New York Times,88,"It's a wonderfully weird parade of sonic delights: an arresting consummation of the Lips' two-and-a-half decade career."
Rolling Stone,88,"Embryonic works so staggeringly well because it's so unafraid to place itself in the lineage of unapologetically over-the-top rock album."
New Musical Express (NME),86,"Surprise and relief are the words that best describe an initial reaction to Embryonic. [Fall 2009, p.90]"
Under The Radar,82,"The act should be credited for not hewing to the tried-and-true formula it pretty much invented with previous releases but many of the double-disc's 18 tracks feel like they are embryonic rather than fully formed."
Pitchfork,80,"Little about Embryonic is clear-cut or straightforward -- these noisy, pensive, sometimes meandering songs take awhile to decipher and often feel like they're still in the process of becoming. These very qualities, however, make these songs some of the Flaming Lips most haunting and intriguing music in some time."
Alternative Press,80,"Embryonic is not as strange as 'Zaireeka,'' the Lips' play-four-CDs-at-the-same-time experiment, but it's up there. On the other hand, Embryonic is completely absorbing. It grows on you in a way that the earlier records simply cannot do."
Chicago Tribune,80,"What The Flaming Lips have accomplished with Embryonic is impossible to ignore: an ambitious double album in an age where the single is making a comeback, a collection of music that makes a 25-year-old band sound vital and new."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's quite brilliant, the one thing we have come to expect from this band."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Embryonic is a true 21st century freak-out and it's only appropriate to end this decade with such an ambitious, intrepid undertaking."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"To write it off too early would be criminal, as Embryonic represents The Flaming Lips at their most awkward, most engaging, and most creative."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's themes may be familiar, but its fine, dazzlingly outlandish music is fresh and utterly fearless. [Nov 2009, p.88]"
Pitchfork,80,"Along with this requisite silliness come beautiful melodies (See The Leaves), exploding rock-out sections (The Ego's Last Stand) and catchy, laid-back guitar melodies (Silver Trembling Hands)."
Alternative Press,80,"Embryonic is certainly as exciting as anything produced by the psych rock underground this year. [Nov 2009, p.78]"
Austin Chronicle,75,"Equal parts overwhelming and intoxicating, Embryonic is a trip worth taking."
Paste Magazine,75,"A certain amount of reassurance in the power of The Flaming Lips comes with each of the band's album releases, and this one is no different."
cokemachineglow,70,"Sporadically brilliant, occasionally tedious, and always challenging, it's proof that the Fearless Freaks are back."
Filter,70,"Embryonic finds these wild-eyed Okies sounding even more adventurous and less eager to please than at any time since 1997's four-CD experimental sonic goof, 'Zaireeka.'"
Billboard.com,70,"At 18 tracks and well over an hour running time, it is everything you have come to expect from The Flaming Lips. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
AllMusic,70,"What it really all boils down to is your tolerance for lengthy psyche records, which is what Embyonic undoubtedly is."
Boston Globe,70,"While Embryonic shares with Brew many of the spontaneous bursts of chaos that made that album such a jarring listen, you can rest assured that this beautiful mess was--thanks to Coyne and his admitted control issues--a very calculated affair."
Tiny Mix Tapes,63,"At 18 tracks, though, Embryonic includes an awful lot of filler, much of it of the meandering-soundscape variety. That stuff isn't depressing--it's just boring."
Dot Music,60,"Embryonic is certainly not without charm, but its title gives the game away. Largely, it's the sound of a band seeking inspiration rather than finding it."
No Ripcord,60,"For all its flaws and failings, for all that you may never feel like listening to it again, it's hard not to be perversely glad Embryonic exists."
musicOMH.com,60,"The Lips have always been able to subvert pie-eyed whimsy with a sense of homespun beauty, and there's plenty of that here too."
Mojo,50,"Embryonic, then, sounds like an over-correction to that trend, pushing the Lips's sound back into more experimental territory."
NOW Magazine,40,"Embryonic has a cloudy feel, full of hulking, malformed basslines, distorted drums, and melodies that circle without ever ascending. [Nov 2009, p.102]"

Uncut,77,"Bennington and his Dead by Sunrise bandmates (who hail from the electronic rock band Julien-K) also display a deft touch with atmospherics and textures on tracks like 'Too Late,' 'Give Me Your Name' and the goth-tinged 'Let Down,' among others"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"As a whole, Out of Ashes is a solid record and a fine opening volley for Bennington's solo work."
Prefix Magazine,50,"The album is oddly inert, lacking both the brute force and big choruses that raised Linkin Park to rap-rock godhead status."
PopMatters,50,"Mr. Bennington strives to sound sympathetic, but after a song or two its clear that his only sympathy is for himself; theres no humility, much less humor or proportion. As real as his prolonged adolescent angst is supposed to be, it quickly curdles into narcissism."
Spin,50,"As a rock star side project, though, Dead by Sunrise has an unlikely fault--it's not nearly indulgent enough."

Under The Radar,90,"Blue Record truly depicts a band at the peak of their powers. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"This is a ferocious album that's not afraid to be genuinely beautiful. One of the best hard rock releases of 2009."
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"Complex enough to reward repetitive listening and compact enough to encourage it, Blue Record is one of the year's most generous hours."
Los Angeles Times,84,"Blue Record is, in sound and spirit, satisfying metal painted with broad strokes and big gestures."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"I wouldnt be surprised if theres an overarching concept. It doesnt matter one way or another. Its a gallop from start to finish. Blue Record is going to be hard to top."
The Guardian,80,"Baroness simply lets the songs do their thing, never beating us over the head, never pandering, and in so doing, theyve created a surprisingly adventurous album, further establishing their position as one of the finest, not to mention likeable bands in America these days."
Rolling Stone,80,"Baroness's second full-length somehow tops their powerhouse debut for riffs, songwriting and cohesiveness. [Feb 2010, p. 101]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Here, as on Red Album, they keep finding new ways to make old Black Sabbath tricks seem fresh."

Q Magazine,60,"Har Mar Superstar's never been known for solid full-lengths. He's a song-based artist, and Dark Touches features some of his best singles."
Billboard.com,60,"Although this album is an improvement from his previous work, to fully understand this album (and his work overall), you must see him live."
AllMusic,60,"Fluff, maybe, but very entertaining fluff. [Dec 2009, p. 115]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Dark Touches has its catchy moments, but sticking a song in the listener's head is not the same thing as creating important music. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
The New York Times,40,"Even a nice take-off of moody Pharrell-style R&B, 'Gangsters Want To Cuddle Me', and a rap by Adam Green can't save Dark Touches from being fairly irritating. [Nov 2009, p. 88]"
Los Angeles Times,20,"Yeah, its his shtick, and you could laugh with him if the music was in any way exciting. Unfortunately, however, Dark Touches filth-funk fury is made impotent by sheer lack of hooks."

Alternative Press,80,"It seems weird--if delightful-that the folk polka of 'To A hammer' and the Eels-like electronic of '(Put The Fun Back In The Funeral)' could come from one career, never mind one album: a creative blessing, if a commercial curse. [Dec 2009, p.103]"
AllMusic,80,"The best record of her life by some distance. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"
Pitchfork,75,"Hundreds of Lions marks her return to original material, but its clear that the time she spent doing songs by yesterdays greats inspired her: this is her smartest, slyest set yet, with shapelier melodies, wittier wordplay, and more-adventurous arrangements."
cokemachineglow,70,"McKeown's in fine voice throughout and the backing players add subtle polish to her finely constructed tunes. Her fluid vocals remain the centerpiece of the album, while her lyrics reveal the heart of a poet and the wisdom of a soul wise beyond her years."
Dusted Magazine,70,"While the lush instrumentation on openers to a Hammer and santa cruz is bright and pleasant, and the playful rockabilly number the Rascal is a foot-stomping good time, Hundreds of Lions truly shines as it begins to slow down."
PopMatters,70,"Hundreds of Lionsis a feel-good album, and there are plenty of standout tracks that will be played time and againSanta Cruz and The Lions are only two of them. This is a fine album with which to introduce McKeown to new fans who will surely be surprised how fun and how fancy folk can be."

Mojo,80,"The music is taut, the vocals, if anything, under-emoted, and the overall feeling is that of a muse rediscovered. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It might be the best album Jim Kerr and Charlie Burchill have put together since 1984's 'Sparkle In The Rain.' [Jun 2009, p.131]"
AllMusic,50,"To be fair, this is easily the best thing theyve done since the mid-80s and Rockets and Moscow Underground have some of that epic post-punk/new-wave disco spirit of yore, but its still not enough."
Urb,50,"The commercial success is a victory Simple Minds and its hardcore fans must be savoring. For everyone else, its a pretty hollow one."
Q Magazine,40,"Deft guitar lines from Charlie Burgess never quite paper over the cracks in numbers that would have been consigned to b-sides in the band's heyday. [Jun 2009, p.101]"

Alternative Press,80,"Goodnight Unknown is another understated treasure from the prince of the perpetually bruised heart."
Uncut,80,"Emotional ambiguity never sounded so good. Business as usual then."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As it stands, Barlow has only evolved in his mastery of subtle acoustic guitar interplay and flirtations with pop. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Uncut,79,"Goodnight Unknown is layered with subtle distortion and commanding percussion, combined with Barlow's confident, sometimes contemplative vocals."
Q Magazine,73,"Goodnight Unknown feels comfortable and, to a point, casual, too, but it bears the kind of exploratory vigor that 'Emoh' lacked."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Lou Barlow is still the poet laureate of hiss and heartbreak, and although the hiss is missing on Goodnight Unknown, that's the only defining quality he's lost with the passage of time."
AllMusic,70,"This is simply a collection of well-crafted songs, honestly and simply arranged and delivered, and as such very much worth a listen."
Paste Magazine,70,"Longtime fans will be enchanted by such quips and the naked introspection offered by Goodnight Unknown, and while not at all challenging, casual listeners will enjoy it simply for its strong collection of pop songs."
PopMatters,67,"Barlow fans should be happy with the way Goodnight Unknown sounds, but they should also recognize that its songs arent as memorable as Barlows best."
Mojo,65,"The songs on Goodnight Unknown are well crafted and its clear that Barlow still has quite a bit of passion for making music, but the spark of genuine creativity is not there."
Q Magazine,60,"All 14 tracks come together to make the most consistent collection from Barlow in a long time, or even ever. It might lack the schizophrenic whims of the best Sebadoh records, and he may go for consistency here over any clear-cut standouts, but theres something to be said for a record that glides along this well."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Barlow's content in his own skin now, and he captures this stability with grace and poignancy throughout Goodnight Unknown. [Fall 2009, p.56]"
PopMatters,60,"This eclectic follow-up finds him embracing the diversity that made Sebadoh so exciting in the '90s.[ Nov 2009, p.101]"
Uncut,60,"There's a kernal of quality to Goodnight Unknown that renders Barlow's obsessive self-absorption palatable. [Nov 2009, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"But though folky numbers like 'I'm Thinking' are obviously heartfelt, there's sadly little on Goodnight Unknown that matches the glory of Barlow's best work. [Nov 2009, p.81]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"Somewhere Gone is a different animal from Cervenka's acoustic music of the late '80s and early '90s, at once simpler, riskier, and more confident, and it captures one of the great wild talents of her generation in strong and impressive form, still unafraid to take her talent in new directions after more than a quarter-century of blazing trails."
Alternative Press,80,"Unlike her previous solo release, it's all music, no spoken word (her other job is poet), though the lyrics are often good enough to make you sit up. [Dec 2009, p. 101]"
Billboard.com,80,"Disarmingly playful, deceptively gripping, its songs at first seem wayward, erratic, but soon enough reveal their own internal title song. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
Pitchfork,70,"Like the loss of a loved one, Somewhere Gone inspires fond memories of the good times while acknowledging that the world is full of less-than-good times, too."
AllMusic,60,"Cervenka edits herself well on much the album, making Somewhere Gone a promising start to a new direction in her already storied career."
musicOMH.com,50,"The bulk of Somewhere Gone brings to mind a bummed out, burned out Neko Case. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"The writing still can be vividly evocative, but the uninspired, folky arrangements make her words too easy to ignore."

The A.V. Club,90,"The production is thick but elegant, applied with full knowledge that the songs could exist beautifully in a sparse acoustic-strummed daze, but that they deserve more than that."
Prefix Magazine,83,"Carlile's third album, a polished collection of confessional rockers and twangy love songs, should help keep her momentum going. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"
PopMatters,80,"Carlile still prefers sobriety to levity but it never feels affected; it's music that gets under your skin and cuts to the bone."
Under The Radar,75,"Give Up the Ghost is another rich offering from this distinctive female talent."
Q Magazine,70,"Give Up the Ghost is evidence that not only is she one of the best singers in modern folk-rock music, but that she can write a potent set of songs every time out."
Mojo,70,"It's her dynamic performances and some inspired collaborators who understand her strengths--in addition to Rubin, Elton John livens up 'Caroline' with some rollicking, ragtime-y piano licks--that make Carlile's Ghost a worthwhile effort."

Uncut,80,"A welcome snapshot, for it is that, of the Brakes live experience, in which there is absolutely no padding, total passion and commitment, and the odd wistful aside away from the bluster."
AllMusic,70,"Pick Up The Phone and Hi How Are You are amusing bursts of irritation, but I Cant Stand To Stand Beside You and Whats In It For Me stand out, lost classics that could have snuck on to The Whos Live At Leeds (well, almost)."
Mojo,70,"The already apparent holes in some of the Brakes' tunes, which at their worst can seem little more than a stutter from Hamilton and a steady scrape from the band, do pop up occasionally; then again, they rarely overstay their welcome, as Dodelijk sneaks 20 tunes into just shy of 45 minutes, and in a way even help the good stuff kick harder in contrast."
Uncut,70,"While a couple of the quieter standout tracks on 'Touchdown' are sorely missing, and might have made for a bit of welcome balance here, you cant argue with the fiery approach of Brakes live act evident on this document."

PopMatters,100,"Crash is easily A.F.I.'s best since 2003's 'Sing the Sorrow,' and the cheeky pop-punk chorus of 'Too Shy To Scream' is their first successful decree to boogie the night away."
Slant Magazine,90,"In no uncertain terms, Crash Love is an accomplishment that raises the bar for them as musicians and writers."
Alternative Press,88,"The music of AFI wasn't always as daring as its fashion sense, but the NoCal band has grown with accelerating sophistication, stepping further beyond easy pop-punk thrashings to something grander, with music to match the mopey melodrama of Havok's words."
Spin,80,"Ultimately, AFI have lightened up the band's darkly-sexy vibe on Crash Love and delivered a yearning, perfect pop/rock crush of an album."
Paste Magazine,80,"With fewer studio effects and electronic twiddles, Crash Love is a simpler rock record than its US number one predecessor 'Decemberunderground.' If anything, it's better however, and shows that while fusing goth, punk and pop doesn't need to be rocket science, when AFI are involved it's very definitely an artform."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Crash Love doesnt demand the listeners attention to the same degree as Decemberunderground did, but closer inspection reveals a more intricate and well-constructed album."
AllMusic,73,"Even though Crash Love isn't terribly progressive in scope and the band's '80s idolatry might one day run its course, the set is another highlight in a discography that's as consistent as it is expansive."
Billboard.com,60,"Davey Havok builds lyrics around the vague concept of a souring relationship, and amid some fetching singalongs (the Cure-y, uptempo 'Veronica Sawyer Smokes'), he gets his dark mojo working."
PopMatters,60,"AFI may not be breaking new ground, but they never forget who listens hardest."
Slant Magazine,42,"The limited palette this time around doesnt do the band any favors."
musicOMH.com,40,"The quartet's hardcore horror shtick has been homogenised to such an extent that this teen-friendly eigth release could soundtrack the next Twilight movie. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
New Musical Express (NME),30,"It's at the safest of removes; emote by rote, numbness by numbers."

Pitchfork,80,"While they have been slowly inching in the direction of a purer pop record post-'Simple Things,' Binns and Hardaker seem to have finally found their stride."
PopMatters,70,"Besides a couple of limp late-album tag-ons, it appears that, for once, the kings of chill-out have gotten downright animated. [Fall 2009, p.96]"
The Boston Phoenix,64,"The music on Yeah Ghost is still Zero 7-but after a few cans of musical Red Bull."
Alternative Press,60,"Though Zero 7 are still not in the same class as Air (or even Phoenix), Yeah Ghost is an enjoyable record that shows them apparently on the way to something more unique."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Anglo-Zimbabwean singer Eska Mtungwazi, in particular, lights up her tracks with vibrant performances that eclipse everything else here."
AllMusic,60,"While 'Pop Art Blue' strays a little close to coffee table pop, it's an absorbing jouney. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Album four sees tracks pushing more into more arcane territory, but otherwise we see Zero 7 putting a subtle electronic spin on Elton John, Syreeta, Pentangle and Nick Drake. [Oct 2009, p.123]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"Here's hoping that the pleasant-at-best Yeah Ghost is but a wispy, passing apparition, and not a haunting omen for similarly ineffective work in the future."
Billboard.com,50,"Fans coming to this expecting a Zero 7 album will likely find it thoroughly disorienting and/or frustrating, which is the opposite effect their first three albums produced."
Rolling Stone,40,"Okay, it's not really very good at all."
Spin,30,"Yeah Ghost is simply too experimental. [Fall 2009, p.74]"

The A.V. Club,80,"This is a record to be drunk from deeply, preferably in solitude, along with a bottle of whatever makes you purr as warmly as Sandoval and her Inventions can--and evidently still do--at their best."
Q Magazine,80,"So, after eight long years, fans of Sandoval finally have something to be excited about, for Through the Devil Softly does not disappoint."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Her husky drawl of a voice remains as precious and fragile as a chandelier, and it well suits these insidiously melodic, intimate songs. [Oct 2009, p.110]"
Urb,80,"Ill be listening to Through the Devil Softly for years to come."
Filter,80,"This is music to lose yourself in during the long cold winter nights."
Billboard.com,70,"It sounds like it was worth the wait for Sandoval and O'Ciosoig and it's a welcome return for fans of her music, and also for fans of late-night, melancholy balladry that will break your heart and ease you gently into dreams."
AllMusic,70,"Soft and slipper-shod as it may seem, there's a complex coldness to Sandoval's lyrical persona."
The Guardian,67,"There's no real standout track--no 'Fade Into You' for this decade--but it's a good listen while it lasts, a thing of slow, sad grace."
Q Magazine,60,"She purrs every song in slow motion--but given lyrics like 'We're like the roses/Stoned in the backyard,' that's probably the point."
Uncut,60,"To most listeners, though, Through the Devil Softly will simply function as a collection of breathily perfect lullabies."
musicOMH.com,60,"Devil reveals itself slowly--very, very slowly--over repeated listens. [Fall 2009, p.66]"
PopMatters,60,"The lack of instruments coupled with Sandovals unvarying singing style lead to mind-wandering and reminiscing about her past work, like the killer hook she added to the Jesus and Mary Chains Sometimes Always."
Pitchfork,60,"Too much of the rest meanders through trickling streams of acoustic guitar and somnambulant vocals without ever detaining you for long. [Nov 2009, p.97]"
Under The Radar,40,"Perplexingly, the arrangements are so sparse that there's not quite enough fully formed songs to carry the album off. [Nov 2009, p.112]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"Stein's endlessly engaging melodic style gives nods to Bowie and even Elvis, plus there's a sprinkling of psychedelic dynamism now and then, and a whole lot of songs about cars and girls. Absolutely terrific fun."
PopMatters,80,"Fronted by Jonas Stein formerly of adolescent punks Be Your Own Pet--the missing link between the Monkees and Dead Kennedys--are every bit as spirited as his old band. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
Uncut,70,"It was all too easy to brush aside Turbo Fruits when the band was doing straightforward, blues-tinged punk.  Echo Kid makes that less than possible."
Dusted Magazine,64,"There's not a lick, hook, or lyric on Echo Kid that won't give you a feeling of deja vu, but the execution is strong and the music is pleasurable enough that it hardly matters."
The Guardian,60,"Even if they're not as rambunctious here as they were on their debut, Turbo Fruits' exuberance carries Echo Kid over most of its rough spots."
AllMusic,60,"Its not good, its not bad, its just what theyre doing, and they run it down with an unfettered zeal."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Surprisingly enjoyable party rock."
Pitchfork,60,"Rising from the ashes of Nashville's junior punkers Be Your Own Pet, Echo Kid is a gloriously daffy collection of primal rock 'n' roll nuggets. [Dec 2009, p. 127]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Recorded in analogue, Echo Kid is his love letter to '70s AM rock radio. [Jan 2010, p. 93]"

Spin,80,"Charitable largesse aside, it's a must-have for fans of anyone involved. [Sep 2009, p.98]"
Under The Radar,80,"The all-together family vibe permeates this unabashedly life-embracing album. [Sep 2009, p.83]"
NOW Magazine,67,"The Sun Came Out, whether intentionally or not, is an album for singers, but often it's the music that elevates the songs and prevents even the slickest moments from falling into the AOR mire."
Mojo,67,"As usual with supergroupseven casual supergroups who cut albums in three weeks like this--no forceful voice dominates. That leads to a lot of creative pudding, but occasionally the chemistry works to break the pleasant, if rarely memorable, bunch-of-pals-having-an-after-hours-jam vibe."
Q Magazine,60,"The songs across this double album arent always particularly memorable, but they feel suffused with the warm glow that obviously accompanied the recording process."

The Guardian,80,"Lyricwise everything is simple, ready for sing-along consumption and sometimes you can almost visualise that bouncing ball heading a long the bottom of some YouTube screen. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"
Uncut,80,"On Be Set Free, Langhorne Slim perfectly captures the lyrical simplicity of bygone times with straightforward lines like, I dont want to break your heart, but I probably will."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Be Set Free isn't a game-changing album so much as it confirms that Langhorne Slim's talent can work within a wider framework than he's used in the past and still honor his gifts, and it's an impressive, pleasurable work."
Pitchfork,70,"Be Set Free is the musical equivalent of a green bean casserole.  Its not going be anyones favorite dish at the table, but everyone, young and old, will want a second helping."
AllMusic,70,"In its lack of cleverness, the album has a certain wide-eyed innocence, and even the songs about hangovers show a generous perspective on life, of which music critics could do well to take note."
PopMatters,60,"Slim aims for the gut but usually ends up hitting the hips; either way, his relentlessly cloying lyrics ensure that Be Set Free is more suitable for soundtracks and square dances than headphones."
Hot Press,60,"An uneven listening experience, to put it mildly. [Feb 2010, p.90]"
Q Magazine,40,"With a bevy of rhymes and metaphors straight out of Poetry 101, Slim leaves no romantic cliche unsung. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Mojo,40,"These are mediocre, and sometimes painfully inept, approximations of classic lovelorn folk tunes. At a short 38 minutes, the times arent changin fast enough."
Mojo,40,"While his fourth album shows he has learnt his way around a reasonable tune - opener Back To The Wild has a distinctive grace -  his lyrics can descend into trite cliche or inane observation ('Time it goes on/Life it goes by', 'you'd love to pretend you were right/But you're wrong') [Feb 2010, p. 108]"

Uncut,80,"Ian Brown just keeps on getting better. As it stands, his way seems like the only way to go."
Pitchfork,80,"With his sixth release, Brown has become the UKs most consistently entertaining and often innovative solo artist."
The A.V. Club,80,"Focused and fighting fit, My way is proof that at 46 Ian brown is nevertheless prepared to go all 15 rounds. [Nov 2009, p.108]"
PopMatters,80,"His exhilarating meld of hip hop beats and mesmeric grooves proves that should he reform his old band, it's not because he needs to. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
Mojo,70,"Minor gripes aside, My Way is far better than anyone could have expected from a singer whose reputation is still judged by his musical contribution from 20 years ago."
Paste Magazine,70,"This is a surprisingly engaging record that highlights Ian Brown as an underrated songwriter and arranger, and underscores the point that while his enthusiasm for creativity is as infectious as ever, Spike Island and its ilk are unlikely to be revisited in the forseeable future."
AllMusic,60,"All shuffling beats and pub wisdom, it's same again for Brown's latest."
PopMatters,60,"As with the rest of My Way, highlights and lowlights alike, you listen to it struggling to think of anyone else who would do this. And perhaps that's the secret of the most mysterious continuing success story in rock."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Ian Brown follows an idiosyncratic path in keeping with My Ways title--mixing up the kind of heavily synthesised rhythms learned from Jamaican dancehall with a curious cover of Zager And Evans dystopian folk oddity 'In The Year 2525,' some insidious grooves and, on closer 'So High,' a somewhat wayward stab at soul."
Spin,50,"For all its lofty goals and risky production decisions, the album runs out of steam with such sudden regression that it becomes impossible to advocate Brown's 'way.'"

Uncut,80,"It is the sound of an introverted man reaching out to the workd and speaking uits language. [Oct 2009, p.102]"
Under The Radar,80,"A lovely collection of blue-eyed soul that sets out its stall right from 'Take A Chance's' opening parry. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Paste Magazine,80,"With the aid of some of the finest session musicians in Chicago, Hayes concocts a creamy rock'n'soul fantasy that answers the question: what if Jimmy Webb had teamed up with Thom Bell to write for Marc Bolan? [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Q Magazine,80,"Here Hayes gives every instrument space to breathe, while creating a beautiful group sound that moves with all the lithe grace of 70s soul sides."
musicOMH.com,60,"For all that his songs brim with melodic invention, in the end style trumps content."
New Musical Express (NME),55,"He doesn't exactly break free on Bright Penny, but typical of Hayes, it's not for lack of trying."

Q Magazine,90,"When it closes with the eerie, smoky gospel influenced Youlagy, you know its fantastic and you know youve found the most breathtakingly beautiful album this year."
Mojo,83,"Despite the looseness and the grab-bag approach, the best of the songs on Unmap feel right as rain, like these weird mash-ups were there all along, just waiting to be discovered."
Dot Music,82,"The record is too weird to turn heads in quite the same meteoric fashion that Emma did but is a nice addition to Vernons canon and an indicator of just how high he can let his freak flag wave and still sound just like himself."
Drowned In Sound,80,"'Seeplymouth' is a complex and beautiful song, and one that displays the talents of all the collaborators in Volcano Choir. A lot of people were enamored of 'For Emma, Forever Ago' last year; theyll be well rewarded if Justin Vernons involvement leads them to Unmap."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Perhaps itll never earn For Emmas unrivaled reputation as being music to hang your hearts and dreams upon, but its a dynamic batch of aural wilderness to get lost in. So wander on."
The Guardian,80,"The music of Unmap ticks with signature twists and sounds, things that suggest Justin Vernon could be a national treasure on the lines of Neil Young or Elliott Smith instead of the heartbroken one hit wonder that some might have expected."
Uncut,80,"That it is a beautifully realised set of textures and sounds certainly helps, as does the fact that its keenly abstract, exploratory bent makes any attempted comparisons with his debut album practically meaningless."
Slant Magazine,78,"Layered, atmospheric and melodic, each song takes its time and builds effortlessly into the next, creating an ethereal experience that intensifies with each listen. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Mojo,70,"Despite being a solid, sometimes gorgeous album of songs from a very well-matched collaboration of artists, Unmaps ultimate effect will be whetting appetites everywhere for the next Bon Iver record."
Q Magazine,70,"Here were given a respite from Bon Ivers heavy crises while still loving on Bon Iver; here, Volcano Choir is inevitably weightless--a pretty happy band with a pretty happy album."
Uncut,67,"Unmap seems to have been constructed more for the head than the soul, making it easier to admire for its boldly uncommercial audacity than love for its actual music."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Despite the occasional flaws, the album shows that Vernon (along with the guys in Collections of Colonies of Bees) has not only the desire to branch out but also the necessary skills."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Both thrilling and baffling, the nine tracks prove that Vernon's appeal lies in his otherworldly sound, not in his broken heart."
Pitchfork,60,"If the results are sometimes insubstantial, they can also be richly atmospheric. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
No Ripcord,60,"It is uneasy listening. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Pitchfork,60,"Unmap transcends such mood geometrics thanks to Vernon's mostly wordless incantations. [Oct 2009, p.99]"
Paste Magazine,55,"Unmap is the definition of a vanity project, except theres not much vanity in doing an electronic record that is inferior to the original music either group has made on their own."
Dusted Magazine,50,"It desperately needs some kind of visual accompaniment to, at least, add a cinematic legitimacy to the sound's sporadic mood swings. Worthwhile? Probably. But the world waits for the proper return of Bon Iver."
PopMatters,40,"Volcano Choir is asking various musical questions here, and the overall answer is yes, there does come a point where things fall apart. [Fall 2009, p.68]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"It is quietly passionate, graceful, elegant, utterly moving, and unequivocally beautiful in its honesty and sophistication. He's realized an ambition here that is artful and singular."
Dot Music,80,"Truelove's Gutter is yet another showcase for Hawley's subtle genius. Every sound on the album, from the notes to the vocals, is warming and rich with sensations."
Filter,80,"Ghostly cries from the musical saw and ondes Martenot bring an element of eeriness and adventure--yet it's hard to escape a niggling feeling that Hawley is here polishing a formula, even falling back on cliche, in his continuing quest to make the local and homely sound lushly romantic."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Trueloves Gutter is a winner for his fans."
cokemachineglow,80,"Truelove's Gutter is a beautiful album. [Oct 2009, p.113]"
The A.V. Club,80,"With Truelove's Gutter, Hawley stands at the other side of his beloved city's bridge, leading the charge for the welcome return of pop that demands your full attention to get the best out of it."
AllMusic,80,"From what initially seemed like a limited palette, Richard Hawley has produced a masterpiece of tonal space that demands full concentration."
Spin,80,"Truelove's Gutter ranks right up there with the rest of his vastly underrated catalog; it's as ambitious as it is simple, elegant as it is morose. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
Q Magazine,80,"The alien instrumentation here is systematic rather than fundamental--atmospheric colour that shows Hawley's current mindset rather than confirming some fundamental musical shift. [Oct 2009, p.94]"
Uncut,80,"Hawley has masterfully crafted a sparse and darker affair that proves to be his most challenging set to date. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Mojo,80,"Hawley has made an exceptionally perfect album with Trueloves Gutter: its endearing, uplifting and absolutely beautiful, what else could you ask for?"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The album is a crumbling beauty."
musicOMH.com,70,"As a whole it's a musically and lyrically a beautiful reflection on the less than smooth course life can take. But it is not recommended listening if youre going through a rough break-up or are feeling generally sad, unless weeping yourself senseless is your aim."
Under The Radar,70,"Trueloves Gutter abandons the lush strings and complex production of previous work for a more straightforward style, and the results bring to mind the honest, plainspoken albums that Cash and Jones recorded in the mid-70s."
AllMusic,67,"An album like this, filled with longing and a bit of resignation, may be an uneasy fit for today's mood of uncertainty and diminished opportunities. Hawley's mined a specific vein of emotion for years, and it's a testament to his skill that his hyper-local focus maintains such a broad appeal."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sixth album Truelove's Gutter is his best, thanks to easing back on the twanging guitar and ads for his native Sheffield in favour of more universally minded tunes, the finest of which, the 10-minute Remorse Code, edges into ambient territory."
The Guardian,60,"It's a given that Gutter, like the ex-Pulp sideman's five previous shimmering, sepia-toned solo albums, has moments of heartbreaking beauty. Too bad those moments are outnumbered by a reliance on secondhand lyrical conceits (songbirds, shipwrecks) and drifting arrangements."
Urb,60,"Throughout, his mellowness of tone is the album's defining feature. Miraculously, thanks to the minutiae of the arrangements, it's a sound that never becomes one dimensional. [Oct 2009, p.96]"

Q Magazine,80,"Its a fitting near-farewell for this disarmingly tender and enjoyable album."
Dot Music,80,"It is indeed a credit to all involved that this album sounds as ego-less and cohesive as it does. The performances throughout also retain a loose, lived-in quality that strikes an even balance between purposeful songwriting and the pleasant surprises of in-studio mistakes."
PopMatters,80,"The bands' unselfconscious appreciation of each other brings something more: a buoyant confidence that infuses every subtly orchestrated note."
Filter,80,"It's quite lovely, and manages to be simultaneously mournful and innocent-sounding. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"Geographic's signature--naive oreintal pop meets introverted occidental indie--is bewitchingly realised here in 12 gossamer songs. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Under The Radar,70,"Sure, it is unfocussed and diffuse in places, but it still succeeds in deploying the several and varied voices of its collaborating creators to produce something that ultimately just about hangs together with a valiant, if tattered sort of coherence."
Delusions of Adequacy,61,"Sometimes, the result is as frail and lovely as worn lace; sometimes it's just threadbare."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Overall, Two Sunsets' twee pop aesthetics lattice into a misty, pastoral inertness."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Chesnutt put out his first solo album 19 years ago, yet At The Cuts jarringly personal songs hit new peaks."
Tiny Mix Tapes,87,"While Skitter on Take-Off is a great album, At the Cut is a brilliant one."
Pitchfork,80,"At the Cut isn't as great a surprise as 'North Star Deserter,' but if you thought the brilliance of that album was a happy accident, this confirms these musicians complement each other very well and hopefully will continue to do so for a long time to come."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A collection of cobwebbed country and chamber-pop spiked with dark wit, it peaks with 'Flirted With You All My Life', a dialogue with the reaper that Chesnutt handles with impressive dignity. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
Spin,72,"The restraint of the musicians involved leaves Chesnutt's fragility at the center of the music and lends the album an air of refinement and wisdom that could have easily been drowned out by guitarists more eager to call attention to themselves."
Uncut,70,"The musicians on the album--eight in total including Vic--seesaw between country, folk and indulgent Seventies rock, never reinventing wheels but generally giving the lyrical matter its appropriate platform."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Reprising the underground all-star lineup from Chesnutts 2007 opus 'North Star Deserter' (Fugazis Guy Picciotto, members of Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Silver Mt. Zion) yields similar results."
PopMatters,60,"Vic Chesnutt has consistently astounded. At The Cut is thankfully no exception. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
The Guardian,60,"A more effective synergy arrives as the musicians rein in the melodrama, proffering a subtler, shimmering folk rock canvas for Chesnutt's emotional daubings. [Nov 2009, p.91]"

Uncut,70,"The resulting tunes are lush, but few are truly dense, and White Water's biggest asset is its ability to wield such a large sound without replacing the woodsy, cozy feel of Church's solo performances."
Mojo,70,"Sea Wolf's second effort, now realized by a more traditional band lineup brought together during a few years of touring behind his previous record, extends the reach of Church's pastoral folk sketches."
musicOMH.com,70,"If youre up for stepping into an alternate, folk-rock inspired universe, Sea Wolf is deserving of an ear. White Water, White Bloom is an amazing step for Sea Wolf, ranking near if not at the top of Alex Churchs musical accomplishments."
Pitchfork,50,"I can't deny Church is a solid craftsman capable of cranking out extremely inviting pop-rock hooks, but this ground is so well-trod that it's hard to find anything to get even a little bit excited about here unless you're relatively new to indie-rock patronage."

Under The Radar,80,"It's less of an issue to find an epochal band among them and more of one to find a band that is consistently a pleasure to listen to in its own right. Well into a decade's worth of performances and recording, Early Day Miners manage that feat again on their sixth album, The Treatment."
The A.V. Club,80,"While this is a poppier, more finely polished rendering of their sound, this is also a magnificent culmination of everything Early Day Miners have been working toward and perfecting throughout the duration of their career."
cokemachineglow,60,"The songs have cool, memorable hooks and great guitar textures, but an overarching lack of enthusiasm hurts even their strongest material."
AllMusic,60,"In spite of its shortcomings, The Treatment, much like your slacker buddy, is guaranteed to provide a pleasant evening's entertainment. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Uncut,56,"It's rarely boring, and often full of promise, but it's a direction that calls for further tweaks, experiments, and exploration to get the balance just right."

Pitchfork,100,"The lightness and dexterity of the playing throughout Backspacer, and of Vedder's hard-driving, often playful vocals, come from Pearl Jam's members taking this music seriously, honing in and nailing it."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Backspacer is the bands most mature album to date and clocking in at just over 36 minutes, it is also their most condensed work; Its as if Pearl Jam is channeling Ernest Hemingway, with not a wasted breath or note anywhere to be found."
Spin,90,"Prior to Backspacer, Pearl Jam wouldn't or couldn't have made music this unfettered, unapologetically assured, casual, and, yes, fun."
Under The Radar,90,"Backspacer, the bands ninth studio album [is] one of its most cohesive and satisfying in terms of brevity, crisp production, and a sharp focus."
Mojo,81,"The whole album has a pleasurable mix of lean, mean rock'n'roll and pensive ballads that reflect both the state of the world and the band's place in it."
AllMusic,80,"Backspacer, Pearl Jam's ninth album, backspaces to that boyish spirit, with the shortest, tightest, punkiest tunes they've ever banged out."
Alternative Press,80,"For the first time in years, Pearl Jam are seizing the moment rather than wallowing in it."
PopMatters,80,"The commitment that Vedder brings to all this material, from the rowdiest thrashing to the schmaltziest ballad makes this feel like a unified and ultimately convincing project. [Oct 2009, p.90]"
Pitchfork,80,"This is a record made by mature men with perspective: full of reflection and eclecticism, finding space for both U2 guitar motifs and Buzzcocks solos."
AllMusic,80,"Its a set of 11 concise songs in 37 minutes that are mostly fast, loud, sinewy and live sounding."
PopMatters,80,"For the first time in their 19-year career, Pearl Jam actually sound--whisper it--fun. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
NOW Magazine,80,"'Just Breathe,' 'Amongst The Waves' and 'The End' make this one of Pearl jam's most satisfying albums. [Oct 2009, p.96]"
Under The Radar,75,"The album grows same-y, but tracks like the surfing-as-life-metaphor anthem 'Amongst the Waves' do indeed make something old feel, if not new, good again."
Pitchfork,75,"Though it doesnt hit with the same force as the early singles to which every future Pearl Jam anthem will be compared, its an oxygen rush nonetheless--one worth hoping for and high-fiving to when they unleash it live."
Los Angeles Times,70,"This is Pearl Jams 'fun' record, a disc that was likely just as exciting as [to] record as it is to listen to."
Blender,70,"Backspacer is very much calculated to sound the way it sounds, and suggesting Pearl Jam have lost anything would be premature. Ultimately theres no point fretting about the future when contemplating a record thats so very much a celebration of the moment."
AllMusic,70,"Pearl Jam's ninth album sounds a lot more optimistic and positive than the band ever has. More importantly, Backspacer sees Pearl Jam finally escape the slump they fell into with 'Binaural' nine years ago."
Boston Globe,70,"When Pearl Jam shocked the world with Ten and Vs, there would have been few that believed the band were capable of an album such as Backspacer--an ostensibly traditional rock album that, at times, feels contented and at others strays close to emotional equity. The shock this time is that they nearly pull it off."
Billboard.com,68,"A little more effort at the end would have been appreciated, but so long as youre content with paying full price for whats essentially twenty-eight minutes of listenable music, Backspacer works as a fun little rock nroll record."
Rolling Stone,60,"Outside of a filmic context and stamped with the name Pearl Jam, several of the songs fall flat, dragging down an otherwise upbeat and enjoyable release."
Spin,60,"Theres a casual feel to this recording that generally works in its favour. Nothing sounds too laboured, and you get the feeling that they banged out the tunes quickly in an attempt to capture some live urgency. On the downside, the unpretentious approach often borders on unambitious."
Uncut,60,"Ultimately at this point, the songs that I'm most attracted to are still the slower, more intuitive weepers showcasing Vedder's voice, and alas, such simplicity is scarce on Backspacer."
The Guardian,50,"I still root for Pearl Jam, and listen to each of their albums with the hope that I'll get the same charge I did from Ten and Vs., and perhaps the greatest testament to Backspacer is that it's the most difficult album in a long time to immediately dismiss."
The New York Times,46,"Virtually the whole record settles into the same formula the band's been dutifully churning out since the dawn of the millennium."

Q Magazine,80,"Drummer is a bonafide indie rock, shoegaze venture, but with a real knack for melodies and, well... rhythm."
Mojo,75,"Despite the band name, the album is a guitar-driven record, relying primarily on Stillman's dexterous fretwork to lead the quintet in and out of geometric jams that sound vaguely prog-metal in origin."
Entertainment Weekly,65,"Together, which was recorded during a period of lengthy down time for all parties earlier this year, is the sound of five guys bro-ing down, drinking beers and recording an album. Its not the deepest thing ever recorded, but it is a fun little record that bears no pretense of seriousness."
The A.V. Club,60,"The echoey vocals recall Nineties shoegazers like Ride, and the instrumental breaks suggest quality time has been spent with Pavement's Slanted and Enchanted."

PopMatters,100,"By breathing life into Richey Edwards's own last words, his friends have crafted not a memorial but a celebration. [Jun 2009, p.120]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"Journal for Plague Lovers winds up being The Holy Bible in reverse: every moment of despair is a reason to keep on living instead of an excuse to pack it all in."
Sputnikmusic,90,"Overall, Journal For Plague Lovers is a strident comeback that would have been a worthy direct successor to 'The Holy Bible' had circumstances been different."
musicOMH.com,81,"Nobody who has ever had some semblance of an interest in this band should ignore Journal For Plague Lovers, which is simply far more awesome than anyone had a right to expect."
cokemachineglow,80,"Journal For Plague Lovers is an outstanding album in its own right and is not 'The Holy Bible.' But then again, what is?"
Paste Magazine,80,"Not just a dignified salute to an absent friend, but a cracking album in its own right."
NOW Magazine,80,"So while Journal for Plague Lovers doesnt quite match up to The Holy Bible, essentially it doesnt need to."
Lost At Sea,80,"Forgoing the arena-rock of recent years for something close to the barbed punk of their 'Holy Bible' era--though less disjointed this time, and studded with hooks you could hang a feather boa from--they've made a complex but very listenable record."
Under The Radar,80,"This is also a brave, compelling record that stands shoulder to shoulder with the Manics best."
Pitchfork,80,"This is something unique, often flawed and often flooring, and as fine and fitting a memorial for its lyricist as could be imagined."
Under The Radar,80,"Richey Edwards has his words set to the best music his bandmates have made since their last album together. [Jun 2009, p.97]"
Pitchfork,80,"With Journal for Plague Lovers, it feels like Manic Street Preachers have finally closed the door on a painful chapter in their career and, rather fittingly, theyve done it with some aplomb."
Prefix Magazine,78,"Even if it were the desperate or cynical move some people have claimed it is, there's no denying that purging Edwards' old lyric folder has helped the band create its best album in a decade."
Rolling Stone,78,"To date, this is as close to their masterpiece, The Holy Bible, as they've ever come. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
Q Magazine,70,"Manics mine Richeys last words for a return to the heart of darkness."
AllMusic,70,"It's a shade better than Send Away The Tigers, itself heralded as a return to form, and in a year that hasn't really been anything special so far for straight-ahead rock, this is a standout."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Journal resurrects the hunger and desperation that was the Manics' initial driving force, and in the process gives them a sense of purpose. [Fall 2009, p.64]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Disjointed, imperfect, tender and raw, at the final reckoning it sits as a fitting epitaph."

New Musical Express (NME),71,"Between Yorns ingratiating tunes, Johanssons harmonies and the lush, inventive production, Break Up ultimately succeeds in its ambitious goal of capturing the spirit--if not the sound--of the late-60s musical partnership between Serge Gainsbourg and Brigitte Bardot"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Johansson sounds more in her element in this one, starting off strong with the bittersweat bounce of 'Relator.' The only misfire on Break Up is an overly arty rendition of 'I Am The Cosmos' by Chris Bell of Big Star. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
PopMatters,67,"Johansson's throaty vocals fit Break Up's intimate vibe better than they did on her overly ambitious Tom Waits-covers album. Still, aside from the jangle 'n' twang ditty 'Relator' and remake of Chris Bell's classic 'I Am the Cosmos,' the project never really achieves liftoff."
The Guardian,60,"Yorn and Johannson cut their album long before She & Him, but surfacing in its wake, they can't help but seem a bit like the polished, polite answer to the twee, precious charms of Zooey & M. Ward. Break Up does trump Vol. 1 conceptually, chronicling the dissolution of a romance as a series of duets, and Scarlett is a more-than-worthy foil to Yorn."
Uncut,60,"Theres a mopey, self-pitying quality to the lyrics, and the duo never once connect with or transmit the sultry passion that existed between those 60s icons [Serge Gainsbourg and Brigitte Bardot]."
Dot Music,60,"It is entirely listenable, but this sort of album suggests the power to either break or fortify hearts. To that extent, it does not follow through."
Mojo,58,"Mostly, the record suffers from the same symptoms most flings do: In time, the dreaminess dissipates, leaving those involved searching for something with a little more weight to it."
No Ripcord,50,"Break Up's nine songs have plenty of sweet harmonies, but there's just no sexual chemistry between these two friends."
Pitchfork,50,"Eliminate the stilted pursuit of Artistry oozing out of the cracks here, and ignore the notion that theres some sort of emphasis on an unraveling journey-through-song, and Break Up is actually a pleasant enough detour as a light-hearted, retro-pop affair."
Filter,47,"'Relator' aside, there's little about this duo's chemistry that lives up to Matt and Kim, let alone Lee Hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra."
Hot Press,40,"Chalk this one down purely to an arrangement of Tinseltown convenience. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"There's an absence of audible heat, no palpable anguish or tantrums. [Oct 2009. p.108]"
Under The Radar,20,"These tuneless songs which either brim with maudlin self-pity or bounce along with enforced jollity. [Oct 2009, p.123]"

musicOMH.com,82,"The Resistance, shows growth from the band's previous releases and proves that it's primed for a global musical takeover."
Paste Magazine,80,"'Black Holes and Revelations' may be a more commercial record, but The Resistance is Muse's most realized effort to date."
Alternative Press,80,"Not all of it is palatable, but there's something unrepentant in The Resistance's insane ambitiousness that demands respect rather than mockery. The day Muse topple irrevocably into self-parody will surely come. But, apparently, not yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Its bonkers--hilarious, maddening, ridiculous and slightly shit--yet never dull."
AllMusic,80,"Its the closing triptych of quasi-classical numbers--the aforementioned Exogenesis sequence--that transports Muse to a place beyond parody."
NOW Magazine,80,"Even introspection is realised on a gargantuan scale, with the climatic rock symphony Exogenesis. Over the top? For Matt Bellamy and Muse it's the only way to go. [Oct 2009]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The wholeheartedness with which this album hurls itself into the abyss of cod-symphonic astral pretension is to be commended."
The A.V. Club,80,"All this is but a prelude to the albums extaordinary, elegant climax, Bellamys three part, 12 minute orchestrial work 'Exogenesis: Symphony.' [Oct 2009, p.102]"
Rolling Stone,80,"You dont need to be fanatical or any other synonym to realize that this is utterly spectacular music."
PopMatters,80,"Bellamy wriggles ever freer from the straitjacket of rock music, nearing the point where he can slide between genres as easily as his idols, Bowie, Queen and Prince."
Pitchfork,80,"The Resistance, the crispest Muse album yet, is unapologetically and ambitiously beautiful."
Q Magazine,75,"Frontman Matt Bellamy mostly gets away with these high jinks thanks to his skilled way with a Radiohead-ish hook."
Mojo,75,"On The Resistance, the group shows it can turn a night at the opera into a daytrip to Candyland."
Uncut,70,"As it stands its an indulgent and, at times, gorgeous listen that merely helps restate your concrete opinions about Muse."
Billboard.com,70,"They turn to the next logical ladder rung of pretension: symphony. And they may have finally found the perfect category to fuse with their ever-swooping brand of rock."
AllMusic,60,"While not their best, its decent enough to ensure therell be more-- even though the truly off-the-wall moments are either rare or misguided, meaning the record feels slightly anonymous."
The Guardian,60,"Ultimately, The Resistance is a patchwork of expert cliches that leaves a listener wondering just what the point of Muse is."
Uncut,60,"You'd be well advised to beg, borrow or download a handful of tracks from The Resistance; but if you're planning to sit through the whole ponderous enterprise, you'll likely need a blister pack of paracetamol and a hell of a lot of patience."
Hot Press,59,"For the wary or outright dismissive, however, The Resistance is also a very smartly sequenced album."
Mojo,50,"Even where the record shines--and it does at points--it really only does so against a background of blinding light from Muses back catalog, which is an unfortunate, but inescapable point."
Observer Music Monthly,50,"These straight pop tunes are great by themselves, but after slogging through the symphonic sludge, youre likely to find The Resistance a jumbled, forgettable tracklist."
Q Magazine,40,"In the end, far from making prog a four-letter word, Muse have done worse and opted out of the playing field altogether."
Delusions of Adequacy,30,"They are capable of making albums that are big, over the top and fun. The Resistance is over the top, but comes off as boisterous and overblown."

Dot Music,80,"The Incident is an incident in music that must be acknowledged."
The New York Times,80,"Stellar 12-minute opus 'Time Flies' teems with Pink Floydesque arrangements and moving lyrics, while 'Octane Twisted' offers up massive guitar riffage that you can bang your head to."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The title suite on this two-CD set is the Tree's finest hour: a mounting drama of memoir and real-news trauma, animated with slicing guitars, ghost-song electronics, mile-high harmonies and smart pop bait."
The A.V. Club,76,"It's a bit like Lance Armstrong placing second in the Tour de France--not the finish one is accustomed to, but still a remarkable achievement. [Fall 2009, p.98]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"That said, unlike early proggers who favored meandering instrumental doodling over succinct songwriting, Porcupine Tree always favor the importance of memorable songs over flashy solos, which certainly makes the group one of the top modern-day prog rock bands."
Spin,70,"He is a very, very good songwriter, which keeps Porcupine Tree afloat even when they arent really pushing the envelope."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's sprawling beast, but for all its occasional spots of indulgence it's a towering achievement. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Rolling Stone,60,"With these less-then-cutting-edge elements Wilson manages to conjure that's diverse and full of drama. [Oct 2009, p.97]"

musicOMH.com,90,"This wasn't the kind of record that lights up the charts--which could account for the reason it didn't appear on the shelves in late April 2002, as expected, and only earned an official release in 2009--but in many ways it's superior to the released Amplified."
Pitchfork,80,"Soulful and organic, with roots in jazz and funk, Kamaal the Abstract finds Q-Tip not only rhyming in his trademark nasal cadence, but also singing--and surprisingly well to boot."
Sputnikmusic,80,"There are few high or low moments--which might put some listeners off--but texture and content, rather than pulse-raising histrionics, have always been Q-Tip specialties."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The subtlety of musicianship on each track is quite brilliant."
PopMatters,80,"If we measure Q-Tip's success at 'abstractionism' in terms of how his voice, message, and golden ear complement each other to bring out hip-hop's full musical potential, then Kamaal is a clear success on the artist's own terms."
No Ripcord,80,"This belongs a lot more to the R&B/Neo-soul side of hip-hop; it's a terrific way for the Queens rapper to showcase his impressive skill as a musical artist."
Delusions of Adequacy,78,"It's not that the record is so unclassifiable--shit is downright pleasant to listen to--as it exudes the confidence to acknowledge its influences and contemporaries with the same convivial grace that has marked Q-Tip's entire career."
NOW Magazine,75,"Q-Tip's voice retains its loose, slippery allure, but the disc feels like a worthy experiment abandoned halfway through; it doesn't end so much as nod off."
Rolling Stone,75,"Alternately sublime and aimless, Abstract is the sound of an artist evolving on wax, and while the growing pains show, they also help make the music surprisingly resonant."
Filter,70,"With Kamaal, one of hip-hop's finest has once again redefined his game--and upped the ante for the whole hip-hop genre in the process."
AllMusic,70,"As an album, it's a joy to listen to most of the way through. It's more consistent than 'Amplified,' though not as interesting overall, and both more consistent and more interesting than 'The Renaissance.'"
PopMatters,67,"Buried at Track 7, the developed rhyme, unkiltered time, unsettling keyboards, and Kenny Garrett sax coda of 'Abstractionisms' deliver what the flowery 'Caring' and the endless 'Do You Dig U?' emphatically do not: the 'brand new sound' the finale only brags about."
Q Magazine,63,"Kamaal the Abstract is not a great record by any means. But it is an interesting one, a unique effort by an artist struggling to mesh two disparate musical systems, gambling that inherent internal friction could spark some excitement."

Mojo,80,"Dense and challenging, with an unmistakable humanist undertow, ...Snow is a riveting trip. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
AllMusic,70,"The Drunken Boat one of the best tracks hes done to date. The rest of the album isnt as daring or unique. Joyner mostly follows the 'Hotel Lives' template and reaps the same rewards."
Billboard,70,"Songs this assured are rare to hear with such consistency on one album, and it is a shame that there are one or two less-impressive examples that cloud the reception. In the main, though, this is remarkably well-conceived and lovable, a fine continuation."
Blender,70,"Even as Joyner drifts out into that snow, he remembers to bring some warmth along with him, which is what makes Out Into the Snow the comforting mess that it is."
Drowned In Sound,68,"Out Into the Snow is another solid entry in a long career for Joyner, and it seems his place as the dark observer on the indie world's fringe is pretty well set."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Out Into The Snow dissects the tragedy of the human condition with surgical precision. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"But judicious daubs of strings, piano, female backing vocals and even a band (on Roll On, a surprise boisterous finale) reach out and the lyrics follow suit - venturing out into snow is a metaphor for change. [Jan 2010, p. 104]"
cokemachineglow,40,"When Joyners at his best, he can break hearts in the most hopeful way possible; in these moments, he is as reinvigorating as a much-needed cry. But most of the songs on this album lack this quality, instead coming off as contrived and, as a result, harder to relate to."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Living Colour has solidified their standing as one of the most consistent, original and important bands America has produced. Theres little left to say: kick the chair out of the doorway and get this essential album into your life, immediately."
The A.V. Club,80,"Reid's playing is a thrill throughout; his solos sound like a mind blown wide but never to pieces."
Slant Magazine,70,"What can be viewed as a weakness can also be seen as a strength, and for the most part one can conclude that The Chair in the Doorway is a successful return to form."
PopMatters,60,"No boundaries are being broken this around, but Living Colour still hold their own. [Jan 2010, p. 102]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"Their fifh album reveals no radical stylistic shift. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
Pitchfork,57,"The band's first release since 2003, 'The Chair in the Doorway,' is too scattered -- and occasionally silly -- to make a serious re-impression."
Uncut,50,"The limited palette and relentless attack wind up a little wearying, especially when married to brickwalled masters."

Dusted Magazine,80,"On his best album yet, Jennings goes much darker, with chilling tales of addiction, madness and loss, all wrapped up in fuzzy electric guitars, feedback and raw, distorted vocals."
PopMatters,70,"Blood of Man sounds like that album's [2004's 'Use Your Voice'] companion piece, merging the same traces of folk, roots rock, and small-town storytelling with a simple increase in volume."
Prefix Magazine,68,"Completely self-recorded and mastered, Blood of Man isnt dressed up in studio effectsits as raw and real as the writing itself."
Pitchfork,60,"Where the first half of Blood of Man comes easily and is more or less classic Mason Jennings, the second loses a step as it strays too far into a style and presentation that is both out of pace and place."
Under The Radar,55,"The problem is that the whole album ends up sounding like any other in the singing-songwriting surfer genre. The songs bleed into one another without much distinction musically."

Mojo,75,"They've broken out of the pop-punk underground not by illuminating the dark corners of young-person romance but by crafting songs that make the rituals of teenhood feel like scenes in a Zac Efron movie."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Its self-titled debut was pop-emo at its dimmest, but Love Drunk is, in places, a pleasant improvement, with the bands brattier instincts tamped down."
PopMatters,63,"When it's not ripping off Panic, Love Drunk seems to be catering to other mainstream audiences and the hipster crowd.... But once you get past all that, you'll find a few solid pop-rock tunes here."
Rolling Stone,60,"This is a much better record than their debut--and that in itself is an impressive feat."
Sputnikmusic,60,"If Love Drunk's overall enthusiasm and high-energy pop doesn't win over even the snarkiest of reviewers after a few listens, then they probably don't have a heart. Everyone else will love it anyway. Pop-rock like this is popular for a reason."
Mojo,60,"All this new-Benz shininess would get annoying if it weren't for the sugar-shot melodies."

Uncut,90,"On their fourth full-length, the Used have delivered not only the definitive album of thier career, butarguably one of the best records you'll hear in 2009. [Sep 2009, p.109]"
Billboard.com,80,"The Used have taken the best elements of their previous releases, refined them and delivered the strongest album of their career."
AllMusic,68,"The Used pushes boundaries with the frenetic lead single 'Blood on My Hands,' whose video features McCracken as a gleeful, blood-soaked vigilante. But the song doesn't so much reinvent the band's sound as amplify it. Other tracks like 'Sold My Soul' and 'The Best of Me' highlight the Used's knack for crafting brutal yet crowd-pleasing anthems."
Rolling Stone,60,"Hooks never mattered to the Used anyway, so having a higher grade of execution helps underscore the Used's point, which ironically just makes the whole thing uglier and harder to take."
AllMusic,50,"Peeling off much of the outfits Utah-bred oddness and emotive chaos, the album is a clear ploy at breaking through to a more pop-inclined audience."
Paste Magazine,40,"He delivers overheated poetry like 'As history gets lost and as I took that final breath, I felt alive,' and his bandmates rock like shiny Satans."
PopMatters,30,"Turgid even for the genre, Artwork will make you hate yourself for singing along with tricky standouts like 'Empty With You.'"
Prefix Magazine,30,"After sampling the tasteless, bland delights of Artwork though, I can't imagine many will."

Entertainment Weekly,70,"The combination of Lewis and Rodriguez-Lopez seems promising, albeit one that could use a few tweaks and a tad less self-indulgence on the conceptual front."
The New York Times,60,"Juliette Lewis dials down the aggression, amps up the introspection, and adds a dose of weirdness on her third album, Terra Incognita. As always, what Lewis wants to achieve is apparent and admirable, but not necessarily quite what is achieved."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Juliette Lewis's third shot at crossing over from award-winning actress to respected songwriter appears to br gatherng pace. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"A rich, rowdy and mostly rewarding listen."
Alternative Press,58,"Lewis convincingly mixes guttural aggression and haunting sonic effects. However, the songwriting is mostly nonexistent, and some tracks are puzzling non-fits that destroy any consistent atmosphere."
Rolling Stone,50,"The conceptual stuff is ill-advised.... But she's a competent angst-belter who knows how to imitate singers she likes, from Courtney Love to Kim Carnes--even if her Janis Joplin is too close to 30 Rock for comfort."
Alternative Press,40,"For all her Stakhanovite efforts and the title track's Hole-esque venom, the fact is she's yet to prove that it is music and not acting that is her true calling. [Oct 2009, p.112]"

Sputnikmusic,90,"To put it simply, its a near perfect conclusion to one of the finest records Ive heard this year."
Billboard.com,85,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums make experimental music that really carves out its own sonic space, that intrigues and engages without ever really attempting to 'challenge,' because that's not what it cares about."
AllMusic,83,"Their equipment may be largely restricted to percussion, vocals, and the occasional embellishment of keyboard, but their ability to fully eclipse these limitations and create music with a strong improvisational pulse and so much vitality is a no small feat, and proves that they are continuing to experiment in magnificent, dynamic ways."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's a challenging but ultimately very rewarding listening experience."
Rolling Stone,80,"With this second album cementing the union between Mariam Wallentin's impassioned gut-bucket vocals and Andreas Werliin's busy percussion, they are on their way to becoming the White Stripes in reverse."
Spin,80,"In full flight, the effect is sensual, pulverising and mesmeric."
PopMatters,80,"The Snake for the first time is a journey riddled with surprise--that almost nothing can be nailed down or predicted even after the seven-minutes-thirty of closer of 'My Heart' is pure 'lucky dip' stuff. Each time you dip in, you seem to come out with an even bigger handful of sweetness."
musicOMH.com,80,"The duo's songs may employ no chords and few notes to sing against, but they are brillantly structured via Andreas Werliin's melodic drum patterns, with Mariam Wallentin's flamboyant, unfettered voice a huge presence. [May 2009, p109]"
AllMusic,80,"Somehow nothing appears to be missing from the tantalisingly brief beats and blues of 'There Is No Light,' while 'Chain Of Steel's' tick-tocking marimba adds spooky variation. [May 2009, p.119]"
Mojo,80,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums has honed their distinctive mixture of primal emotionalism and imaginative arrangements with a magnetic dynamism that makes for one of the most captivating albums this year."
Uncut,77,"At times The Snake sounds like a drum solo with vocals, but they make their limited line-up sound endlessly malleable, which is no small feat."
The A.V. Club,70,"The Snake displays many of its predecessors strengths--good songs, that emotion-laden voice, the amorphous blend of pop and jazz--without trying to be an action replay"
Rolling Stone,70,"Music theory waffle/spiritual musings aside, this sees the pair expand their austere template with new instruments and ideas to great effect."
Q Magazine,70,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums are strongest when tapping into their wild side. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
No Ripcord,60,"It's the skeletal accompaniment that lends the sound real brawn--primitive and intuitive, yet sophisticated at the same time. [Jun 2009, p.113]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"Ellipse is some of her most wide-ranging work, physically and musically speaking."
Pitchfork,80,"Mostly, though, Ellipse delivers an inventive yet intimate batch of laptop-pop gems."
musicOMH.com,80,"Underneath all the blatant expressionism, Heap is just a lovesick Brit who sings of swooning crushes, petal-picking, and brokenhearted romances. It is that exact lovestruck normalcy that makes Ellipse so endearing."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"This beguiling third album deserves to be her breakthrough moment, though the absence of an obvious 'Hide and Seek'-style focal point may hinder its chances."
The Guardian,80,"On Ellipse she presents mini-symphonies of herself, with vocoders and Auto-Tuned versions of her helium-filled voice floating in and out of songs that glide--the amazing 'Canvas,' the magic patchwork quilt of 'Earth'--more than they drive."
Drowned In Sound,72,"Her voice, by turns flighty and forlorn, has an honest personality often missing in pop. [Summer 2009, p.98]"
Mojo,70,"The prolific singer/songwriter has reacted to the licensing feast surrounding 'Speak for Yourself' ('The OC,' 'So You Think You Can Dance,' Verizon advertisements) with a stronger focus on song structure and melody on Ellipse."
Q Magazine,70,"Now and then strings peek out, gently accenting the soaring vocals. ['Half Life is] a fitting close for an album of such quiet elegance."
PopMatters,60,"If you're a fan of her previous work, or even just like some good old-fashioned, earnestly well-crafted songs, then this is an honourable addition to the genre."
Paste Magazine,60,"Very modern, even if her pleasing sound never pushes real boundaries."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Ellipse is typically facinating and frustrating. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The result is a muddled collection of gently electronic pop that vacillates between mildly engaging and outright boring, a prime candidate for scoring teen TV dramas and stocking Starbucks shelves."
Under The Radar,50,"Ellipse is balanced but doesn't break ground. Fans of her past work will likely find little to quarrel with, but they won't be challenged, either. [Sep 2009, p.105]"
Uncut,50,"Ho-hum third record from brit chanteuse."

AllMusic,75,"Jenkins instead comes on like he never left the scene. In fact, with its pulsating rhythms and crisp guitar fuzz, the new record actually does a better job of extending the band's early work than did its lukewarm previous effort, 'Out of the Vein.'"
Boston Globe,70,"Treat Ursa Major as an EP, forgetting the second half."
Slant Magazine,62,"Ursa Major isn't Third Eye Blind's crowning jewel, but it's a welcome return to form after such a lengthy hiatus"
The Guardian,60,"The formula is dependable and timeworn but ultimately successful, as Third Eye Blind follows the paint-by-numbers blueprint with stunning efficiency."
Paste Magazine,60,"Dotted with spry little riffs and Jenkins' pseudo raps, Ursa Major is a slick but heartfelt disc that packs pleasure even if you're not Nineties-nostalgic."
Filter,58,"Third Eye Blind's fourth album and first since 2003--shows that frontman Stephan Jenkins' way with a hook has dimmed little since the band's mid-'90s heyday. The clunky lyrics are another thing."
Billboard,40,"One cant help wish for less social commentary, and more hands-in-the-air/ feet-in-the-moshpit bangers."

PopMatters,91,"When the dust settles around the closing notes of The Bachelors outro, 'The Messenger,' its clear that Wolf has achieved that rare artistic feat: total catharsis. And a beautiful batch of it, at that."
musicOMH.com,90,"The Bachelor's overall tone reflects a nihilistic view of both romance and humanity, making for an about-face from the relative sunshine of 2007's 'The Magic Position,' and this tone is reflected in some of Wolf's most ambitious, baroque compositions to date."
Observer Music Monthly,90,"A rousing vessel in which Wolf has finally had the chance to channel his newfound zany confidence into his most extravagant and captivating record yet."
Q Magazine,80,"Wolf's music has always held itself in reverence of a wild, untamed Mother Nature; and while The Bachelor is less organic and unfettered in its sonics than, say, the snap and crackle of Wind In The Wires, its message--to preserve all the things a broadband connection cannot provide for us--is clearer than ever."
The A.V. Club,80,"Richly textured electro-pop teems with flamboyance and sees Wolf come over like a cosmic Martin Fry."
Alternative Press,80,"The power of this album comes from the mystifyingly cohesive blend of piano ballads, orchestral choirs, heavy metal, and completely danceable electronic."
Hot Press,80,"Its a ravishing production, and with a companion disc promised next year, feels like a fresh start for a brilliant career."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Never cheaply manipulative or sentimental, The Bachelor is Wolf's most ambitious album both sonically and thematically. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
AllMusic,80,"Daft, complex, and beautiful, it's also his best yet. [Jul 2009, p.133]"
Billboard.com,80,"Wolf, ever so self-aware, makes The Bachelor's most intimate moments its most powerful ones, where the frivolity stops and the artist reverts to his eccentric, idealistic nature."
Slant Magazine,75,"Listeners who are not acquainted with the idiosyncratic vocal stylings of Wolf's Britpop predecessors (think of Bryan Ferry, Dave Gahan and especially Morrissey) might find his singing too over the top to take seriously. The way Wolf sees it, though, very serious topics require very dramatic treatment."
Rolling Stone,71,"There's little here in the way of cohesion, but Wolf demonstrates a nuanced affection for his craft thats easy to appreciate."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The Bachelor is a thoughtful record whose greatest flaw is only that its overthought (though to the fans obsessive enough to fund it, thats probably a bonus)."
Rock Sound,70,"It's all gloriously indulgent--Wolf is one kook who should never try to resist his own kookiness."
The A.V. Club,70,"Wolf has often stated that he has no allegiance to styles when it comes to recording, but The Bachelor feels most alive when it's wallowing in its own dusky ruin."
Slant Magazine,70,"The Bachelor is quite a journey with a clear direction and theme. Wolf is going through an inner struggle and seeks to find a resolution."
Sputnikmusic,65,"While The Bachelor is not a bad listen, it takes a little more energy to understand than seems fair for what it delivers."
Drowned In Sound,62,"The Bachelor most damningly lacks the charm attendant with any of those character descriptions, continuing Wolf's ability to please one's inner music critic, but too often ignoring any sort of pleasure principle."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The Bachelor sounds like another attempt by Wolf to perfect something that he got pretty much right on his first album."
No Ripcord,60,"The Bachelor is the work of a hugely fertile imagination, skipping from the aforementioned Celtic folk to electro to glam, but one wonders how much more affecting Wolf might be if the grand passions were calmed down a little, the musical magpie impulses restrained a tad. For now, he's a little too much of a good thing."
Uncut,60,"The Bachelor has more than a whiff of a histrionic West End musical confined to a primary school assembly hall which means it's 10 out of 10 for effort, but for execution..."
Under The Radar,60,"Theres talent here, but it seems Wolfs spent so much time devising a plan to smuggle abstraction over the pop barricades that he neglected to pack the payload."
Q Magazine,60,"His fourth album is a buzzing, overblown concept piece about psychic warfare, in which sheer force of will conquers icky stuff like depression and homophobia."
Lost At Sea,60,"The London-based compulsive hair-dyer follows 2007's soulful breakout 'The Magic Position' with the luxurious sounds of The Bachelor, the first half of a double album to mixed results. [Sep 2009, p.108]"
Los Angeles Times,55,"Patrick Wolf still engenders a puzzling and sometimes fascinating discussion about romanticism and pretension and authenticity and songwriter worship, but whats disappointing is that he seems to no longer be a part of that discussion, simply the subject of it."
Paste Magazine,50,"Where his previous records felt vital and exciting, The Bachelor often sounds staid and predictable."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"If you open your album with a song, 'Hard Times,' which rails against the mediocrity of the modern world, it might be worth ensuring it isn't the only tune out of 14 that sticks in the memory. [Jul 2009, p.105]"

Rolling Stone,80,"Hot Mess is a complete success and shows that the band could possibly grow past the comedy and become something else entirely."
AllMusic,80,"We also love to party and this third effort from Cobra Starship screams party right from blast off."
Urb,77,"If you don't finish this part record a hot mess, then you probably didn't have a good time."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Only a music fan obsessed with the rules of authenticity and the requirements for lyrical profundity could find fault with the 11 odes to overload that make up Hot Mess."
Pitchfork,70,"Hot Mess is flush with other stupid-smart highlights, including 'Pete Wentz Is the Only Reason Were Famous.'"
musicOMH.com,70,"Hot Mess has everything you hate to admit you love about Cobra Starship. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
The Guardian,60,"Sometimes the former Midtown singer's snark falls flat, as with the title 'Pete Wentz Is the Only Reason We're Famous' or the part where the singer brags about his ass. But Saporta does have some pop gifts, apparent on the disco 'Living in the Sky With Diamonds.'"
Dot Music,40,"Theres only so much nudge-nudge, wink-wink you can take before you want to shove a sock in the dudes mouth. On the bright side, they stand a good chance of scoring a few top-40 hits with this dreck."

Boston Globe,91,"'Perpetual Motion Machine' is about fish who wish they could walk so they could find out how it feels to fall down, and 'Whale Song' bemoans Brock's metaphorical uselessness as it demonstrates his capacity for beauty."
Spin,83,"So while it doesnt exactly have the cohesive through-line of Modest Mouses epic full-lengths, No Ones First still captures solid energy from a band riding a long-ass peak."
Alternative Press,80,"Growing more comfortable with their talents, maybe theyre learning that you dont always have to work so hard and worry so much. Sometimes, you can just float on."
cokemachineglow,80,"These supposed table scraps left off their previous two albums, Good News and We Were respectively, run a gauntlet that finds the band revitalized, lively and tremendously wonderful."
PopMatters,75,"Beyond the banjo-brushed lullaby 'Autumn Beds' and the laser show-ready 'The Whale Song,' it's a bumpy ride. Bless them for never being boring, though."
Mojo,72,"Given its years-spanning tracklist, No One's First obviously has a retrospective flavor, but it also seems to point the way ahead for Modest Mouse, if only to suggest that the band will continue moving in opposite directions--backwards and forwards--all at once."
AllMusic,60,"This collection of B-sides, recorded over the past few years, is way more put-together than Modest Mouses previous rarities comps, Building Nothing Out Of Something and Sad Sappy Sucker. But it lacks the carefree charm of Isaac Brocks pre-success indie rock experiments."
Rock Sound,60,"The Whale Song may offer a solitary crumb for old skool Micers to nibble, but unfortunately this EP will not offer much else."
Billboard.com,60,"As a collection of odds and ends, No Ones First is a necessarily disjointed album. Its alternately disappointingly simple and refreshingly unique from song to song, torn between country, radio rock and classic Modest Mouse."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Boring when they're not acting out, but too jarring when hitting their groove, Brock and company are forced to toe a finicky line between normalcy and absurdity."
Spin,48,"Each of these eight leftovers can be divided into rote, by-the-numbers Modest Mouse rock jams and meandering pseudo-experiments that feel, uncharacteristically and disappointingly, like nothing more than filler."

Alternative Press,75,"Just as Pernices novel filters his own experiences through a fictional character, so this album is one or two steps removed from a direct expression of self."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's not essential Pernice by any stretch, but as a soundtrack to the novel, it works just fine, and its relaxed charm makes it worth hearing even if you don't read the book and are just a fan of the man's music."
NOW Magazine,70,"All in all, this is an odd, but certainly not unlikeable, package of songs."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"Its a pleasing reminder that Pernice has a unique gift for articulating that sort of sadness with grace, beauty, and a hazy feeling of self-loathing to which many of his male listeners can undoubtedly relate."
The A.V. Club,68,"If It Feels So Good When I Stop expands his abilities as a writer, it'd be at least interesting to hear a record of his that does the same for his skills as a musician."
PopMatters,60,"The album is a pleasing companion in its own right. [Nov 2009, p.111]"
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"There is no such contrast on this album, nor much of a sense for a distinctive or special musical moment."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"With the original foursome reunited it's as well that Midlife dwells mainly on the music they made together. As a playlist of what Blur were and capable of, it suggests a band with few peers."
Pitchfork,100,"Whatever the future holds, few bands fit as well into their time as the Blur captured here."
NOW Magazine,100,"What's in here finds the band inventive, unfailingly tuneful, and, rather belying the title, mellowing magnificently with age. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
New Musical Express (NME),94,"Despite the cries about careerism, they rarely settled into one spot for long, and even when they were correctly perceived to have done so--about one half of The Great Escape really is a Parklife retread--they were still spreading their collective wings on album tracks and B-sides."
No Ripcord,80,"while Midlife could have used a heavier dose of this side of Blur, there's not a bad track here, and the set also brings their glorious, epoch-creating single 'Popscene' back into circulation."
Slant Magazine,80,"At a safe distance from Britpop's glare, Midlife justly represents Blur as national treasures, as emotionally rich and hungry for progress as ardiohead, only catchier. [Aug 2009, p.116]"
cokemachineglow,80,"That the group could go from the sneering jauntiness of 'Girls And Boys' to the paranoid anxiety of 'Song 2' with no drop in hook-effectiveness is startling in itself; that it managed to continuously and effortlessly navigate th incomprehensible expanse between The Kinks and Brian Eno is an utterly singular achievement. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Whether or not Blur ever record together again, Midlife is a satisfying overview for a band that was a cornerstone of a music scene and whose music is still as vibrant and exciting today as it ever was."
AllMusic,75,"Blur may not have gotten the adulation they deserved in the states during their heyday, but Midlife is a solid move to reevaluate Blurs position in the pantheon."
musicOMH.com,70,"Blur went from wanna-be's ('Popscene') to provocateurs ('Parklife') to artistes ('Beetlebum') to world travelers ('Good Song'), and, rare moments of torpid dross aside, remained fascinating with each mood change."
PopMatters,50,"At 59 and 48 minutes each, with space left to fill on both CDs, the labels lack of curiosity about these more obscure sections of the Blur discography seems negligent."

Pitchfork,88,"Working out of his home studio, Sweet--joined by drummer Ric Menck and multi-instrumentalist Greg Leisz--nails every sonic nuance, buried under cumulous clouds of glorious boy/girl harmonies."
Q Magazine,75,"The result is a skilled and, if you like extremely faithful covers, enjoyable set."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Some might fit a little too perfectly, so close to the originals that there doesnt seem to be much point. But they best serve as reminders about what was so great about them to begin with."
musicOMH.com,60,"The influence of that 1972 double LP can be heard in the similarly homespun production of Under the Covers, Vol. 2 but where Rundgren was open-ended, Sweet neatly ties up every loose end with the care of a pop fetishist, making sure all the harmonies and guitar licks are in place, never adding any untasteful elements."
The A.V. Club,60,"If Vol. 2 feels oddly rote, it'll still be interesting to hear how the pair might tackle the music of their actual contemporaries should they move into the '80s and '90s on subsequent outings."
Uncut,60,"It's a strangely stilted approach on songs. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Pitchfork,60,"It finds the duo moving ahead one decade, though very little else in their repertoire has changed."
AllMusic,60,"Sweet and Hoffss pedigree separates this covers comp from the chaff, which is why people like Lindsey Buckingham guest on their inspired version of Fleetwood Macs 'Second Hand News' and George Harrisons kid, Dhani, on their take on 'Beware Of Darkness.'"
Q Magazine,60,"It's not essential, but it is a sunny delight. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
Filter,50,"As for the album as a whole, Sweet and Hoffs are consummate professionals and they dutifully bring their best; however, they have yet to answer the question of why one should listen to their versions instead of the originals."
Under The Radar,40,"Aside from sime sly gender-bending and lovable kitsch, there just isn't much interpretive room to roam. [Aug 2009, p.105]"
Prefix Magazine,40,"Every new power-pop tune produced in the last 30 years is already a practical cover of these songs, so producing actual covers of them is redundant."

Rolling Stone,80,"The record doesn't particularly sound like anything Our Lady Peace has done in the past, but maybe that is what's so exciting about the quartet's seventh release."
PopMatters,70,"The disc, produced by the band, is tighter, focused, and much more melodic than in the past. While most of it is fiery, some of the best moments ('Signs of Life') recognize that its often as important to glow as it is to burn."
Paste Magazine,70,"One almost gets the impression that the band wanted to test the waters to see if they could still work together without killing each other, and if they couldnt, the only ones affected would be themselves. Turns out, they could, and the result is their most intimate, immediate album to date."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The textures are right but Our Lady Peace remain deficient in hooks and melodies, something that didn't matter as much when their sound boiled with indignation instead of merely simmering, as it does here."
Boston Globe,50,"while the first single, 'All You Did Was Save My Life,' provides some much-needed bite, 'Burn Burn' is ultimately ballad-heavy and one-dimensional."

AllMusic,91,"Combining Motown falsettos and the best of late-'60s groove rock with spacey loops and hipster-art-collective ?sing-alongs, they deliver a sound that's friendly and familiar without being derivative; it's a sort of retrofitted make-out van on a club crawl."
Slant Magazine,80,"The band are able to overcome the production errors through Gourley's elastic vocal counterpoint, bassist Zachary Scott Carothers' pocket-groping lines and licks so gooey they recall a time when Keith Richards could speak in complete sentences. [Aug 2009, p.110]"
Mojo,80,"Rather than indulging the impulse to ride grooves this mellow off into the sunset, the band keeps one eye trained on the meter (most songs clock in under three minutes), while the other drifts off into the clouds, like on the 60s-era antiwar singalong 'People Say.'"
PopMatters,80,"The music is, as ever, varied and interesting. The Satanic Satanist is a guitar-centric album and it is all the better for it, as Gourley has a unique knack for riffs and leads."
NOW Magazine,80,"The Satanic Satanist constructs an exquisite medium between indie music and hard rock."
Q Magazine,74,"Where do these ever-evolving Portlanders go from here? It's anyone's guess, but their latest effort sends them off in the right direction. [Summer 2009, p.106]"
Under The Radar,70,"The result is a (surprisingly) coherent and effective soul-and-funk-inspired album that doesn't try to overstep itself. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Uncut,70,"As a whole The Satanic Satanists is an enjoyable listen with dynamic arrangements that, while they never stray too far from pops narrow confines, rarely sound formulaic."
PopMatters,65,"While it's certainly enjoyable, it's also a bit more generic than anything they've done before."

Sputnikmusic,70,"Sugar Ray can sometimes try too hard to seem younger than their years, pushing the dance beats a little bit too hard, and Mark McGrath relies on some unseemly Auto-Tune, but even with this too-evident aural botox, the group remains a guilty pleasure that's a bit hard to resist."
Boston Globe,67,"Mark McGrath & Co. are back after six years with Music for Cougars, and still churning out affable pop-rock for various beer-commercial activities (beach volleyball, slo-mo water-balloon fights)."
PopMatters,60,"Overall, Sugar Ray sticks to what it does best: helping audiences realize that there's no better alternative to a California fun-in-the sun day at the beach."
AllMusic,50,"These days, of course, the documentary vibe of the band's earlier stuff has transformed into an air of escapism -- not for nothing is one track titled 'When We Were Young.' But that hardly detracts from the crafty throwaway pleasures at which Sugar Ray still excels; in fact, it actually provides a touch of sweetness that helps temper McGrath's innate sleaze factor."
Billboard,40,"A more mature direction for the music seems to be a good next step, since by this point the band is literally declaring an aging target market in an album title."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"On their sixth album they're still turning out pop rock so good-natured it practically gives you a big smile and a fist-bump."

Alternative Press,100,"There's no joke here--just mountains of chest-rattling primal rock designed to reassert the elemental power of the four-piece rock group. Mission accomplished."
Boston Globe,91,"White's drums duke it out with Dean Fertita's guitar, mostly below the belt. Alison Mosshart doffs her s&m drag to suffer and yelp. Jack Lawrence plays bass. Fierce."
Sputnikmusic,88,"The foursome weave a dizzying web of traditions into their own rough-hewn sound, dragging vestiges of alt-rock, punk and blues through the mud to achieve an album rife with brash dissonance."
Billboard,80,"There's no denying the quartet know how to work a mighty groove as well as set up atmospheres similar to bands remanded to the faded pages of old record-collecting magazines. [July 2009, p.126]"
Filter,80,"As you hit repeat to hear Horehound for the umpteenth time, what's remarkable is that these 11 tunes, with their sonic curveballs and causl vim, suggest that a second Dead Weather LP would be almost as welcome as the White Stripes' seventh. [Jul 2009, p.90]"
Under The Radar,80,"While the Dead Weather might not necessarily surpass the accomplishments of its impressive pedigree, its certainly more uncompromising, brutal, menacing, honest."
PopMatters,80,"With Raconteurs bassist Jack Lawrence and guitarist-organist Dean Fertita helping out, the pair cut Horehound in three weeks, but these are all top-notch songs, rooted in Seventies dirtbag rock."
Pitchfork,80,"The debut is by no means a hit-packed record, pop is firmly on the backburner here and thrillingly it's precisely this lack of obvious choruses and instead the bizarre little instrumental interludes, spooky stripped down ballads which build and build and attacking grooves that will have you coming back time and time again to it."
AllMusic,80,"The propulsive 11-track Horehound finds the White Stripes and Raconteurs frontman every bit as able on the drums as he is on guitar."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"The first half of Horehound is just weird enough to be utterly mesmerizing, a series of ominous, fuzzed-out psycho-blues riffs that climax in the tremendous Rush-meets-Jay-Z rave-up of 'Treat Me Like Your Mother.' But creative disintegration floods the record's latter regions with less captivating bump-'n'-grindhouse grooves."
Billboard,75,"The songs on Horehound don't so much rock as writhe, reinstituting the idea of the blues as a sinister, morally corrupting force that's as much the province of voodoo priests and witch doctors as musicians."
Los Angeles Times,75,"The Dead Weather is a true collaboration, with each band member providing songs (along with input into one anothers songs), and this bunch is talented enough to make even the tracks that are all mood sound just about right."
PopMatters,75,"Horehound doesnt sound like the first album from a tossed-off side project; it crackles with the intensity of a band that has been together longer than a few months."
Rolling Stone,75,"Horehound isn't White Stripes tea-party cutesy, and it's not Raconteurs good-times eclectic--it's nothing but riffs and 'tude all the way through."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Given the fact that the Dead Weather formed on a whim and recorded these songs in a matter of weeks, Horehound is a compelling album, and one that shows that the band's members bring out the best in each other, albeit in unexpected ways."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"The tracks blister with attitude and grit, but the persistent monochrome grows a bit exhausting all coughed out at once. The bitter sandstorm could stand more punctuation, even if it did make Horehound less terrifying."
Paste Magazine,70,"This album showcases the fact that every member stepped up to this creative challenge. A thoroughly enjoyable departure until we hear from Jack and Meg."
Alternative Press,70,"Its a maiden voyage with a few kinks that need to be worked out. One promising aspect is Whites new pet project, The Kills singer Alison Mosshart."
Mojo,70,"Her voice simply doesn't have the heft to project the necessary menace. Despite these occasional missteps, though, Horehound establishes the Dead Weather as a fully-realized band with a sufficiently distinctive point of view that deserves serious consideration as more than just a one-off side project."
PopMatters,70,"All-star collective make unholy hot-and-sweaty psycho-blues racket."
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite the speed at which it came together, the album sounds as polished. But sometimes you wish he would reach beyond his grab-bag of influences and push out something with shocks-a-mighty."
musicOMH.com,60,"The Dead Weather is another slightly unsatisfying fling alongside The Raconteurs. [Jul 2009, p.84]"
Billboard,60,"It's the perfect summer album for anyone who was a huge Zeppelin fan in high school. [Summer 2009, p.60]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"As it is, it starts promising, but ends up feeling like the very thing it purports not to be: another calling card for Jack White's multifarious talents."
Pitchfork,60,"Perhaps with a bit more effort converting the jams into actual songs this would have been a worthy jump off as opposed to the album's incandescent highlight. Your forecast then, occasional flashes of brilliance but largely dreary."
The A.V. Club,60,"Its creators will surely insist that theyre proud of their work and thats all the approval they need. All the same, itd probably be nice for them if you could imagine anyone who didnt already like The White Stripes and/or The Kills buying this."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Horehound's strengths are also its weaknesses--the rush with which it came together, the sense that it amounts to Jack White playing to type. But like Jack White, too, when it's good, it's very, very good. [Aug 2009, p.102]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Away from his day job, White is less creatively liberated, and surrounding The Dead Weather there's a very strong whiff of conventional, rather clumpy Middle-America jock rock."
AllMusic,45,"The Dead Weather makes smegma rock. Its a squirming, nauseating label no doubt, but so is Horehound, convinced that skuzzed-up guitars and swamp blues roots demand sleaze, humidity, and grime."

Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Sound may have a slight edge over the originally released version of this material, if only because it's truer to the band's initial intentions, and Dandy diehards will certainly find it worth checking out, but more casual fans who already own Monkey House can probably skip it unless they're looking for an intriguing lesson in the nuances of mixing."
Urb,70,"'Monkey House' was the band's experiment in '80s synth-rock, and with Elavedo's touch, the razor-sharp, reflective edges of the album's space-age cogs are smoothed and rounded, with the bright-hot electro-pop brought closer to loungey funk."
No Ripcord,60,"Unfortunately, despite its improvements, the album still suffers from lackadaisical and unfocused songwriting. Sure, this record is quite a bit better than the one originally released, and kudos to the band for taking the time to prove their point."
Slant Magazine,60,"To non-Dandys diehards, these will seem like small differences. Both albums have great, sometimes danceable pop hooks. But for Warholics, the nuances will be celebrated as re-connecting with their original artistic impulses."
Hot Press,60,"An LP that once raved shamelessly now shuffles, twitchily. [Oct 2009, p.95]"
Observer Music Monthly,50,"The first Monkey House is full of consistently aggressive hook-mongering; this version is all deliberately becalmed jamming and repetition. As a compare/contrast sample, its fascinating; as entertainment, its wearisome for anyone not already committed to the Warhols."

Uncut,80,"It's one of their strongest albums, which is saying a lot for a band who've been workhorses for the past two decades. [Aug 2009, p.106]"
Under The Radar,70,"Even if it's a little less lively, it's still pretty typical Clutch: always heavy, always solid, and ideal background music for driving a semi-truck through a swamp."
The Guardian,70,"While the harsher edges of their previous efforts have been sanded off long ago, frontman Neil Fallon still has a bucketload of fire and brimstone left in his belly and no-one does the possessed preacher man schtick quite like him."
Dot Music,70,"Their most streamlined record in years, Strange Cousins From the West marks a return to the bands more robust sound of six years ago."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Freakonomics proves they still pack a punch, though. [Aug 2009, p.101]"

Q Magazine,70,"He also brings a touch of jazz to the proceedings with hints of smoke and elegance in that voice. The songs themselves are a tuneful lot with nimble musings on love (Heaven Help Me) and the expectations of filling big shoes (Good Enough)."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Melodies? Pretty mushy. Lyrics? A little dopey. Still, props to Loggins for boxing within his weight class."
cokemachineglow,60,"Loggins may indeed come across like a male version on the breezy charms of Colbie Caillat but that means he's pleasant, placid, and likeable which is, in the words of the album's opening song, good enough."
AllMusic,60,"The lyrics are full of romantic turmoil--'I'm devastated with doubt,' he sings in 'Good Enough'--but Loggins' sweet tenor is too easeful an instrument to carry much angst."

Billboard,83,"This is Farrars most consistent album in years, in large part because he no longer seems to be straining so much. American Central Dust shows Farrar in his comfort zone, recording songs he knows his fans will like, and not much caring whether his detractors get on board."
Drowned In Sound,80,"American Central Dust doesn't have the feel of a step into new territory the way Son Volt's past two albums did, but it consolidates old strengths and confirms Jay Farrar is still an artist worth caring about to 20 years after Uncle Tupelo cut their first album."
PopMatters,80,"As usual, singer and songwriter Jay Farrar has a few things on his mind, and his lyrics have grown more plain-spoken and potent with time."
Uncut,80,"There's a back-to-basics feel on the mid-tempo country rockers, the slow beauties and mournful lap steel, and even on the musically warm, more upbeat, almost Tex-Mex opening song. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
The A.V. Club,75,"There's an easiness and directness to these tunes that was missing the last couple of times out, aided by Joe Henry and Ryan Freeland's no-nonsense mix but owing mainly to Farrar's vivid songwriting."
Alternative Press,70,"The energetic players temper Farrar's grave persona--for all the vintage touches, this is a deceptively funky band, as the sultry 'Down to the Wire' proves."
AllMusic,70,"Its all a clear throwback, but the starkly countrified vibe underscores the plaintive cast of Mr. Farrars lyrics."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Seldom uplifting, American Central Dust still reaffirms Son Volt's pinnacle atop today's American roots rockers."
PopMatters,67,"So while the songs that sizzle on American Central Dust--'Down to the Wire,' 'When the Wheels Don't Move'--are of vintage stock, be prepared to sift through some monotonous meandering to find them."
Q Magazine,61,"While American Central Dust falls short of 'Trace's' heights, the album showcases Farrar's excellent songwriting, which is comfortingly familiar. Its also a little monotonous."
Boston Globe,60,"Son Volt may be playing it too safe on American Central Dust, but the songs are still woven together with a feeling of comfort and familiarity."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The song themselves are thoughtful, ambling between folk, country and mid-paced roots-rock. [Aug 2009, p.100]"
AllMusic,54,"This one settles for regrettably generic high-plains fiddle and wistful sighs of pedel-steel guitar. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
Rolling Stone,50,"On American Central Dust, they just dont take that earnest country feel as far as it could go."
The A.V. Club,50,"'Dust And Daylight' showcases Mark Spencer's beautiful pedal steel, while 'Dynamite,' with its doleful accordian, recalls early Springsteen. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
AllMusic,50,"While frontman Jay Farrar was instrumental in defining the alt-country scene, the problem with Dust is that, in the intervening years since Son Volt first rose to prominence, that scene has been bogged down by countless dreary, soundalike albums and an exhausting self-seriousness."
Boston Globe,40,"The 12 songs verge on inert, and singing is beginning to sound like a painful act for him. His lyrics, however, are inspired."
Mojo,40,"Listening to American Central Dust ultimately feels a bit too much like working on an assembly line. [Aug 2009, p.114]"
The Boston Phoenix,37,"Son Volt's label debut, American Central Dust, is some of the sleepiest protest music ever made: Every song saunters by at a slow tempo, Farrar's voice sounds increasingly inexpressive, and John Agnello's production makes everything sound real purdy but lifeless."
Spin,37,"The album's sound is raw, but 'raw,' even in the Americana circles that Son Volt travels in, doesn't always equate with primal power. Sometimes it's just undercooked."

The New York Times,90,"McCombs still has an ear for language and roll-off-the-tongue singing. His voice coats the lyrics like thick warm caramel on this one. Though often obtuse and twisted, McCombs includes some straightforward lyrics, as well, with some political commentary to boot."
Austin Chronicle,88,"There's an underlying transcendence in McCombs' work that acts as pure poetry, but it also can come across as direct storytelling when taken at surface value. [Summer 2009, p.96]"
Entertainment Weekly,82,"Despite the sparser arrangements and increased focus on direct lyricism, it's every bit as aurally hypnotic as his previous work. It seems like he realized there was someone he really did want to sing to."
Paste Magazine,80,"This is an album of long, mysterious love songs to get lost in for days--seek it out."
Billboard,80,"Reflective, humourous and romantic, Catacombs is perfect for those long summer nights ahead. [Jul 2009, p.133]"
Uncut,80,"McCombss well-mannered missives certainly arent cheery, but they manage to stir up disarming warmth nonetheless."
Filter,80,"On Catacombs, as always, McCombs stands as an unfashionable maverick who plays on his own terms, and if that is not good enough for the mindless millions, then tough shit."
PopMatters,75,"Impressively, though, he advocates excavation of the subconscious by invading the listeners own, using songs more indelible than the mind says they have any right to be."
Under The Radar,72,"Whats left, then, is an album thats overlong, but one thats surprisingly easy to succumb to."
Slant Magazine,70,"While some fans of his early work may be left behind, most people who enjoy witty songs with tender emotion behind them will be satisfied with Catacombs and happy with the direction he's headed."
NOW Magazine,70,"Catacombs isnt an exception to or refinement of what McCombs has done previously, just a soft demurral of the singer-songwriter career arc."
Alternative Press,70,"While Eavesdropping On The Competition and Jonesy Boy wont necessarily being appearing on any coffee tables in the near future, they dont feel up to the standard of the other nine songs.
Pitchfork,This is a small complaint because when Catacombs works, it really works, and it mostly really works."
Los Angeles Times,70,"McCombs keeps listeners at arms length with lyrics that would be insufferable were they not couched in such beautiful sounds."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Five albums in, his music finally sounds as threadbare as his chosen eulogy, dropping any evidence of the richer--if still ragged--arrangements that launched his deeply affecting six-track debut. [Jul 2009, p.107"
Filter,60,"Regularly a memorable lyric leaps out--but too often the pared-down aesthetic is an excuse to coast. [Aug 2009, p.96]"

Pitchfork,91,"'Come on children, you're acting like children/Every generation thinks it's the end of the world,' begins the candidly catchy centerpiece of these lost-and-found tradsters' best album."
New Musical Express (NME),84,"Wilco (The Album) adds yet another chapter to the story, and if this band's relevance is to continue going forward, then let the resilent closer 'Everlasting Everything ' score our impending sunrise. [Summer 2009, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"Chicago's veteran alt-rockers haven't sounded this much fun in ages, their seventh album balancing their easy-going and experimental sides."
Boston Globe,80,"Wilco (the album), the band's seventh studio effort, treats verse-chorus-verse basics like holy truths. The result is the rare rock album about acceptance. And it's fantastic."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Like with many good rock records, bits of whimsy, melancholy, confusion, and joy swirl around the songs of Wilco (the album). So while it may not feel as groundbreaking as previous releases, its just as human."
The A.V. Club,80,"Wilco's seventh studio album is a triumph of determined simplicity by a band that has been running from the obvious for most of this decade."
cokemachineglow,80,"Surprisingly laidback new dispatch from uptight country rockers."
AllMusic,80,"Wilco (The Album) is just another wonderful and special reason to know that Wilco, as a band, are an astounding band for all to love-or at least as much as they say they love us."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The band have covered all bases this time; pushing themselves to experiment while still celebrating what makes their music so catchy and compelling."
No Ripcord,80,"If Wilco (The Album) as a whole is considerably less ambitious than its predecessors, it compensates with its easy confidence and craft: it's the work of a band that knows their strengths and knows what they're all about, and it's ready to settle into an agreeably comfortable groove."
PopMatters,80,"Wilco (the album) picks up more or less where 2007s mellow and soulful 'Sky Blue Sky' left off, but subtly expands that records parameters."
Mojo,80,"Its middle-of-the-road, but only by Wilco standards. A worthwhile listen."
Uncut,80,"Wilco continues to reign in their experiemntal fuzz, focusing more on pretty melodies, upbeat toe-tappers and sweet acoustic numbers for their seventh full-length. [Aug 2009, p.115]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Wilco (The Album) is as consummate as anything its author has yet delivered. [Aug 2009, p.97]"
Filter,80,"Everything here delivers the predominant warmth 'Sky Blue Sky' lacked and betrays a sharp ear for melody that has often been obscured by sonic theatrics. [Aug 2009, p.1000]"
Observer Music Monthly,78,"What it lacks in identity, perhaps a statement of purpose locked down by a title, the tightly produced, musically pointed Wilco compensates for in near-total coalescence. Its hope, vulnerability, and fears converse as one Tweedy."
Spin,75,"Tweedy's ability to craft great hooks does make this worth a listen, and maybe the band simply needs a pause to catch its creative breath. Let's just hope the next one isn't called Wilco (another album)."
Boston Globe,75,"Wilco (The Album) finds the band looser and more assertive than they were on their two previous efforts."
Rolling Stone,75,"The band is still good enough to put across (The Album)s later songs, thanks to a buzzy 70s sound that nods to George Harrison here, John Lennon there, and Tom Petty all over the place. But the reaching for something indescribable feeling of songs like 'Deeper Down' and 'One Wing' is sorely lacking amid the pat familiarity of 'Ill Fight' and 'Everlasting Everything.'"
Hot Press,74,"The album is full of thoughtful, artfully crafted lyrics wrapped in memorable hooks that should stand the test of time. Whats missing is the experimentation that was Wilcos hallmark until 'Sky Blue Sky.'"
Delusions of Adequacy,73,"This is not the music of men trying to be cool; it is the work of veterans unafraid to express mature emotions with an appropriate level of musical depth and nuance."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"The band's current six-member lineup, together five years and responsible for 2007's stunning 'Sky Blue Sky,' is its strongest to date--and Wilco (The Album) is as well-rounded an effort as the group has released."
AllMusic,70,"While (the album) tips far more convincingly on the successful end of the scales, there remains the sense of a band playing safer than needs be; a sextet pushing against their limits but never straining outright at them."
Uncut,70,"No one ought to begrudge Tweedy his hard-won peace of mind, but there's less of the emotional, or musical, turbulence here that made for such compelling listening on previous Wilco records."
NOW Magazine,70,"The album rumbles out of the gate with a scruffy exuberance reminiscent of the early tracks of 'Summerteeth,' before finding its way back to the high-end country art rock the band has specialized in since we first found out Tweedy gets bad headaches. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Alternative Press,60,"It doesn't help that Wilco is such a complacent album, so easily redolent of sounds and textures the band has called up in the past."
Mojo,60,"While Wilco (The Album) has its strong moments, it does not have many innovative ones."
Q Magazine,60,"It's well written, nicely produced and tastefully retro, with a few vaguely experimental bits."
Austin Chronicle,60,"The major problem is that this doesnt sound like a band thats pushing itself any more, or at least not making the same sort of pushes that lead to the brilliant sucker-punch of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and the vastly underrated A Ghost Is Born."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Like a slightly under-serving best of, though, we get glimpses of what they've done before, but nothing substantial enough to set a new high-water mark."
The Boston Phoenix,54,"To simply not want to skip tracks isn't exactly saying anything, and certainly not that Wilco has made any kind of return to relevance. But Jeff the person is doing just fine, and instead of chastising this release, let's be happy that the guy who gave us more serious, occasionally harrowing masterpieces such as Summerteeth and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot finally seems to be having some fun. Next time it'd be nice if he let us in on it."
The A.V. Club,50,"Wilco (The Album) isnt a failure--not by any means--but when a band has become so attached to the notion of change and then stagnates, it casts a heavy shadow thats hard to escape."
Paste Magazine,50,"Clearly, this record is boring. Whether or not thats a good thing remains up to your discretion."
Pitchfork,40,"Wilco is a Great Band, if you like stuff thats boring. And a lot of people seemingly do."

Billboard.com,80,"There is plenty of unexpected texture to keep your ears engaged."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Thomas returns with a soaring collection of infectious pop songs that are destined for heavy rotation in 2009 and beyond."
Hartford Courant,75,"Thomas presides over a sleekly produced, constantly undulating mixture of sounds that seems designed to appeal to all of the people all of the time."
Under The Radar,70,"This dogged sense of purpose does result in a tighter, better record than Something to Be and even it's not a lot of fun, it's not meant to be: it's big music about big issues, even inflating personal issues to the universal."
Slant Magazine,70,"The Matchbox Twenty frontmans second solo album showcases all of his admirable middle-of-the-road gifts and offers a glimpse of the possibilities when he explores the more extreme edges."
PopMatters,60,"Cradlesong, his second persistently polite, numbingly polished solo album."
The Guardian,58,"One doesn't look to the Matchbox Twenty frontman for musical daredevilry, but his second solo disc falls too often into the mom-rock safety net."

No Ripcord,88,"With a little luck, this collection of mostly obscure covers could, on a smaller scale, do for Dando what the Rick Rubin-helmed American Recordings did for Johnny Cash."
Dot Music,80,"This sense of adventure ties Varshons to those earliest Lemonheads records, but the group marries that spirit to Dando's exceptionally intuitive interpretive skills, turning the album into a bit of a rough, unpolished gem."
Lost At Sea,80,"Dandos at it again, with a whole album full of mix-and-match covers which comfortably sit just on the right side of bizarre."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Dando misfires when songs don't suit him--Wire's 'Fragile' loses its tension--but this is worth an hour of anybody's time."
cokemachineglow,80,"Whether tackling Broadway showtunes or John Prine, or Simon and Garfunkel, the laconic alt-rocker nimbly transforms songs until they sound like they could be his own. That pixie dust extends to Varshons."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Varshons is an admirable stopgap that proves that there is life in the old dog yet."
Rolling Stone,70,"This is no standards collection and Dando isnt singing the hits. The album is instead a sort of late-career triumph for the Lemonheads."
Billboard,70,"Though it's no breakthrough, Varsons serves as a nice holdover until the new set of material we've been promised. [Summer 2009, p.100]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"For the most part, Varshons is pleasantly predictable, with celebrity cameos (Kate Moss, Liv Tyler) and selections from legendary rakes Leonard Cohen and Townes Van Zandt that practically qualify as typecasting. But the countrified take on GG Allin's 'Layin' Up with Linda' provides a moment of effective shock value, and improbable redemption arrives with the closing track: Christina Aguilera's 'Beautiful.'"
AllMusic,60,"At best, Varshons is a joy forever. Even at worst, its a forgiveable, even likeable, labour of love."
Boston Globe,60,"Its choice of selections successfully reinvent the familiar and/or introduce the less well-known. [Jul 2009, p.104]"
The New York Times,60,"Dando fucks Varshons up just enough to stop it being an actively great covers record--in recent terms The Condo Fucks mighty 'Fuckbook' stomps over it--but not enough to detract from the truth that the thread drawing the successful songs together is the still-beating talent of Evan Dando, non-dickhead version."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It helps to pick the right tune and Dando has good taste, judging Gram Parsons ('I Just Can't Take It Anymore'), Wire ('Fragile') and Townes Van Zandt ('Waiting Around To Die') to be worthy of homage. But that's all this album is, really. Homage."
Paste Magazine,60,"Overall, there is sufficient sun-kissed pleasure on Varshons to extend the patience of Evan Dando-devotees a little bit longer but not enough to surpass past makeover masterstrokes."
AllMusic,60,"Patchy covers album from alt.rock veterans."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Varshons succeeds thanks to an inspired breadth of material. [Jul 2009, p.125]"
The Guardian,58,"Its great to see the notoriously troubled Dando lighten up and give fans a taste of what he enjoys, but itll be better when he can convert that personal passion into something original and enduring."
Boston Globe,47,"The depth and breadth of the tracklist are commendable but often work against the band."
musicOMH.com,40,"This is the real key to understanding Varshon: it cant be a truly cynical attempt to recapture former glory because its too half-assed."

PopMatters,100,"Farm actually bests 'Beyonds' triumphs."
Filter,91,"Farm sounds like the best alt-rock album that 1993 forgot."
Spin,90,"This is one mighty album, one that will tower over others like the green shrubs that tower over the buildings on the cover."
Uncut,85,"As catchy and well-crafted as these songs are, they never feel restricted or overly polished. Each track is given room to grow, stretching into extended intros, impulsive solos, and oft-repeated verses."
Mojo,80,"This is a sound that's utterly unique to Dinosaur Jr., and what's different about them in their reunion is that the group not only realizes their individuality, they revel in it, getting lost in the noise, and it's hard not to get swept up with it, too."
Drowned In Sound,80,"With standards so consistently high, picking further peaks is a tough call but the surging wah squel of 'Over It' and 'I Don't Wanna Go There's' stellar guitar squall also score way up at the top of the scale. [Jul 2009, p.105]"
Dot Music,80,"The solos are majestic and Barlow even contributes a couple of thumpers. Nobody does this better."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Even though Farm may be the album we (should have) expected from Dinosaur Jr., it is still an excellent record that offers a variety of different qualities, while remaining as much fun to listen to as they have ever been."
Hot Press,80,"So, finally, to Farm, which every bit the equal of 'Beyond;' maybe even better."
Q Magazine,80,"Farm succeeds just where Beyond did, by being an absolutely awesome record. If theres one thing that can be taken away from it, its that we can all relax now and let Dinosaur Jr. do their thing."
The A.V. Club,79,"Theyve yet to lose it: Farm comes in a bit longer and countrified than its predecessor, but its also a more muscular and emotional album."
Pitchfork,75,"Frontman J Mascis is more than capable of stirring up a whirlwind of melodic feedback, suitable for heshers of any age."
cokemachineglow,75,"Mascis's unique talents have ossified into a signature, so discerning any difference between this set of tunes and, say, his solo albums of the early oughts or latter-day Dinosaur Jr. albums is tough work. If, to you, that means more awesome Mascis crunchwork, then be psyched, because this record slays, the rocking is sloppy-yet-tight, and nothing on here would sound like a drag if tossed into a setlist amongst older classics."
NOW Magazine,70,"Apparently, you can go home again, and it's still plenty loud and comfortable."
The A.V. Club,70,"Although Farm sacrifices some immediacy and fire for expansive emotionalism and nuance, the album is a solid addition to the Dinosaur Jr. catalog and one whose highlights may prove even better with time."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Dinosaur Jr. set the standard for convulsive indie-rock guitar fireworks in the Eighties. Incredibly, the band's original lineup--guitarist J Mascis, bassist Lou Barlow and drummer Murph--hasn't lost a thunderous step."
Pitchfork,70,"Theres also no denying the power of their bittersweet, socially inept aggression, and the ferocity of their sound on Farm. But, as truly gifted as Mascis is on the guitar and as surly as Barlow is vocally, this is merely Dinosaur fossilised, leaving you hankering for something a little more daring."
AllMusic,70,"Farm, the band's second album since returning, may just be enough to prove naysayers and skeptics wrong. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
Mojo,67,"The last half of Farm starts suffering from verse repetition, slower songs never matching the ballast of 'Ocean in the Way.' Farm does reach beyond 2007's 'Beyond.'"
Uncut,60,"Continues where 2007's sprightly comeback album 'Beyond' left off."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's good to have the definitive lineup back together--and there are thrills galore on Farm--but one can't help wondering if compromise has weakened the group."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It sounds dismissive to say that Farm is, undeniably, nothing more than another Dinosaur Jr. record. Yet it is, and if that assertion carries with any ideas of complacency or stock rock action, it should also denote the superb craftsmenship inherent in Mascis, Barlow, and Murphs work."
No Ripcord,60,"As long as you don't mind working for your alt rock fixes, however, Farm is certainly worth the effort."
cokemachineglow,60,"Farm isn't the kind of Dino record that has a keeper single like 'Start Choppin'' or 'Feel The Pain.' Instead, it boasts some of Mascis' biggest departures under the Dino name. [Aug 2009, p.110]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Here Mascis's guitar playing remains as distorted--and dextrous--as ever, but here his songcraft burns as brightly as his fretwork. [Jul 2009, p.121]"
The Boston Phoenix,49,"At times, Mascis and Co. sound perfectly at home amidst a wall of distortion (see the bouncy, hook-driven 'I Want You to Know'). But for the most part, they sound exhausted."

Spin,80,"Though 'Teflon' boasts Rush-like guitar thunder and violent lyrics (Let the wheels burn, let the wheels burn, stack the tires to the neck with the body inside), the group returns to dark balladry on 'Desperate Graves' and 'Copernicus,' two more highlights from a haunting album full of twilight poetry."
PopMatters,80,"Calling this an unplugged album is useful only in relation to what the group has produced in the past, but what the Mars Volta created on Octahedron will provide them with more range and opportunities in the future."
Rolling Stone,80,"Guitarist Omar Rodriguez-Lopez and singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala are the creative duo driving the band and once again deliver on a standing promise to blow any mind that is willing to stay open."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The panache of the singing, and the radiant complexity of the music--an achievement shared by Mr. Rodriguez Lopez and a handful of regular collaborators, including the Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante--drive the album relentlessly forward. And its the subtle touches, no less than the sweeping ones, that leave an impression."
Under The Radar,80,"its an excellent change of pace for the band, and proves that they can indeed write spacey, esoteric mid-tempo songs instead of...well...spacey, esoteric breakneck songs."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Octahedron is most certainly not a wish for Top 40 stardom, but compared to past efforts by this collective, its probably the surest means of attracting a larger batch of casual listeners without completely rejecting the heady desires of Mars Volta obsessives."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"This is, however, their most mellow, reflective and tempered release yet. [Sep 2009, p.95]"
The Guardian,70,"It shows that for the first time they really can do restraint, without compromising the overall impact of the instances where things are let rip."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"These eight tracks--only one of which stretches past the eight-minute mark!--actually make up the Mars Volta's most consistently compelling slab since 2005's salsafied 'Frances the Mute.'"
musicOMH.com,70,"Octahedron lacks sparkle enough to raise it above previous creative highs--its a recommended affair, at times truly scintillating, but it doesnt quite deliver to the extent where all caution can be tossed to the breeze."
Alternative Press,70,"This might be their reflective effort, but its classic MV."
Q Magazine,70,"We already knew The Mars Volta could shred. Now we know they can slow the pace too and be equally as compelling. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Paste Magazine,70,"Octahedron isnt a representation of the best The Mars Volta are capable of, but it is a glimpse into the power they possess when they better harness their capabilities."
Paste Magazine,67,"The lyrics remain as arcane as ever. Even if you don't totally love the band's new direction, you can bet there's a juicy pretentious concept waiting to be rooted out here."
AllMusic,60,"In the end, Octahedron is a solid album that probably has two slow songs too many."
Boston Globe,60,"Bixler-Zavala is no Maxwell; he's more about sharp pain than voluptuous ache. By the end, he invokes Gordian knots alongside a fractallike Omar Rodriguez-Lopez guitar solo. Dude sounds like he's back home again."
The New York Times,60,"Octahedron is something of a new beginning for the band. It's uneven, sometimes clumsy, and a bit incomplete-sounding. But in spite of itself, the Mars Volta sounds exciting again."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Is Octahedron the band's best album? No, but if you dig on MV's unrepentantly 'big' and meandering suite-driven concept-album thing, you won't necessarily be disappointed."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Octahedron  will appeal to elderly prog fans immune to attention deficit disorder, who have the patience to let its charm gradually unfold. [Aug 2009, p.111]"
Mojo,60,"Octahedron bucks the band's trend for obfuscation, though; conventional song structures are very much in evidence, while its relatively trim 49-minute running time is on par with some of Mars Volta's more involved live jams. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
musicOMH.com,60,"As ever with The Mars Volta, there are enough flashes of brilliance to make up for the wearying material elsewhere. [Sep 2009, p.86]"
Spin,50,"This is a band that excels when its sing-alongs double as freak-outs; on Octahedron, theyve largely ditched the chaos in lieu of an admirable, albeit unsatisfying, experiment in being quiet."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Octahedron is the sound of a band treading water."
New Musical Express (NME),42,"Nothing on this album surprises me because anyone who has listened to this band regularly has become so steeped in pointless oddity that they have moved past surprise into the realm of mild annoyance."
Under The Radar,30,"'Cotopaxi' and 'Desperate Graves' are the Volta's most straightforward carbon-burners since Frances the Mute's 'Cygnus ... Vismund Cygnus' yet lack structure and memorable hooks, while the introductory ballad 'Since We've Been Wrong' soars closer to the Eagles than Led Zeppelin."

Tiny Mix Tapes,89,"Yorn's signature cigarette-stained drawl plays over some of his most personal lyrics yet, indicating he's ready to reclaim his role as talented brooder after treading water in relative obscurity the past few years. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Entertainment Weekly,83,"The beauty in these half-laments proves mixed feelings can be as haunting as concrete ones."
PopMatters,75,"The singer-songwriters poignant lyrics get lost in the same tempo and sound found in his past three albums, offering us songs that lack distinctiveness and originality-and all were left with is a shallow perspective on Yorns troubled soul."
Rolling Stone,70,"With help from Rick Rubin and Bright Eyes producer Mike Mogis, Yorn has found his voice on Back and Fourth, a mostly acoustic beauty recorded in Omaha, Nebraska, with musicians heard on Conor Oberst's Saddle Creek label."
Slant Magazine,60,"The bulk of Back and Fourth is more insular, though, serving as Pete Yorn's personal therapy rather than his audience's ear candy."
Pitchfork,60,"It seems Yorn has found his sincerity again....Yet Fourth has its fair share of missteps, most of them coming when Yorn abandons coarseness for a milky, lukewarm production."
Alternative Press,60,"'Social Development Dance' is an accurate representative of Back and Fourth as a whole--an introspective, guitar-driven effort that's worthy of praise, despite some minor missteps."
Q Magazine,50,"Yorns lightly rusty voice and yearning way with a chorus are, alas, outgunned by his plodding lyrics."
Uncut,50,"Yorn will always have plenty to offer and be palatable at worst. However, his moments of genius are too soon abandoned for monotony."
The A.V. Club,40,"Most of these ten tracks, though, make Jason Mraz sound daring."

Paste Magazine,91,"The tunes are consistently fetching, and a few standouts have clever lyrics."
cokemachineglow,90,"Regina has basically mastered everything else too; it's hard to see her making a wrong move anytime soon."
Austin Chronicle,88,"The fables and fantasy lives they depict are rendered in fairly understandable terms. Yet Far still shows the range that Spektor can travel within her dreamy world."
Austin Chronicle,83,"playing the freak also makes her blissfully unself-conscious, and that can be contagious. Nothing's more heartfelt than 'Wallet,' an ode to a stranger who lost his."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"A couple of tracks--'Machine' and 'Human Of The Year'--never quite crawl out of the shadow of their high concepts, but Far otherwise cements Spektor as an artist comfortable with her own eccentricities, and beguiling in her ability to bring listeners into her strange, tempestuous, and often beautiful world."
Paste Magazine,82,"With her third Sire album, the deliciously attractive Far, Spektor again shows how original she is, finding the gleam in modern life with its contradictions and confusion in a uniquely colloquial manner."
Rolling Stone,80,"Tired of her peculiar singer-songwriter pop being a fringe taste, the Russian-born New Yorker's gone for the commercial jugular, polishing her strangeness with help from ELO's Jeff Lynne among others."
AllMusic,80,"Far snuggles between her previous efforts, linking the heady sweep of 2003's 'Soviet Kitsch' to the roundabout pop treats of 'Begin to Hope.'"
Slant Magazine,80,"Far is a bright and gratifying listen; one that doesnt aim at ideas above its station or flounder in search of unity."
Billboard,80,"Far is her best album yet, and while it's a long way from early works such as Soviet Kitsch or 11:11, it perfectly illustrates the evolution of a woman who's becoming a truly great artist."
The A.V. Club,80,"Far matches 'Kitsch's' rococo flow with the follow-up's pop smarts."
PopMatters,80,"It is worth repeating that Far takes everything Regina Spektor has done in the near ten-year span of her career and mashes it up to perfection."
Spin,80,"Every song on this--her fifth--album sparkles with intelligence."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"This is an adventurous, joyful album from a major talent. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"She's making a bid for the mainstream, even recruiting ex-ELO mainman Jeff Lyne to her corner on five tracks, including grandiose highlight 'Human Of The Year,' a three-minute distillation of the album's overriding facination with religion. [Aug 2009, p.104]"
Los Angeles Times,74,"Her new environs are distinctly different to the basement recordings of her past, but the friends she brings along preserve some of the intimacy and spontaneity of the dramtis personae that earns her the adjective, 'Spektorian.' [Summer 2009, p.91]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Far, her new album, will likely be criticized for its continuing drift towards the centre."
The A.V. Club,70,"While some of Far covers ground Spektor's already gone over, she's essentially doing what she does best. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Billboard.com,68,"I was surprised that it holds up well to close scrutiny--in spite of my reservations, the album is well performed and crafted, with a surprisingly mordant thematic unity touching on mortality and the soured promises of childhood--but Im still bothered by its anonymity."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"While Far is far from bad, it doesn't quite live up to expectations, either, based on all the talent involved in making it and how fully Spektor expressed herself on 'Begin to Hope.'"
Spin,60,"Here she leaves behind the flaky-as-adorable posturing long enough to salvage Far from its role as capricious sideshow, and so, too, long enough for listeners to get a glimpse of the songwriting talent that lurks beneath the peculiarity."
Dusted Magazine,60,"She's always interesting; for all the nonsense, Spektor is a writer with something to say."
musicOMH.com,60,"Frankly it makes our blood run cold with images of Sunday supplement purgatory, Spektor trading soft-focus licks with Katie Meluah from out of suburban glove compartments for decades to come. Thankfully the reality is nowhere near as bad as that."
Rolling Stone,60,"Far goes some distance to halt a slide into mere radio-friendly pleasantness, though."
Prefix Magazine,60,"'One More Time With Feeling's' dynamics shift and her lyrics are vague, but carry a heartfelt sentiment. Far has too little of this and winds up being a mixed bag."
NOW Magazine,49,"No less than four producers--Mike Elizondo, David Kahne, Jeff Lynne and Garret Jacknife Lee--contributed to the album, and their collective efforts have resulted in a mid-tempo muddle of pseudo-lovely tracks plagued by a hovering cloud of meddling strings, slappy drums and perfunctory triangle chimes."
Mojo,48,"Unfortunately, all this talent behind the boards often feels like a waste because of Spektor's inability to let her songs stand on their own merits without the persistent interjection of vocal curlicues or verbal flights of fancy."
Q Magazine,40,"Throughout, there's an ungainly combination of the leaden and the jaunty. [Aug 2009, p.102]"

Filter,91,"Its merely an excellent companion to Hoods recent work with his regular band, with several songs--including the Springsteen-like 'Pollyanna' and the smoldering guitar workout 'Walking Around Sense'--ranking with his very best."
PopMatters,91,"Hood is too inclined toward dark-side thoughts and the world too inclined toward dark-side realities for the newer songs to come off complacent."
Under The Radar,82,"With redneck-underground country, slightly detuned minor-key Southern rock, grungy Crazy Horse-indebted lopers and Stonesy rockers, theres a little of everything Hoods done so far, plus a few dashes of discovery."
cokemachineglow,80,"Presumably it's not enough for Patterson Hood that he fronts one of the best rock bands in America--Murdering Oscar shows him stepping into an equally impressive solo career, but when the songs he's set aside for himself are this good, you can't blame the man for wanting to share."
AllMusic,80,"This is, all on its own, a great record."
Slant Magazine,80,"Murdering Oscar is all about connecting with the past, as Hood cuts loose with old and new bandmates, crafting tender paeans to his new wife and daughter, dusting down childhood memories against a backdrop of roughhouse blues, swamp-country and slow Southern soul."
The Guardian,76,"Nothing here totally upends what we already know of Hood's talents via the Truckers, but it does serve as a supplementary  capsule capturing how he ticks."
Dot Music,70,"Although most of the songs on Patterson Hood's second solo album predate the existence of Drive-By Truckers, they'd easily fit on any of his band's records--same low-life characters, busted dreams, and black humor, rendered in solidly gothic Southern rock."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The album mixes the hard-nosed character studies he writes for Drive-By Truckers and more personal, guardedly hopeful songs. It juxtaposes his brasher, more cynical younger self with his current role as a husband and father."
No Ripcord,70,"The appearance of Hood's dad, legendary session man David, gives parts of Murdering Oscar--even within the Southern-rock storm and Hood's charcoal vocals--a sweet, possibly unprecedented sense of tranquility."
Paste Magazine,70,"Featuring contributions from most of his DBT's bandmates as well as his father, legendary Muscle Shoals bassist David Hood, highlights include 'Pollyanna,' 'She's A Little Randy,' and 'Walking Around Sense.'"
Pitchfork,55,"The playing on the album is strong throughout, and unfortunately the lyrics dont quite pass muster. Though Hood acquits himself nicely, none of the songs rank near the top of his considerable artistic output."
Uncut,40,"Devoid of the brawn that makes the Truckers so powerful and without a complementary voice off which to bounce, Hood's songs fall into a folksy rut."

The A.V. Club,90,"This is crushing, calculated and catchy, light years beyond the three-chord snarling if Dalle's past. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),83,"Dalle makes Spinnerette a showcase for her ability to trade styles with equal facility, from clipped, rocking new wave (the uber-catchy 'Geeking,' with its throwback double-tracked vocal) to the grungy closer ('A Prescription For Mankind.' which hosts an experimental secret track)."
Paste Magazine,80,"It sounds like the album Courtney Love might have made had she not spent periods of the past decade blitzed to the back teeth. Which is a (very) good thing, by the way. [Jul 2009, p.132]"
AllMusic,70,"Spinnerette also feels a bit overcooked at times, possibly because of the long time it took to make. At its best, however, Spinnerette shows what Dalle can do outside of the Distillers' context, and suggests that maturity and life after punk rock can actually be fun."
PopMatters,70,"Where her former act just made sneering grunty fight-punk, Spinnerette have proper tunes, proper lyrics and proper choruses. Marriage to two proven master songwriters has probably helped. But whatever, it's a positive move."
Uncut,70,"Decent stab at Queens Of The Stone Age rawk from Mrs. Josh Homme."
Pitchfork,60,"The spirit is no less raucous, but there's a new-found propensity for the anthemic and melodic that balances out the grunginess."
Spin,60,"Familiarity breeds contempt, and Spinnerette makes its strongest statements when flobbing a big loogie onto the grave of past endeavours, not when laying out fresh blooms at the side."
The New York Times,60,"Spinnerette sees the former Distillers leader at the head of a band not dissimilar to that run by her husband, Josh Homme. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
Billboard,50,"Proving itself far more shallow than its deepest waters can attest to, Spinnerette is admittedly half of interesting project. However, it is also half of a bloated but ultimately empty mess."
Under The Radar,40,"We feel like we got sold herbal E and it didnt even get us stoned."
Prefix Magazine,27,"She shows greater range than expected, but the clatter of Johannes' busy production too often obscures her charisma and renders her odd punk melodies sadly lifeless. She's better than this perplexing project."

Slant Magazine,91,"The likes of 'Little White Lies' (lost love as spirit death), 'Straight Into a Storm' (found love as rock and roll life), and 'Song About a Man' (grandpa) translate perfectly into their long-diddled dialect."
Alternative Press,80,"Taken for what it is: strong folk leanings, with a sweet country shuffle, delivered with some of the best lyrics of the year, they all make for one brilliant combination."
The A.V. Club,80,"From its swampy backwoods grooves to its alpha-male protagonists, Born on Flag Day is a fundamentally, rivetingly nostalgic album."
Q Magazine,80,"McCauley's time might just have arrived."
AllMusic,70,"By sacrificing grit, some of the charm that made the debut a success is lost along the way, but the sleeker production is only a minor setback and some of the songs onboard are Deer Tick's best thus far."
Dot Music,70,"McCauley sounds no less lonely, staring down abandonment and death in gentle waltzes and country-rock rambles."
Hot Press,70,"Mr. McCauley is a committed formalist and a defiant singer; he loves hating himself, and hes thorough about it. His band mates (Andrew Grant Tobiassen on guitar, Christopher Dale Ryan on bass, Dennis Michael Ryan on drums) smartly give him room to gasp, but maybe hes got a future without them as a Nashville songwriter."
The Guardian,70,"Born On Flag Day is sure to be slightly damned by Deer Tick's earlier success; it's no radical step forward, but McCauley was already on a good path. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"As deft revivalists of country in all its forms, the four guys in Deer Tick are entitled to wallow. Luckily, though, their second album delivers doses of pop buoyancy."
Uncut,67,"Unlike 'War Elephant,' which resembled an indie bands stab at country, Born On Flag Day suggests a headlong dive into the canon, with little irony and varying results."
PopMatters,67,"I want to stress one last time, post-catch, that these arent terrible songs, nor do they add up to a terrible album. But the net effect is nevertheless one of tedium and disappointment, a partial reminder of 'War Elephant's' potential instead of an attempt to realize it."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"McCauley writes within genre, embraces its trappings, and emerges with completely acceptable results."
Pitchfork,60,"His alt-country songs bristle with classic influences form Gram Parsons to John Fogerty to Steve Eerle. New dog, old tricks. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),58,"The band is not exactly daytripping here and there is a great fervor in what they do, but the fruit is not quite ripe. [Summer 2009, p.102]"
Delusions of Adequacy,53,"Deer Tick's primary shortcoming is that the band evokes authentically gutty music from the past without noticeably inserting much of themselves into the equation, achieving superficial mimesis and comforting recognition while failing to put their own stamp on their creations."

PopMatters,90,"Battle For The Sun takes the best elements of thier sound and focuses it into a cohesive listening experience--there's no filler to be found. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Uncut,80,"The result is Placebo's best album since 1998's magisterial 'Without You I'm Nothing.' [Jul 2009, p.97]"
AllMusic,80,"[The albums final track is] a satisfying conclusion to the bands best album since 2000s Black Market Music."
Rolling Stone,80,"Producer David Bottrill (King Crimson, Tool, Muse) gives Battle for the Sun a lean, sharp sound, stripping away a lot of the synthetic weight that bulked up the group's last few albums."
The New York Times,67,"The band has made records more appealingly outr than this one. Raise the freak flag higher, dudes!"
Under The Radar,65,"The threesome, along with Tool-producer Dave Bottrill, deliver a brightly focused, 13-track collection that hard-core fans will pan and newbies will adore."
Spin,60,"Battle for the Sun, the band's sixth album and first with drummer Steve Forrest, is given a steel-reinforced production by David Bottrill, a sound that could conceivably be placed on mainstream rock radio if that format still existed, or if it were used as a vehicle for something else than Placebo's music, which remains resolutely pitched toward a niche audience, no matter how many little frills of horns or farting synths grace their guitar grind."
The A.V. Club,60,"The album may revive the band's career in North America, but for many of their loyal fans it will come as a major disappointment."
cokemachineglow,60,"Its true that in parts Battle For The Sun, Placebos [sixth] studio album, will give the open-minded/easily-fooled aspartame butterflies in the stomach, methadone iris dilation and nicotine-patch heart tremors."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The bulk is what Placebo term 'hard pop': lean, muscular movers shot through with melody. As unfashionable as it may be to say so, there aren't many bands that do it better. [July 2009]"
Q Magazine,60,"A heavier take on their gothic moan-rock."
Filter,60,"Battle clearly illustrates efforts at sounding new, and undecided listeners may wonder why those efforts bore sweet moments with little resonance, a sugar pill for Placebos new era."
Pitchfork,50,"Lacking lyrics as memorable as 2006's 'Meds,' Battle for the Sun is heavier but duller, with the gap between Molko's spindly melodies and the fatter, newly Americanized riffs widening."
Alternative Press,50,"Too many songs are full of bombast and bland angst, as if these smart guys know better but can't help themselves."
Mojo,40,"Battle For The Sun feels hazy, lazy and lost--a muggy summer afternoon. Predictable lyrics grate awkwardly like manufactured pop-factory produce, while a nice helping of sunshine-synth and sighs paint a chirpy celebration of life and all its hand-clappy beauty. Meh."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"The band utilise new instruments--saxophone, brass and more--in a too-blantant attempt to convince us that they are more than goths. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Trouser Press,34,"They've jettisoned just about anything that ever made them perversely enjoyable."

Entertainment Weekly,91,"On his third solo album, the thematic focus is intense enough to ignite kindling."
Paste Magazine,90,"There is no way that anything Im about to write regarding Rhett Millers self-titled solo album will adequately convey the way harmony and heartache meet with sharp wit, sweet woe and sly wordplay over a magnificent mixture of power-pop hooks, harder-rock riffs and tender folk ballads to perform the musical alchemy currently streaming from my speakers."
AllMusic,84,"While it might be an uncomfortable state of mind for the musician, it makes for some compelling tunes here."
musicOMH.com,80,"Per usual for his solo work, he's made his strongest set yet."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"On this fine self-titled set (produced, as was the most recent 97's album, by Dallas-based Salim Nourallah) Miller works his familiar mixture of '60s-pop jangle and alt-country twang, singing about the highs and lows of love like someone who just experienced them for the first time."
Q Magazine,75,"If Rhett Miller only intermittently generates excitement, its because after 2002s wonderful 'The Instigator,' Miller seemed bound for more lasting rock glory. Instead hes settled comfortably into the minor leagues, reliably scattering the kinds of hits that still turn scouts heads."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"It's an ambitious album that finds Miller really stretching himself as a songwriter, but it's hard not to wish there were more songs like the nervy 'If It's Not Love' on board to help the medicine go down."
PopMatters,70,"He sounds like a pro here too, turning in uniformly high quality performances, but without much thrill or excitement."
Spin,60,"The signature '97's twang takes a backseat to finely tuned pop songs. The downside? It falls short of going anywhere new musically. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Rolling Stone,59,"Like much of Rhett Miller, and unlike much oft-unctuous power pop, it's music seemingly made to softly impress rather than outright inspire."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Miller has the voice to support the songs and the talent to write a whole sturdy catalog of them. But with the bravado and confidence hes shown in the past, the problem is one of volume. With so much to say, much of Rhett Miller feels muted."

Uncut,91,"Beneath the disheveled exterior is an ace storyteller with a Raymond Carver-esque gift for mapping out the troubled contours of a characters life with a few well-chosen details."
Pitchfork,83,"For a principled slacker like Snider, diffidence is an aesthetic principle, but here it tends to obscure some affecting little songs."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Playing to Sniders considerable strengths at playful familiarity, Was keeps the flourishes to a minimum, pulling the vocals to the fore and dropping the rest back in the mix. Though the sidemen are illustrious (Jim Keltner and Greg Leisz for Gods sake) they arent here to show off, but rather to advance the man at the centre. It all works beautifully."
PopMatters,80,"Todd Snider relates his hilariously heartbreaking hard-luck tales with a deadpan sing-speak delivery while superproducer Don Was gives the scrappy bar-band arrangements a glimmer of studio-pro warmth."
Paste Magazine,80,"Excitement Plan--like its author--is full of hope, realism, humor and just enough crazy to weather the storm."
Rolling Stone,80,"Todd Snider's compressed story-songs are so vivid and knowing that they seem completely plausible, even the one on his new album voiced by a piece of discarded junk mail that dreams of being a tree again."
Billboard,80,"Like Robert Earl Keen, he has a way with a punch line and the frat-boy fans to prove it--they're gonna love 'America's Favorite Pastime,' which recounts the 1970 no-hitter Dock Ellis pitched on LSD. The rest of us will admire 'Bring 'Em Home,' a spirited call to get our troops the hell out of harm's way."
The A.V. Club,75,"It's a lively, beautifully individualized collection of observations about the perplexing journey that is life on Earth."
AllMusic,70,"It's unrelentingly grim, relieved only by Snider's dark humor."

Slant Magazine,80,"Here and Now is good enough that you can't help but wish Holsapple and Stamey cut another album before they start getting their Social Security checks."
Alternative Press,75,"Still, for all the sophisticated, melodic pleasure to be found on Here and Now, a comfy old shoe of an album, one could be forgiven for occasionally wondering whether things might achieve just a touch more frisson if Holsapple and Stamey surrendered just a little to the temptations of that sharp-edged sound of yore."
Pitchfork,70,"Their first full-length collaboration since 1991's stellar 'Mavericks' is a beautiful set of grown-up pop, meshing Holsapple's emotional directness with Stamey's headier approach."
Prefix Magazine,60,"While the disc is slowed by a few bouts of inconsistency, the foundation on which Holsapple and Stamey have long built their work (a tremendous sense of melody, almost familial harmonies) is ever-present here, suggesting that the pair remember what made them great, and that audiences will too."
The A.V. Club,60,"Holsapple and Stamey cover a lot of ground on Here And Now, but the common element is the glorious melodies and natural harmonies that can only be borne out of decades of musical partnership. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),58,"The long-awaited hERE aND nOW falls victim to the pair's hokier tendencies."

PopMatters,70,"The Blackout thunder and squall through a batch of songs that deal with the usual topics of heartbreak, betrayal, isolation, and frustration with romance and society and have a familiar sound (sweetly sung vs. rabidly screamed vocals, heavy riffing, cavernous drums, and great walls of processed guitars), but generally have a fresh and vigorous feel that keeps things hopping throughout."
Billboard,60,"This record sounds like Story Of The Year if they weree from the UK--energetic pop-hardcore that's ultimately a bit on the fogettable side. [Jul 2009, p.122]"
Paste Magazine,40,"Sticking to the formula followed by fellow Welsh emo posers Lostprophets and Funeral For A Friend, the generic metalcore verses and overblown choruses are all present and correct."
Rolling Stone,40,"Best In Town adheres to its authors' trademarked, if confused, formula of generic metalcore verses, gratingly incongruous pop choruses, borderline misogynistic lyrics and gags that presumably sounded far funnier in the studio. [Jun 2009, p.119]"

Spin,100,"New Again feels focused and sure; the band sounds confident despite yet another lineup change."
Los Angeles Times,91,"On New Again, the emo survivors manage to reinvent themselves as mainstreamo shredders."
AllMusic,90,"New Again leaps forward as the best album of Taking Back Sunday's career to date."
AllMusic,80,"They have produced another solid album that cements their reputation as one of the most genuinely affecting and consistent bands in the current scene."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The group may still rely on catchy vocal refrains, but the growth of Lazzara's songwriting has made its fourth effort a brisk, enjoyable outing."
Spin,80,"The result is an impressive but super slick collection of post-hardcore floor-fillers that's increasingly more 'post' than 'hardcore.' [Jul 2009, p.117]"
PopMatters,70,"Such obvious imitation [of U2] isnt good strategy; it diminishes well-made songs. Taking Back Sunday is better off merging its old blurted troubles with its new attention to detail."
Under The Radar,70,"This large, cavernous sound camouflages the lingering emo elements which largely surface in the angst-mining lyrics, as well as the occasional bellow, and even if this lack of stridency may alienate some longtime followers, this gleaming pop-punk makeover is the band at its most immediate and easy to enjoy."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Frontman Adam Lazzara's temper tantrums sound more sore- than full-throated, but they still freeze blood for short stretches, while the revolving choruses are as enormous and polished as Boeings."
AllMusic,50,"The song's arena-ready polish extends throughout New Again, but it doesn't stave off the forced melodrama of songs like the angsty 'Lonely, Lonely.'"
Alternative Press,50,"Emo pin-ups milk last moments of glory"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Lean and timeless sounding, it's also as truthful as Everett's sobering autobiography, Things The Grandchildren Should Know. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Q Magazine,80,"The garage rock is fun, but the mesmeric admissions of loneliness and failings make this one to return to."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Its Es lyrics that are the true, bitter joy of this record, sacrificing nothing of their wit in pursuit of heartbreaking, heartbroken directness."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is a beautifully crafted, stripped-down recording, showcasing once more that E uses searing honesty and a canny sense of pop, rock, blues, and everything else to chronicle his own strange path through life and its labyrinth."
Alternative Press,80,"What truly counts here is persona and with E casting himself as dog in heat, eager to reach a scratch that he just can't itch, the end result is yet another facet to a continually engaging and truly unique artist."
PopMatters,80,"The theme is relatable, and relevant because it encompasses more than that one side of desire we all expect to hear about. This exploration and focus is what held together Eels 1998 masterwork, 'Electro-Shock Blues.' It does the same here."
Billboard,80,"Hombre Lobo: 12 Songs of Desire is another record that hones and refines what it means to be Eels. Mark Oliver Everett continues his daring and heart-baring, and we continue to be the better for it."
Q Magazine,70,"The album somewhat loses its steam halfway through, only because the flow starts to feel too predictable."
The New York Times,70,"Everett's songwriting hasn't always kept pace with his musical and literary ambitions. But these tales of frustrated desire are vividly sketched, with the Eels delivering muddy roadhouse rockers."
AllMusic,70,"It's hard not to wish that there were more remnants of his earlier studio-nerd genius; there's the twist-beat and buzz-bass of 'Lilac Breeze' and the plod of 'Tremendous Dynamite,' but there's no build to them."
Spin,70,"This emotional rollercoaster of an album has a few cleverly disguised cliches similar to 'emotional rollercoaster' embedded in the music and lyrics."
Rolling Stone,70,"The sound is deliberately barren. The guitars never quite fill the space, and the drumming (credited to Knuckles) often has the mechanized indifference of drum-machine tracks."
Hot Press,70,"Each track contains elements that sound similar in combinations of tone, texture and melody from previous records, so this album is not necessarily a knockout. However, the bands artistic hybrid is delivered with a fervent honesty and steeped in an emotional intensity that may make it sound a lot like other Eels material."
Mojo,70,"This record is still pure E--invigorating in its obsession, desperation, vulnerability, and brilliance. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
The Guardian,60,"The gentler E distances himself from his lycanthropic alter ego, searching for Ms. Right backed by a familiar arsenal of winsome melodies and elegant string arrangements."
Uncut,60,"Theres nothing on Hombre Lobo (Spanish for werewolf) that couldnt be constructed by breaking down the DNA of the previous six Eels albums and repiling the strands up in some melodically fresh but warmly recognisable way."
AllMusic,58,"Hombre works best when it fully embraces its titular beast: 'Fresh Blood' finds excitement in a brooding groove, and rattles when Everett literally howls. Unfortunately, those are exceptions: The rest of the album just isnt cohesive enough to entice much repeated listening."
Dot Music,55,"Theres something oddly sweet about how completely out of step Eels are with trends and genres, something nourishing about how secluded their music has become. Shame, then, that it must necessarily also be so exclusive."
No Ripcord,50,"Hombre Lobo is much more effective when Everett keeps things one-dimensional, as in 'Tremendous Dynamite,' a deliciously fuzzy blues-punk rave-up in which he describes being 'on the prowl for a restless night,' and 'Beginner's Luck,' a jubilant ode to the boundlessness of new love."
Prefix Magazine,46,"It would be too easy to dog Hombre Lobo as a case where going back to the well leads to diminishing returns, but the problem is just that Hombre Lobo is too easy."
PopMatters,40,"Though doubtful it was crafted for such a purpose, Eels's latest is simply not much beyond a forgettable earful for a lazy Sunday listen."

Rolling Stone,80,"What makes the live performances of Grace Around the World so worthwhile is the fact he never sang any one song the same way twice."
Boston Globe,80,"All three discs come together with fun, scrapbook-like packaging to pull off that rare reissue home run--when a boxed set functions as a perfect introduction for newcomers and a worthy addition to any devotee's collection."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Grace only had 10 songs, and though it seems tiresome to sit through multiple live versions of 'So Real,' the title song, 'Hallelujah' et al, it's not. [Aug 2009, p.118]"
The New York Times,70,"It captures him as a working musician, pushing his first album hard, trying to get his name and music known, not caring about anything outside of the moment--all things that offer a potent, stirring reminder of Buckley's power and grace."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Any addition to his tiny catalog is notable. But this live DVD/CD set is more than barrel scrapings."
Under The Radar,60,"With the plethora of posthumous Buckley releases, one might think this another attempt to market a legacy. But none could argue Buckley's strength as a live performer, and the tracks here are fine documents. [Summer 2009, p.71]"
Spin,35,"While the whole package is marketed as a 'love letter' to fans, true followers will quickly be able to sniff out its inferiorities. If anything, this latest selection from the dwindling Buckley vaults subverts his talents and ultimately insults the same hardcore fans it's aimed at."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Assuming they havent all grown up by now, Manson fans will adore every dark, juvenile flourish. For the rest of us, The High End Of Low serves as a cautionary tale of artistic regression."
The A.V. Club,80,"While it's still easy to dismiss his shock tactics as puerile and insensitive (if you're gonna sing about someone 'pretty as a swastika,' they'd better be really ugly), he hasn't sounded this vital--and tuneful--since 'Mechanical Animals.'"
cokemachineglow,75,"'High End' makes a deeper impression as a result of Mansons reunion with longtime guitarist-bassist Twiggy Ramirez; together with producers Sean Beavan and Chris Vrenna, they sculpted a sound both harder-hitting and more finely detailed than on any previous Marilyn Manson record."
Los Angeles Times,70,"While most of the album is a fine return to form, there are a few sour spots that are worthy of an eye-roll or two."
Pitchfork,60,"Manson the man at least seems re-energised here....The same cannot always be said for his band; their limp glam metal consistently threatens to undermine the performance. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
Slant Magazine,60,"This album marks the return of former bassist Twiggy Ramirez to the band, but as ever the Manson personality/persona towers over everything else, and his two or three musical ideas are repeated throughout the disc, with only a few exceptions."
PopMatters,58,"Musically, the new tunes mostly evoke warmed-over Nine Inch Nails crossed with mediocre '70s metal, and occasionally, the results can be fairly satisfying."
Billboard,50,"The best moments come in the ballads like the blues-tinged 'Four Rusted Horses.' In such songs Manson is almost endearing, just a big melancholy dude with face paint. It's a less glamourous job title than Anticrist Superstar, but these days it suits him better."
Mojo,40,"Perhaps the only interesting thing about Manson's latest record is the couple of anomalies hidden within."
AllMusic,40,"While this isn't a bad album--and Manson diehards are likely to enjoy it quite a bit--there's the sense that it may be an unwanted one."
Rolling Stone,20,"The Marilyn Manson blueprint holds fast, and all the familiar elements are here. The difference is that even Manson sounds unconvinced by his 'antichrist superstar' persona; maybe because his target demographic have grown up and moved on."

Under The Radar,80,"A big part of the energy of Dave Alvin and the Guilty Women comes from the musicians, and while some might think Alvin might be aiming for novelty factor by recording with five women, one listen will wipe those thoughts from your mind."
Pitchfork,80,"The performances are so strong throughout that one can only pray this collaboration turns out to be more than a dalliance."
Hot Press,80,"Dave Alvin and the Guilty Women proves, the stuff Alvins packing now can be just as powerful."
Spin,80,"The exuberance and delight in the newness and rightness of it all is captivating. [Jul 2009, p.107]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"It's all hugely engaging. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
PopMatters,60,"Sounds like everyone has a ball. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Q Magazine,40,"All that talent still adds up to a disappointment filled with gauzy arrangements and magnified by Alvin's rare lackluster vocals."

AllMusic,80,"The combination of vaulting pop glory and damaged, fractured insecurity has seldom been done better since the early days of Sinead O'Connor. [Apr 2009, p.87]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"English songbird Polly Scattergood entrances, disturbs and impresses with her debut self-titled album."
Rolling Stone,70,"At her best, like on the slow-burn opener 'I Hate the Way,' the lovelorn Xanax and sambuca anthem 'Other Too Endless,' and the rousing single 'Nitrogen Pink,' she successfully bridges the gap between teen pop and adult alternative rock, but when she gets stuck in the confessional too long, the results are more indulgent than powerful."
Dot Music,70,"A bit melodramatic, but undeniably compelling, Scattergoods work has already drawn comparisons to Tori Amos and Kate Bush."
musicOMH.com,60,"While it sometimes does become a bit too overwrought, those people who found Tori Amos' vignettes so compelling will find much to love here. It helps as well that there's a light pop touch on many of the tracks."
The Guardian,60,"Performed alone at the piano, Scattergood's debut would be nearly unbearable, but the widescreen production of soundtrack specialist Simon Fisher Turner goes a long way towards taking the edge off her sixth-form Plathisms and dignifying her emotional melodrama."
AllMusic,60,"Not an easy listen, but a brave, bold debut. [Apr 2009, p.99]"
Billboard,60,"What she lacks in lyrical maturity, she makes up for in heartful conviction, channelled through a voice that's by turns sweet, savage and gut-wrenchingly vulnerable. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"Beyond threatening suicide and playing coy with whispered vocals, Scattergood fidgets with the bad girl/innocent child dynamic, the juxtaposition of which is just tired enough to bear obvious, but still creepy, dividends."
Mojo,60,"Overall, though, this open-hearted and engaging record boasts enough memorable moments to suggest that Scattergood has a promising future ahead of her."
Uncut,53,"For the moment, cherry-pick the highlights from this album, and cross your fingers for her sophomore release."
Q Magazine,40,"It's a well-made, well-polished piece of material. But she ruins it by painting a wacky overcoat over something that was probably fine in the first place."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Scattergoods voice is the star, but it can be utterly distracting, a vessel for an expressive, prolific writer who may be too afraid of the revision process."
Uncut,40,"The occasional slow track turned power ballad and the single quirky pop tune are not nearly enough to rescue this record from the depths of the depressing ditch it dug itself into."

Billboard,80,"The songs in between are the exploration of the journey from that dark, quiet beginning to that beautifully indulgent conclusion, and boy are there some twists and turns along the way."
AllMusic,80,"Further mystical adventures from grunge-era Kate Bush."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Her 12th studio release, Abnormally Attracted to Sin, finds her in full command of her expanded arsenal, creating an overall sound that's as psychedelic as it is classic."
musicOMH.com,75,"Sometimes her brains get a little too big for her Bible. But when she's banging on her piano over layers of lush electronics, she's got the rapture part down."
The Guardian,75,"A 17-song steam trunk of an album, the new collection strikes a canny balance between Victorian-inspired decadence, mythical pathos and arch camp."
Mojo,70,"Occasionally vague, sometimes incohesive and a little self-indulgent it may be, but ultimately Abnormally Attracted to Sin is an abnormally attractive piece of work, and another fine example of the shining talent that is Tori Amos."
Q Magazine,70,"But even with its bloated running time, Sin is more thematically satisfying and sonically adventurous than anything Amos has recorded in years."
Slant Magazine,67,"The big problem: Abnormally Attracted To Sin is 17 tracks long, and a lot of it could have been left on the cutting-room floor....The remaining 10 or so songs are a reasonably memorable, inspired collection that would have made a pretty great album by themselves."
PopMatters,60,"Abnormally Attracted To Sin turns out to be a collection of tracks that simply doesn't work as a whole because it can't properly be listened to in one go. Pity, for somewhere in amongst it all Tori proves that she's still capable of producing a storming album."
Pitchfork,60,"Amos doesn't record as much as most artists, and it must be tempting to give fans everything she can, but in this case, it's hurt her a bit. Still there, are many tracks here worth adding to one's Amos shelf."
Dot Music,60,"Abnormally Attracted To Sin is a long haul, but among these 18 songs ate some of the best Amos has written. [Jun 2009, p.123]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Musically, the 17 songs here are mostly dark and sweeping, Amos hesitatiing to provide the big melodies to latch onto, rather roping the listener in with a feelinga and entrancing with her lyrics. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
Urb,50,"Unfortunately, these hook-starved arrangements tend toward a static brand of ambient cabaret, which makes Amos' lyrics easy to tune out. Too many little earthquakes, not enough seismic jolts."
PopMatters,50,"The result is a set of prog-inspired balladry with less bounce than her last disc."
Hot Press,40,"Abnormally Attracted to Sin is, by quite some distance, her weakest album yet."
Billboard,40,"Toriphiles will be delighted to find a generous 76 minutes of songstuff here but the less committed might never get past the veritable encyclopedia of tortured vocal affections that blight the stodgy opening track. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Toris 10th refuses to gel into anything illuminating. [Jun 2009, p.83]"

Los Angeles Times,91,"At his worst, Lewis can be a wise-ass scold. At his best he's a vulnerable master of the humorously ineffable and a tribute to the humanism of a SUNY education and the Lower East Side."
Drowned In Sound,90,"All of these are very good tunes, but it's the heartfelt content at the album's thematic core that makes 'Em Are I not just Lewis' most consistent album, but also his most truly affecting and easily his most successful outing to date."
Slant Magazine,80,"The uptempo tracks are invigorating with their harder guitars and drums, and Lewis' humor abounds, but his slower, softer, acoustic songs are the standouts."
The A.V. Club,80,"If perhaps before Lewis's music had a tendency to be swamped by small-print, here the songs know when to step back, to give way to a catchy chorus or a hummable riff."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's to Lewis's credit that he can credibly convey the romantic notion of hopping on a Greyhound while also moaning about the leg room."
AllMusic,80,"On the evidence of 'Em Are I, he should buck up: he sounds like an artist really coming into his own--vast suppurating wound where his heart used to be or not."
Q Magazine,80,"On this one, there are wonky backup vocals, trashy-sounding drums, disgustingly distorted guitar solos, vaguely off-key horns. You get the sense that Lewis, also a talented comic-book maker, does whatever the hell he wants, and it totally works."
Under The Radar,80,"The result is a brilliant modern singer-songwriter record, full of wit and musical variations. [May 2009, p.100]"
Spin,78,"Now 'Em Are I, arriving in the wake of connubial catastrophe, comes chock-full o' rat-clever rhymes and tinny triple entendres that could've been titled Systematic Death (of the Heart)."
Rolling Stone,70,"Lewis' strengths are primarily lyrical. The musical arrangements, though good enough not to distract, tend to disappear into the songs."
Sputnikmusic,70,"'Em Are I is an abandoned puppy of an album that you can't help but take to heart."
Mojo,70,"Jeffrey Lewis has stepped in to chronicle the detritus of the human condition for his amicable fifth full-length album."
Uncut,70,"He offers soem new aspects, as well, most notably the refined production techniques, which give the album a warmer, more polished feel."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"He also lightens his fifth album with sweet, sincere interludes."
AllMusic,70,"For the most part, however, 'Em Are I sees Lewis's idiosyncratic appeal not just present and correct, but polished by well-placed hooks and memorable melodies."
Billboard,63,"So 'Em Are I is a frontloaded album. But anyone who ever bought a Sebadoh record despite really liking only Lou Barlow's songs should still consider checking it out."
Drowned In Sound,60,"When it works, it doses oso brillantly--but the preponderance of bog standard indie rock elsewhere is sadly less engaging. [May 2009, p.89]"

Observer Music Monthly,90,"21st Century Breakdown is even better, so masterful and confident it makes Idiot seem like a warm-up."
The Guardian,88,"It could have easily gone any of several wrong ways, but Green Day's punk has long since been tempered with pop's most attractive attributes, and 21stCentury Breakdown, like its predecessor, is unapologetically accessible and relentlessly exhilarating."
NOW Magazine,88,"Its musical and lyrical themes recur without fuss, and each track has its own strong identity that speaks to but isn't weighed down by the larger (and beneficially looser) narrative."
Mojo,83,"Green Day took small steps out of its comfort zone on American Idiot, but Breakdown finds the band going bolder, mixing in elements of mariachi ('Peacemaker') and klezmer ('Viva La Gloria!'). Still, the band members never spend too much time away from their bread and butter: heavily melodic punk."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Bold, ambitious and revelling in the chaos of the age, 21st Century Breakdown is another perfect document of our times. [Jun 2009, p.114]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"More remarkable than the variety and risk-taking pursued by the band are the melodies themselves."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's a state of the union address, an apocalyptic protest album. It also sounds phenomenal."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The band manages to have 21st Century Breakdown work on a grand scale without losing either their punk or pop roots, which makes the album not only a sequel to 'American Idiot,' but its equal."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Were left with a sprawling, obvious, uber-commercial, stoopid punk-pop album that might just stop five million American idiots from voting for a war-mongering Republican baby-slaughterer when they grow up. Works for me."
Spin,80,"The album is a call to arms for the digital age, and 20 years into its career, Green Day's ambition continues to dazzle."
PopMatters,80,"Green Day's latest is a collection of powerful songs worth waiting nearly five years for."
Pitchfork,78,"While the third and final act charges toward resolution with supreme fury, 21st Century Breakdown ultimately gets caught between panic and fledging promise."
Uncut,75,"Give credit where thrashing, three-chord credit is due, however: No matter how arrested their style and subject matter, Green Day remain remarkably good at high-blast anthems that burrow directly into the pogo-ing, lizard-brain id."
Rolling Stone,70,"21st Century Breakdown is far from a bad album, and, like Idiot, will likely be the best release this year from such a popular band."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"As a thinker, Armstrong isn't always comprehensible or original, but he knows how to communicate his frenzied thoughts enjoyably."
Los Angeles Times,70,"While the disc does get bogged down with a little too much force-feeding of the Christian and Gloria characters (just like Idiot's Jimmy and Whatshername), it's a safe bet that the listener will come out the other end having largely enjoyed the last 70 minutes and 18 tracks."
The A.V. Club,60,"Armstrong's anti-establishment shtick has lost some of its impact. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Q Magazine,60,"Like its predecessor, 21st Century Breakdown delivers less than it promises; its more successful as a rock album than as a rock opera."
musicOMH.com,60,"Armstrong, bassist Mike Dirnt, and drummer Tr Cool push Idiot's conceits even further on 21st Century Breakdown, a slick, class-obsessed, 70-minute, 18-song, three-act cycle that trades Bush-era indignation for Obama-era resignation."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"If it seems a little less bold, a little less surprising than its predecessor, you still wouldn't bet against 21st Century Breakdown repeating its success."
AllMusic,60,"The story is hard to follow, but after a few listens the bands rallying cries take shape."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Such quality care is evident throughout most of Breakdown, and, as such, individual moments positively glisten, even if the widescreen view of Breakdown feels a bit muddled and confused, the whole actually being less than the sum of its parts."
Billboard,60,"Melodic pop-punk is the point, after all, and on that level its a success. Even with a muddled message, credit is due for the ambition it takes to vent these modern frustrations and break free from the shackles of verse-chorus-verse."
Hartford Courant,50,"I don't like right-wing Christianists either. But as every oppressed teen in the right-wing orbit knows full well, they're not as garbled and simplistic as Armstrong's anthems insist."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Bloated, culturally inconsequential and decidedly average, the net result is a band getting far too high on an over-inflated sense of self-importance to the deafening chimes of cash registers the world over."
Entertainment Weekly,48,"The performances are blandly professional, because any major-label rock band of Green Day's abilities could shit this stuff out in their sleep, and emotionally inert. This is the crafting of a modern epic as a dreary day-job routine."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Instead of idling into wry balladry of the later works of their obvious idols The Replacements, which would have suited Green Day well, they've affected the airs of Serious Artists. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
Boston Globe,40,"It is overbearing, pretentious, huge, and begrudgingly catchy, but most importantly, it unveils a band without direction."
Alternative Press,40,"Maybe if you've heard one Green Day rock opera, you've heard them all. Anyone who owns American Idiot probably won't need its lesser twin, and those who steered clear won't come groveling for forgiveness."
Mojo,30,"Mostly, the overkill of professionalism just makes me yearn for the early Green Day material I grew up with: sloppy, abrasive, and most importantly, aware of what they can and can't pull off."

Trouser Press,89,"Consider the Meat Puppets' Sewn Together its 'Young Frankenstein.'"
Spin,80,"The appropriately named Sewn Together finds 50-year-old Curt Kirkwood and his 48-year-old brother Cris Kirkwood crafting mongrel music as fine as anything in the band's catalog."
The Guardian,80,"They have shed their gormless, drifting amateurism and turned themselves into a classic American pop band. [Aug 2009, p.109]"
NOW Magazine,75,"It is a dramatic improvement from the first (2007s 'Rise To Your Knees') and a satisfying recapturing of the past."
PopMatters,75,"After all is said and done, the Meat Puppets have succeeded in making an album that maintains their iconoclastic reputation, but mostly just rocks."
No Ripcord,70,"Sewn Together suggests that the Meat Puppets are following their bliss again, and if it's not quite up to the standards of their classic material, there's no question that it reconnects with the qualities that made them so special."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"At their best, the Meat Puppets tackle swampy rock, erratic punk, boisterous country, ruminative folk, and seedy psych with equal authority, all while instilling a surreal scent of the desert."
Dot Music,70,"Meat Puppets 2.0 is a more polished, less accidental venture than the original, which isn't necessarily a drawback."
Pitchfork,70,"While its not the glorious shambles we were hoping for, theres a feeling that no matter what rehabilitation they go through, thankfully theyll never lose those magic battle scars."
Uncut,61,"So Sewn Together is gently rustic, occasionally (a bit) heavier than you might expect, and ready for any adult-leaning-but-alternative-friendly playlist. It's also pretty bland, and at worst banally melodramatic in ways that suggest the unfortunate arrival of the Meat Puppets power ballad."
Sputnikmusic,60,"If this was a bands debut album, it would be a nice, pleasant first shot. But with the knowledge of what came before, too much of it sounds toothless or neutered."
Slant Magazine,60,"Sewn Together is as winningly tuneful as it is raggedly charming. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
Lost At Sea,60,"The second album of their third coming aims for the spontaneity of the early recordings, pushing those buried melodies to the surface. [Jul 2009, p.93]"
Austin Chronicle,50,"Although the band remains on an independent label--oddly enough, Megaforce, which wouldnt have touched anything this psychedelic and mellow back in its own heyday--theyve chosen to continue on in a similar 90s-nostalgic vein."

Boston Globe,90,"They have done many good, verging on excellent records, over the past decade, but only this has the songs and the atmosphere to be placed next to their best albums."
Q Magazine,80,"The collection presents Big Music on a manageable scale, and even if the songs reference fire, water and sky, the long-running Aussie quartet forgoes the kind of sonic grandiosity such subject matter tends to invite."
The A.V. Club,80,"The album is at once sparse yet warm and layered, lush and thick lipped, engorged with beauty. The Church have proven yet again they are masters of dreamy and dark rock, prolific and inventive."
Prefix Magazine,80,"22 albums later, the Church give us one of their very best--meticulously wrought, mildly hallucinatory musicscapes marked by an unrepentant infatuation with fantasy and dreams, serendipity and fear, melancholy and hope."
AllMusic,75,"Minor quibbles aside, Untitled #23 finds The Church doling out sonic pleasures with masterful restraint."
Hartford Courant,70,"The Church are still producing at a high level, and Untitled #23 is a must for anyone who's followed them this far."

Slant Magazine,100,"Isiss four previous full-lengths have clear story arcs, but Wavering Radiants themes are open to interpretation, giving it added appeal. Close to perfect."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Whether trading in power chords or atmospheric overlays, the band excels at transforming emotions into thrilling sounds, palpable awe, and tangible dread. This is metal played at its arresting best."
Pitchfork,90,"As snobbish as that may sound, you have to lose yourself in Wavering Radiant to hear and feel the big picture."
No Ripcord,85,"Easily the band's most accessible effort, hipsters and headbangers will likely agree it's also their most intricately imagined."
Mojo,80,"Wavering Radiant works as a single piece of music rather than a series of songs, and it is cohesively played by an ensemble that is more interested in the dark majesty of metal than its potential for expressing anger."
Uncut,80,"Songs are still suite-sized, but this is the toughest and catchiest Isis record since their 1999 debut full-length, 'Celestial.'"
PopMatters,80,"To attempt to rank Wavering Radiant within the Isis discography is to miss this point. Fans of earlier releases will likely be disappointed but if this record proves anything, it's that Isis are a fully-functioning organism, slowly moving towards something not yet known by the listener and perhaps not even the band themselves."
AllMusic,80,"There are still the Cro-Magnon howls and monumental riffing matched against maudlin post-rock workouts that you expect from the Californian five-piece, but the songs seem more considered, focused and, well, catchy than before."
Hartford Courant,80,"The output of Isis, a Los Angeles band often filed under the subcategory of post-metal, upholds a deliberative truce between brute physicality and moody rumination. Wavering Radiant, the groups impressive new album, satisfies both sides in a way that suggests a balance of prior achievements."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It probably will never be regarded in the same light as Isiss first three albums (the older a metal band gets, the better their early albums become in the minds of fans), but Wavering Radiant exudes a level of grace that could only come from true masters of the sound, further proof that while they played a large role in setting the template, they also reserve the right to reshape it whenever they damn well please."
PopMatters,80,"Its a proper album, in the sense that a divide is made at four of seven, the title track a segue between halves  its makers clearly bear download culture little respect, constructing their latest so that its best experienced as a whole, bridging arrangements as vital as the blustering bombast and constitutional inflections of grandly designed standout pieces."
The A.V. Club,80,"Wavering Radiant is a testament to ISIS ability to stare into the face of adversity, unflinching, and deliver one of the finest albums of its career."
Pitchfork,80,"Though the length of the songs can prove to be daunting, the album is arguably one of Isis' finest moments. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
NOW Magazine,80,"This is perhaps the first Isis album since Oceanic that both demands and inspires repeat listens. It might very well be Isiss best work to date. At the very least, Wavering Radiant affirms that we still have good reason to follow the band's every move."
Slant Magazine,80,"Wavering Radiant is strong enough on musical merit that decade-strong devotees deservedly ought to join new converts in welcoming the latest Isis album into the world."
No Ripcord,76,"All of this should read like the ingredients of a truly brilliant album. And perhaps on vinyl it is, but the mastering of Wavering Radiants digital format is atrocious, as heavily brickwalled and distorted as Metallicas criminal 'Death Magnetic' (2008)."
Pitchfork,75,"Some bands use studio trickery like an instrument, but Isis' straightforward tools avoid baroqueness even when the band is throwing deep."
AllMusic,60,"Its testament to their power that an average Isis album is still pretty good."
Spin,60,"If the too-often twinned strands of listener preference can be unwound, hopefully it will be remembered as the most-heard Isis album, not the greatest."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Only the very dedicated need apply. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
The Guardian,60,"Theirs is a sophisticated, finely nuanced sound, lynchpin Aaron Turner's vocals notwithstanding. [Jun 2009, p.88]"

The New York Times,91,"The original sound of 'The Way' has been greatly cleaned up here, and a few songs endings have been elongated slightly."
PopMatters,90,"So if the first disc of Enter the Vaselines is absolutely essential, the bonus disc is for fanatics only."
Drowned In Sound,81,"Enter the Vaselines serves as a timely reminder of the old ways we found music: for Cobain, one dreams, as a record in a bin somewhere, and for the rest of us, a recommendation from a friend, a cassette loaned around like a dirty one-hitter."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"With their dirty mouths and pretty faces, pop perspicacity and knack for making a bloody racket, there's no question the Vaselines were worth rescuing from obscurity."
Alternative Press,80,"Anyone who owns the 1992 Sub Pop compilation The Way of the Vaselines might be thinking there's nothing for them here, but beyond the re-mastering adding significant depth to Dum Dum (the difference it's made to the EPs is negligible to my admittedly rather damaged ears) there's also a second disc of previously unreleased material."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Here, they sound polished and crisp, which is a remarkable change from other issues of these recordings. Presumably the band is happy sounding this way, but it often feels a little too clean."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Now, 17 years removed from the original stateside release of the bands music, this expanded reissue (buttressed with an additional disc of decent live tracks and a few cool demos) gives an entirely new generation of pop fans an excuse to dive into the groups music."
cokemachineglow,80,"This collects all that, plus demos and live tracks, into a demonstration of how a fabulously obscure Glasgow indie group became one of the most influential of their time. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"For an encore, Sub Pop delves even more deeply into the vaults on Enter the Vaselines, collecting a trio of nascent demos and a pair of live gigs from the bands canon for a bonus disc, while giving the original EPs and LP a sorely needed remaster."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"For those of you who already own 'The Way of the Vaselines,' this 2009 upgrades imperativeness to own is strictly based on your own personal allegiance to the music of Kelly and McKee."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"So much of the music here  stripped-down mixtures of pop and punk, with a Big Star emphasis on the pop side  merits a listen or two, its forgiveable that youd get some redundancy in this completists collection."

Q Magazine,73,"While Lees preachy lyrics often feel forced and rarely reach beneath the surface of the issues, the man known for homespun sing-alongs retains his catchy strumming and perfect blend of sweet and funny musings, making it difficult not to root for him."
Uncut,70,"Lee pulls it off--and has fun with the earnest sermonizing while he's at it."
The A.V. Club,70,"He overreaches on occasion, but more often pulls off the sort of trick he manages with 'Families Cheating at Board Games,' merging faith and offbeat, cerebral underpinnings to forge quirky slivers of fresh perspective."
AllMusic,60,"While this may not equate to cool, there is something infectious and unwaveringly hopeful about it."
cokemachineglow,40,"Lee's cutesy folk and piano pop leaves us cold. [Mar 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,40,"Even if Lee's songs of solidarity are basically sweet in nature, his puppy-dog earnestness winds up being off-putting in the long run on The Rebirth of Venus."
Drowned In Sound,30,"Amid spoken-word interludes and I'd-like- to-buy-the-world-a-Coke-style choirs, only Lee's innate melodic gift saves him from total embarrassment."
Prefix Magazine,30,"Were the central conceit not so half-assed and Lee's lyrics not so shallow, Venus might qualify as actively misogynist in a way that could be interesting to engage and dissect. As is, the album is simple to an annoying, tiresome degree."
Dusted Magazine,20,"There's a winning way with '70s soft-rock chord changes, but his staggering lyrical banalities makes most of this virtually unlistenable. [May 2009, p.89]"
Uncut,16,"The Rebirth Of Venus, his seventh full-length, offers a more direct kind of terrible."

Under The Radar,80,"Music For The People is a record that brims with weighty ambition. [April 2009]"
PopMatters,80,"That's the problem with social realism, but the Enemy do their best to vary their sound and mode of address."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Widescreen return from Jam wannabes."
Paste Magazine,60,"There's no escaping the fact that a good chunk of Music for the People trundles along facelessly, unredeemed even by singer Tom Clarke's dedication to the cause."
Boston Globe,60,"Ambitious and heartfelt, Music For The People is the sound of a band caught between rock and a hard place. [May 2009, p.111]"
Hartford Courant,60,"The Enemy's trademark enormity--not to mention their rampant tunefulness--lifts this out of the ladrock morass. [Jul 2009, p.86]"
PopMatters,50,"The Enemys second is weighed down with pomp and bluster."
Alternative Press,40,"As ponderous as Music for the People can be, it does have some forward momentum, and its an undeniable improvement over 'Well Live and Die in These Towns.'"
AllMusic,40,"While there are still a couple of Jam-like snarlers on album two, the aping of Oasis more bloated days sinks things quickly."
Spin,20,"Clarke is a genuinely talented songwriter, if rather earnest in his intentions, but in Music for The People he and his mates seem to have lost the plot."
Slant Magazine,20,"Despite the so-called grandiose statements of intent such as strings, pianos and soul-trained female backing vocalists, this is simply a case of mutton dressed as lamb and those lambs eventually being slaughtered."
Uncut,20,"The truth is most of this new record is karaoke, too--it's just that, like their fans, the band are so desperate to mean something that they have the gall to call it 'new'."

The A.V. Club,90,"Yes is a super-concentrated hit of everything there is to enjoy about the Pet Shop Boys: danceable yet everyday pop, with irony behind the warmth and warmth behind the irony. One of their best."
Mojo,83,"The hooks on Yes are as smart as Tennant's mouth, and on tracks like 'Pandemonium,' the disco's so primal, you could smash your bone china to the beat."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"For the first time in years, Pet Shop Boys sound thrillingly modern. The songs, too, are the finest in years."
Hot Press,80,"In the grand, elegiac 'Legacy,' singer Neil Tennant delivers what's either a farewell kiss or simply a cheeky end to the most thoroughly heartfelt chapter in the pair's 25-year story."
The Guardian,80,"It sags mid-album, but the Brits won't demand a recount."
Q Magazine,80,"It's the same PSB sound--huge electronic hooks wed to archly recited lyrics. The only difference is almost every track here is a potential hit. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
Uncut,80,"Ultimately though, the credit for the triumph of Yes is Tennant & Lowe's. While Xenomania bring a confidence and focus, the big choruses and nagging melodies are present throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Pet Shop Boys have been deeply entrenched in their sound for several albums now. They're practically a genre unto themselves; not many bands, much less American ones, are still making the sweeping, orchestral dance pop that PSB pioneered."
PopMatters,70,"They're in a slump with their songwriting, and subject-wise, every song here has a companion piece on some earlier album, but that doesn't mean the party is spoiled."
Spin,70,"Yes sounds fresh, dynamic, and vital, while paying plenty of respect to Pet Shop Boys storied career."
musicOMH.com,70,"Fans hoping for a late-career renaissance might be let down, but the duo isn't slouching either."
Drowned In Sound,67,"On the surface, this big-sounding album belongs with them, but the songs dont stand up to scrutiny in the same way."
Dot Music,60,"On their excellent 10th album, the music leans toward the ornate, with snatches of Tchaikovsky and spaghetti-Western atmospherics enveloping the synths and house beats."
musicOMH.com,60,"Dont expect any major changes to their 50-million-records-sold formula. Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe keep things grandiose with paddy retro synths, discotheque drum machines and downtrodden lyrics."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"'The Way It Used To Be' is the best thing here, defiantly struggling against easy nostalgia, but nevertheless suggesting that the PSB melancholy vision of perfect pop is now, commercially, a period piece."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Yes neither benefits nor suffers from Xenomania's attentions--only the opening Love Etc takes a co-writing credit--and it pootles along just as one would expect a moderate-to-strong Pet Shop Boys album to do."
Spin,60,"Factor in some amiable but lightweight filler and Yes falls maddeningly short of its glittering promise--a glimpse of pop nirvana when it should be the whole thing. [Apr 2009, p.109]"
Observer Music Monthly,50,"Its just a shame to have squandered the momentum of the Brits by turning in a weaker album than the lower key 'Fundamental;' a good two decades after the event, the Pet Shop Boys have well and truly entered middle age."
Mojo,49,"Tennant slaps his heart on his sleeve and gets on with things. The result isn't awful, although none of it is as spooky and playful as the cover of the Passions 'I'm In Love With a German Film Star' that the Boys produced for Sam Taylor-Wood last year."

Dot Music,91,"With Universe and 2005s 'Playing The Angel,' Depeche Mode has created back-to-back albums compelling enough to stand up to its past best."
Boston Globe,83,"Somehow, though, on Sounds of the Universe they still sound genuinely inspired."
AllMusic,80,"Its 12th full-length album fits neatly into its discography while sounding contemporary and building on the trio's lean electro-rock."
PopMatters,80,"Once again the theme of emotional cleansing runs through much of the lyrics, though this particular well of inspiration has not yet run dry."
Slant Magazine,80,"On the whole, Sounds of the Universe is a grower, relying on a few listens to fully take effect, but when it does, it shows Depeche Mode are still able to combine pop-hook accessibility and their own take on 'roots' music for an electronic age with sonic experimentation and recombination."
The A.V. Club,80,"Sounds Of The Universe also happens to throb with sonic originality and dark, complex humanity, and is a fine addition to one of the richest, most intriguing back catalogues in pop."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sounds Of The Universe arguably goes on for a bit too long--it doesn't help that closer 'Corrupt' is throwbackish bobbins--and it certainly could have done without token Gore vocal Jezebel. But other than that its just a damn fine record, possessed of the kind of unshowy high quality the Basildon band have seemingly actively opposed in the past."
NOW Magazine,80,"Like 2005s pleasantly surprising 'Playing The Angel,' Sounds Of The Universe, their 12th album, is a triumph, though more cunning in its method."
Uncut,80,"After nearly 30 years, the trio--now comprising Gore, Dave Gahan and Andrew Fletcher--still imbue every aspect of its 12th studio album, Sounds of the Universe, with imagery and sonic flourishes that make its music fresh and familiar."
The Guardian,80,"Sounds Of The Universe is Depeche's most tune-packed and sonically adventurous album for over a decade. [May 2009, p.82]"
Q Magazine,75,"That bleak tone is frequently recaptured on their newest release, Sounds of the Universe, beginning with 'In Chains,' a brooding seven-minute romantic melodrama that hums and crackles with electronics as singer Dave Gahan seethes."
Drowned In Sound,70,"So the album doesnt sound old but theres a refreshing warmth emanating from these fizzing and burbling Moogs and Parker Steinway keyboards."
Pitchfork,70,"You could roll your eyes and complain that these guys are still pimping teen angst in middle age, but really it sounds more like its matured into the longest-running mid-life crisis ever--30 years and counting."
The A.V. Club,70,"It plays like a late-career recap of all that's come before, referencing both the bubblegum synth-pop of its early days and the self-conscious black-leather sensuality of its 1987-1993 creative peak."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Depeche Mode have produced another album fit to fill headphones and stadiums, leaning more towards a muted commercial than perverted side, but for 30-year veterans theres really nothing wrong with that."
Boston Globe,70,"While it may lack the aggressive and occasionally caustic momentum of 'Playing The Angel,' Sounds Of The Universe succeeds primarily because of its ability to make a nostalgic nod to past successes while still looking to the future."
musicOMH.com,70,"After all these years it's good to hear Depeche Mode attempting, and for the most part succeeding, at staying relevant with age. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
AllMusic,63,"Ending with a brief, queasy reprise tease of 'Wrong,' Sounds of the Universe concludes anticlimactically, an echo of its promising start."
Dot Music,60,"Sounds of the Universe comes on a bit softer, with less industrial guitar clang and more of chief songwriter Martin Gore's dreamy atmospherics."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A less then stellar return, then, but a welcome one nevertheless."
NOW Magazine,60,"They might be no longer going through the motions, but those moves seem awfully familiar."
Billboard,60,"Even where Sounds Of The Universe resembles a self-help manual, it does so with commanding tunes and a ring of truth. [May 2009, p.102]"
Uncut,60,"They might not be affecting musical culture the way they did in their prime, but at least half of their latest effort is as strong as anything they've written."
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's hard not to feel disappointed by the sense that a band who have raised their game so many times have nowhere new to go. [May 2009, p.114]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The result sounds like a time machine back to the Eighties."
Blender,50,"They tempt us with a strong first half and then dump us in a collection of tossed off b-sides."
Hartford Courant,50,"Even at its most imaginative, this is seamless Depeche Mode filler, music that could be made by any number of acolytes."
Urb,40,"Dave Gahan's songwriting has improved since 2007's solo 'Hourglass,' but this Sounds like a mundane midlife crisis."

Delusions of Adequacy,91,"While its misleading to call an album mature when it plunders rock history for riffs and features an ode to comic books, Argos has done some growing up."
Under The Radar,91,"How many great songs about rock and roll can one man write before he gets tiresome? We may find out."
Pitchfork,90,"Two albums later, on yet another ingeniously titled album, Art Brut vs. Satan, the band members have done something no one expected: Theyve turned into socially conscious critics of their woebegone generation without losing the charm that made fans love them in the first place."
Spin,80,"They may be eternal adolescents, but they're also true believers in what made rock & roll great in the first place. They won't hide--can't hide--that enthusiasm, and it's contagious on Art Brut vs. Satan."
The Guardian,80,"Art Brut havent made the record thatll reverse their gradual slide back towards cult. But they have at least made the one thatll make the cult even more fervent."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Art Brut have retained their cheeky nature from earlier albums--the riffs and grooves are tight, and the lyrics are clever."
Mojo,80,"Francis' production has noticeably tightened the band's sound, as Freddy Feedback's bass bounces crisply alongside dueling riffs. Art Brut may never shed its screwball charisma, but Satan is a successful step in a mature direction."
Slant Magazine,80,"Art Brut Vs. Satan is compelling for three crucial reasons. First: Black Francis--a guy who knows something about charging guitar rock--produced the sessions. Second: The guitar subterfuge of Jasper Future and Ian Catskilkin, drive home these songs with a renewed enthusiasm. Lastly: Frontman Eddie Argos' sing-speak ruminations are inspired once again. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
Q Magazine,80,"One trick ponies, yes, but it's a good trick. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
Rolling Stone,77,"Black gets the Art Brut spirit down on record better than anyone has before, with the blazing pop-metal vainglory of Weezer, the scruffy cheekiness of early Rough Trade bands, and lots of enthusiastic backing vocals. Fun for them, fun for us."
PopMatters,76,"The record's personlaity wins over, and the evil guitars do too. [Spring 2009, p.98]"
The New York Times,70,"The erstwhile pixies preacher takes compliant care of Art Brut's ludicrous good name--rock-fanboy allusions and cheeky declaratives are well repped."
Austin Chronicle,70,"As always, the level of enjoyment depends on your patience for this kind of reflective, hollowly structured post-music, which examines the constructs of its genre even as it pushes forward with them at full speed."
The A.V. Club,70,"Produced by the Pixies' Frank Black, the band's third album is pretty straight-forward musically, all chugging indie rock with fat bass lines and scribbled guitar solos."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"With Art Brut Vs. Satan the rest of the band is, more than ever, their own entity."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Frank Black's stripped down, workman-like approach to these recordings has allowed for this act's still building talent to shine through. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
AllMusic,70,"The shtick can grow wearying several songs in. But then Argos disarms you by joking about his own archness."
New Musical Express (NME),62,"Frank Black doing a perfectly fine job producing totally average Art Brut material cant help but inspire a resounding meh, a minor pleasantry worth neither cheers nor jeers but maybe a little shoulder-shrug and a smile."
musicOMH.com,60,"Art Brut vs. Satan is somewhere in the middle; good enough to be worth a couple of listens but enough bad at times to frustrate and make you wonder what might have been."
Billboard,60,"The results may finally help them to escape the label of a light-hearted Fall with singer Eddie E. Smith. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
Alternative Press,60,"The results are hyperactive and punky. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Uncut,50,"There's no denying that, three albums in, the winning novelty of Art Brut's tightly defined project is beginning to wear off."
Pitchfork,50,"Robbed of any arch qualities they might previously have hinted at, Art Brut are shown up as cuddly pop-comedians happy to tell the same joke over and over, devoid of any real insight and normal to the extent that you half-expect Argos to launch into a diatribe against aeroplane food."
Filter,50,"For Art Brut vs. Satan, the band didnt need Frank Black to give them an edge; they needed a mentor to help them focus on their real message: changing the musical landscape. Satan may have won this round, but dont count out Art Brut. Not just yet."

Spin,83,"But given the infectiously goofy tunes on Love the Future--the Beastie Boys covering the Beach Boys?--it might not be long till Wallach's girl trouble is real."
Slant Magazine,80,"Could this really be Chester French's first album? Love the Future sounds too wise--and too catchy--to possibly be the debut from recent Harvard grads D.A. Wallach and Max Drummey"
Hartford Courant,80,"Chester French have deftly balanced the thrills of newness with the reliability of the old--not bad a for a couple of graduates."
PopMatters,70,"Their major-label debut gets by on smarmy-smooth suburban- pop melodies, cheeky genre mash-ups, and good bad jokes."
Under The Radar,60,"Too intelligent and well-crafted to dismiss but too disjointed and self-indulgent to really embrace, Love the Future is equally frustrating and promising."
Rolling Stone,60,"The end result isn't quite as lovable as they'd like."
cokemachineglow,60,"Though a few of the songs on Love the Future fail to capture the spark of their early successes, overall its a fairly impressive introductory statement."
No Ripcord,40,"The band's way with a catchy hook and a summery, laid back vibe may yet see them overtake Maroon 5, but that's where their lofty thoughts should settle for now."
Mojo,30,"None of the bands stylistic flourishes are pulled off well enough to convince you they could do one style effectively, nonetheless the 10 they try out here."
Q Magazine,30,"Though theres a lot to dislike, theres also the bones of something interesting here. If only theyd stuck with making more numbers like the enticing Adam Green-ish gypsy pop of Neal, they might just have won us over."
Los Angeles Times,20,"Their full-length debut--anchored by sunny 60s-style pop festooned with strings and heavy-handed synths--also includes a Portugese track, a classical-music interlude and (enough already!) a tap-dance routine."

Dot Music,75,"Though there are some uneven points, particularly when Thornton tries to project straight pathos or regret, The Boxmasters prove once again that they are much more than a celebrity vanity project."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Basically, when the Boxmasters stick to a country format with Buds baritone nestled in its ideal range, they succeed. The band drifting too far away from its comfort zone results in somewhat boring, grating musical moments."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Boxmaster Billy Bob Thornton's recent radio meltdown begged to be heard over and over. The same can't be said of this unmemorable collection."
Boston Globe,40,"As a cold description, this modbilly beat sounds pretty interesting, especially because the group goes to great pains to rearrange many of its covers, but as an album Modbilly drags, offering endless permutations of the same plodding boogie."

Vibe,90,"Combine the above average writing with the production skills of longtime Cleaves collaborator Gurf Morlix (who also contributes his legendary guitar on Everything You Love Will Be Taken Away) and youve got yourself a frontrunner for Americana album of the year."
Spin,89,"Even with producers Billy Harvey, Charles Arthur, and Gurf Morlix lending their talents, Everything You Love plays seamlessly, like one of Lucinda Williams' classic early albums, pristine, honest, and lingering."
AllMusic,70,"The stories are told over attractive folk/country/rock arrangements, which to some extent ameliorate the gloom."
Rolling Stone,60,"This set stands out as Cleaves' most engaging release since 'Broke Down' back in 2000. [Aug 2009, p.104]"

PopMatters,80,"The Sadies are one of the finest backing bands around, and team up adroitly with John Doe to produce a cracking set of country classics. [May 2012, p.71]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Plenty of rock singers have tried to honor the sound and traditions of period honky tonk music over the years, but you'd be hard-pressed to find one who sounds as ineffably right singing this stuff as John Doe, and Country Club is a casual, no-frills masterpiece."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Canadian quartet have long proved their sidemen chops, and sound as good on honky tonk, back-porchers or country ballads. [May 2009, p.101]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"He's certainly comfortable with the material, and his worn-leather voice conveys an unexpected tenderness that adds spirited desperation to opener 'Stop the World and Let Me Off,' gritty regret to ''Til I Get It Right,' and aching vulnerability to 'Help Me Make It Through the Night.'...The Sadies know just when to step forward or back, creating a general bootgazer ambience."
Blender,70,"The result of all this is a tribute to country songs these artists love. But on close listen, these versions are less twangy, in voice and accompaniment than the originals."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The Sadies have proved themselves master instrumentalists at country and twang, and a fluid backup band able to execute any genre. Doe, who co-fronted seminal L.A. punks X, on the other hand, has a voice you could charitably call serviceable. Whether this collaboration needed to happen is debatable."
PopMatters,58,"For the collaborative LP Country Club, Doe and the Goods take a fairly reverent approach, mixing just a few pastichey originals into a set of well-worn C&W covers."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Country Club is a bit too bland of a listen as a whole, with only a few rollicking instrumental Sadies originals to breakup the mostly low-key covers. [Spring 2009, p.78]"

AllMusic,80,"So, less shoegazing and 80s pop, more Doors and ZZ Top. Still magnificent, though."
PopMatters,72,"The rest of Dos can't quite keep the pulse of those initial salvos. Staying inventive within the confines of repetition is sometimes too much for the band to muster. But Johnson's fiery playing is impressive throughout."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Dos offers proof that, while less may indeed be more, Wooden Shjips give you more of less."
AllMusic,70,"Its a swaggering, pyschedelic road album, which weve generously been allowed to ride shotgun on. Buy the record, take the ride."
Mojo,60,"Their second full album creates psychedelic intensity by combining the insistent rhythms of early 70s German bands with a fearsomely primitive garage sound."
Uncut,60,"Dos works as great background music, but simply isnt consistently engaging. On the other hand, it succeeds as an exercise in minimalist rock deconstructivism, so choose your poison."
AllMusic,60,"The quartet's unhurried groove-based approach makes for a captivating listen. [Jun 2009, p.134]"
Mojo,60,"Wooden Shjips continue their work in simple but effective grooves, around which the band discursively noodle. [Jun 2009, p.113]"
Paste Magazine,50,"If you put Dos on, then do something else that demands more of your attention. Youll feel better about whatever it is that youre doing. Thats as ringing of an endorsement as I can muster."

PopMatters,80,"There's a frayed but genuinely exploratory vibe here, that's not afraid to get tough. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Beauty rarely hides where you expect it. Take, for instance, the debut release by the U.K.'s Trembling Bells."
The A.V. Club,80,"This is a record that makes me hope for even better things to come."
Under The Radar,80,"Neilson's own reedy but elemental voice is the perfect foil to this, and the myriad musical ideas are nailed down by classic, disciplined songwriting. [May 2009, p.108]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Carpeth is traditional enough to please the Cropready massive, but also quite experimental too. Those new to the genre might be better served by checking out something more palatable, but for those with a taste for something more outlandish Carpeth certainly delivers."
Pitchfork,70,"Trembling Bells, from Glasgow, do their homage with a bit of delirious freedom: on Carbeth, theyre all walking around that known territory with one eye closed, roughing up traditional song structures, trying to make themselves feel dizzy."
Dot Music,50,"When Neilson and co. put the effort into the music (and the lyrics), then Carbeth is a moving portrait of a lost way of life; its a celebration of the world pictured on the album cover, a small cottage hidden in rustic greenery. When they take the easy road, its everything youd expect and nothing more."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Now We Can See is very much a record about vision, death, disease, perspective, and, er, turning into a fish (?) but its great expressive anchor is the elated desperation that gives punk both its wickedness and its promise."
Observer Music Monthly,100,"An album that goes so far in proving that simplicity not only has its place, its also often the path to unmitigated greatness."
Slant Magazine,90,"'I Call Out Your name won't exactly smash the state, but it's a perfect little pop song. So are opening track, 'When I Died' and 'Now We Can See', where the band's return to gleefully subversive social commentary can't undermine their most infectious pop hook. [May 2009, p.110]"
Q Magazine,85,"Now We Can See might not be fist-clenching Thermals fans first choice, but it shows theres way, way more to the band than fist pumping yellers. Theyre built for the long haul."
Uncut,83,"With perky melodies and singsong choruses, angst has rarely sounded so precious."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Now We Can See feels both like a nod to Americas past grievances and its potentially bright future."
Uncut,80,"While there's nothing here quite as thrilling as 'A Pillar of Salt,' the standout from their last album, it's impossible to deny the adrenaline rush of 'I Called Out Your Name' or the title track."
AllMusic,80,"The result is an exuberant, almost joyful record brimming with sly cynicism and a newfound fondness for whoa-oh refrains and handclaps."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Rest assured, The Thermals is back and as tight as ever."
Mojo,80,"After ranting against Christian extremism on their last outing, they're back to mindless fun, and with new drummer Westin Glass, they've resurrected the savage, speed-strummed fervor that once made Kill Rock Stars matter."
musicOMH.com,80,"Musically, the Thermals deliver a cleaner, more refined version of the raging anthems found on Body, the band's worship of '90s indie rock ringing through louder and clearer than ever before."
The New York Times,80,"As with any such wildly anticipated album, the reverse motion could be a case of perspective, of personal expectations being insurmountably high, because Now We Can See is by no means a bad album. It just seems a little pedestrian for such a talented and unique band."
PopMatters,80,"Indeed, as their debut for Kills Rocks Stars, Now We Can See is an album fit to carry the torch in 2009 for one of the undergrounds most fearlessly exciting labels."
No Ripcord,80,"This much more polished follow-up goes down smoother but still packs plenty of fire."
The A.V. Club,80,"Now We Can See feels a sunnier listen, bracing indie-rock with few frills but a joyfully juvenile energy and choruses to spare. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Alternative Press,78,"Now We Can See is bursting with clear-headed explorations of the ways that fear and neuroses hold us back from truly living, winkingly clinical examinations of the rote machinations that consume our lives, and tales of the savagery at the basis of modern existence."
Prefix Magazine,70,"More important than the albums conceit and whatever toehold it might offer, though, is that it sports less flab than their critical breakthrough."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Now We Can See is not a sequel to The Body, The Blood, The Machine, but it is the perfect record to follow the fire and brimstone and slouching-towards-apocalypse tension of its predecessor."
Paste Magazine,70,"On their fourth record, the tempos are slower, the guitars thick and meaty, the rants kinda melodic, the thoughts impressionistic."
The Guardian,70,"Overall, Now We Can See is a bit uneven. Still, it's an interesting step in The Thermals, um, evolution. [Spring 2009, p.74]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"No-one could accuse this Portland trio of skimping on sarcasm--even if it is the kind of sarcasm that dribbles likes a student rallying against capitalism as he pulls in to a McDonald's drive-thru."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The album isn't a total disaster, though, there are a few songs that manage to overcome the record's flaws and deliver some excitement."
Spin,50,"There's a pervasive sameness throughout, so even highlights like the title track suffer from diminishing returns."
Slant Magazine,40,"It is in reality a bit boring, a bit generic, and a bit aggravating."

Lost At Sea,91,"He's so psyched as he watches those houses get bigger that he invests his excellent story-songs with an emotion their excellent studio versions have never matched--though maybe now they will."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Weve been the Hold Steady, and Youve been the Hold Steady, he says predictably... but for once, on a live-recording, you didnt have to be there."
Billboard,85,"The elements that make the band's performances distinct are all there: Finns rapid-fire, sometimes nearly incoherent delivery; the chemistry between the band members; the between-song banter that is equal parts inviting and human and kind of crazy."
Uncut,80,"Whether youve never been to a Hold Steady show or are jonesing for a fix between tours, A Positive Rage will leave you feeling joyfully connected to one of the best bands of today."
Pitchfork,80,"The Hold Steady's first live disc (and documentary DVD), recorded in 2008 at Chicago's Metro, is a raucous 17-track scorcher that finds Finn's speedily spat monologues working surprisingly well onstage."
Dusted Magazine,78,"This one captures the band near the end of its Boys and Girls in America tour, and is a fine, representative sample of Craig Finns wordy tales of debauchery and Tad Kublers crunching power chords."
PopMatters,70,"There are some missteps on this album, but the last line on the record, which comes at the end of the seven-minute closer, is a perfect sign-off: This shouldnt hurt, but you might feel a slight discomfort--an ominous warning and a promise of a new awakening."
Blender,60,"A Positive Rage isn't much of an opening gambit. It's a memento for the fans, for better or for worse. But if you were too loaded on Halloween 2007 to remember much from this show, maybe this is the album for you."
Under The Radar,60,"A Positive Rage is something of a misnomer, since hardcore fury rates low on the Steady agenda. More crucial is the bands 3-D storytelling on muscular guitars, and Craig Finns traditional chat about joy in the encore."

New Musical Express (NME),70,"The weird and promising thing is that it works without ever feeling natural. The actual coexistence of the earnest and the smoove stops being so striking after a while, but the best songs on Rules dont let you forget there is one."
AllMusic,70,"Rules moves smoothly from one track to the next. Sometimes it does all feel a little too formulaic, a little too rational."
Boston Globe,70,"It's more like easy listening with a funk flare, and, like all easy-listening, there are times when it falls decidedly flat."
musicOMH.com,63,"As catchy as much of Rules is, that hesitancy brings about an imbalance of mood."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"The result is a marriage of indie pop and dance music, containing a number of tracks that are just a remix away from clubland glory. [Apr 2009, p.111]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"In all, the languidness of Rules has its own odd charmsince WBA never aspire to be much beyond a wistful dance pop quartet, they dont fall down the stairs too embarrassingly."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Rules finds The Whitest Boy Alive turning noticeably paler, peddling a shade of Ralph Lauren yacht-rock that would make Hall & Oates blush. [May 2009, p.105]"
PopMatters,50,"Listening to Rules is a surprisingly boring experience.  At several instances throughout this album you wish someone would let rip with a guitar solo, fire off a rave horn or just do something to liven up proceedings."
Billboard,50,"Hooks hit their fleshy mark here and there--'Dead End' is a compulsive, '80s-flavoured high and 'High On The Heels'' clipped acid house proves endearingly gauche--but it's cold comfort on a record that fleshes out a promising template to only diminishing returns."
Paste Magazine,50,"So, his odd decision to make Jamiroquai-like pillow-pop adds yet another string to Oyes heavily-laden bow, but this is one wed happily take the wire-cutters to."
No Ripcord,50,"A handful of marginal highs aside (the minor urgency of 'Courage,' the fluid sobriety of 'Gravity'), it's hard to shake the feeling that Rules would be a lot more satisfying if it broke a few more."
Pitchfork,50,"Rules may not be the shape of whats to come, but theres also little offence to be found in its unobtrusive ways."
Uncut,40,"The effete Norwegian's music is becoming too unobtrusive for its own good. [Apr 2009, p.103]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Sadly, the effect is often not strikingly minimalist but blandly beige, at times recalling Jamiroquai's most soulless moments."

PopMatters,83,"On his first solo CD, Grace/Wastelands, he conjures an understated and fantastical vision of his homeland in which jazzy meditations on the 1930s bump up against haunted fairy-tale folk."
Prefix Magazine,83,"Listeners who arent already in sync with Dohertys wastrel reportage likely wont be swayed by Grace/Wastelands, but the album generates an atmosphere of fragile, easily disturbed calm bound to captivate those who still find him one of the most compelling figures in modern rock."
Pitchfork,80,"Grace/Wastelands isn't quite the defining statement of his genius that his cheerleaders always insisted was just around the corner, but it demolishes the charge that his talent has been fatally squandered. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Q Magazine,80,"In a narcotized haze of lounge blues, New Orleans jazz, gauzy retro soul, and understated guitar pop, he has made the most compelling record of his career."
cokemachineglow,80,"There are tracks here that date back five years, before the tabloids turned up and Pete became Potty. That might account for the album's frankly astonishing surfeit of memorable tunes; it would certainly explain the lack of smirking references to heroin and crack and of the snivelling self-pity that makes junkies such reliably delightful company."
Uncut,80,"It's the songs--funny, literate, doomed--which get under your skin. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
musicOMH.com,80,"It's an intelligent, beguiling and charming record, from a man who has often seemed to lack all but the first of these qualities, and the first thing he's done since The Libertines' debut to make you feel genuine hope for his future."
Dot Music,80,"Grace/Wastelands is Doherty scrubbed up, older and wiser and showing signs of regret for the past. It is a great album but then, so have they all been."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Grace/Wastelands is a pleasant, downright breezy collection of songs and Doherty, excepting the dreamily ragged quality of his voice, sounds something like a new man."
AllMusic,80,"This is easily the best-sounding album Doherty has been involved with, neither self-consciously 'raw' nor overly polished; it lets the music be as simple or as elaborate as it needs to be."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The man's always had his tender side: What makes this album different is the lack of input from his other sides. [May 2009, p.121]"
Mojo,78,"Solo debuts, beginning with 1970's McCartney, generally lay themselves bare. Grace/Wastelands does, with the same irresistible UK melodicism begun by the British Invasion's big bang."
The Guardian,70,"Grace is less a masterpiece than an escape, a memento of his charisma and charm more than a leap towards new horizons."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Pete Doherty has made a solo album with Stephen Street producing, and the result is some pretty good music."
The A.V. Club,60,"It will, rightly, go a long way to repairing Pete Doherty's reputation as a singer and songwriter of note. But half of it is a bit boring."
Q Magazine,60,"Peter doesn't quite have a full batch of tunes here--the weird, World War IIthemed '1939 Returning' is one of a few songs that could use an actual chorus--but for much of the album he manages to make his dysfunction sing."
Spin,60,"The closest his polite bum comes to tearing loose is when he gives his music-hall skiffle a Dixieland bounce. [Apr 2009, p.80]"
The Guardian,60,"Consider Grace/Wastelands more of a step in the right direction, a sign that maybe all is not lost and he can turn things around yet."
Mojo,60,"He doesn't quite succeed, though in the process of failing, he turns in his most restrained and focused recordings to date."
Dot Music,57,"Problem is, the more traditionally reflective Grace/Wastelands just manages to make his solipsism double over on itself and your memories of listening to 'Up the Bracket' are more rewarding than his memories of making it."
musicOMH.com,50,"Basically, Grace/Wasteland is Doherty as strolling minstrel. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
Slant Magazine,30,"It essentially exposes Dohertys biggest weaknesses: his trite lyrics, his less than perfect voice, and his inability to sound interested in anything hes doing not under the title 'Libertines.'"

AllMusic,100,"It's quite arguable that this lean, muscular remix is a marked improvement on the original mix, as it's easier to focus on both the songs and group's interplay."
Alternative Press,100,"His new take scythes through the original, revealing growls and guitars long obscuredsometimes its distracting, but often it lends the songs a newfound jolt."
Austin Chronicle,100,"There is much, meanwhile, to recommend the OBrien remix, or deconstruction as he puts it. What OBrien has mostly done is strip away the more ornate layers of the Palmer mix and cutting back on the albums moments of more florid melodrama."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Ten is a classic of the grunge era, its super-sized anthems and introspective pieces powered by Eddie Vedder, a Jim Morrision for the plaid shirt brigade. [Apr 2009, p.116]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's no surprise they've held up so well after all these years. But it's the extra features, spread over four different editions that truly impress. [Apr 2009, p.114]"
Uncut,80,"Producer Brendan O'Brien kicks up classics like 'Even Flow' and 'Black' by putting Vedder more upfront and toning down the reverb so listeners can better hear the interplay of guitarists Mike McCready and Stone Gossard. Disc two tacks on six more tracks that represent the real gold for diehards who have traded sludgy bootlegs of the band's early jams for years."
Rolling Stone,80,"All that said, this is an exercise for die-hards and audiophiles: To PJ's credit, the original didn't leave much room for improvement."
Blender,70,"Ten is just Ten, and I guess for all their reservations, the band have come to accept that: theres no mystery to the new cover, just Pearl Jam in plain view, big shorts and all."
No Ripcord,67,"Ten deserved better than Ten Redux and the paltry bonus tracks. Fortunately, the reissue also includes a DVD of Pearl Jam's 1992 performance on 'MTV Unplugged'."
Hartford Courant,67,"While megaproducer Brendan O'Brien sharpens the overall sound, especially the guitar interplay between Stone Gossard and Mike McCready, he does so by removing the grit that helped define Pearl Jam."
Pitchfork,60,"The remix supposedly reflects how the band always wanted the album to sound, but its hard to tell what OBrien did. Its definitely cleaner, louder and more polished, but not dramatically different."
Under The Radar,40,"The songs on Ten actually sound shockingly more insufferable this far out of their original grunge context. [Winter 2009, p.97]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"For all its glum pronouncements of murder, mortality and loss, its an ecstatic listen, ponderous party music."
AllMusic,80,"This could have all ended in Tears For Fears, but their winning seriousness is matched by a penchant for a grandiose but hummable melody. [Feb 2009, p.119]"
Blender,70,"On the whole, To Lose My Life is a solid debut that will certainly divide opinion, but approach with an open mind and dividends will be reaped en masse."
Uncut,70,"There's a slickness to the sound as well-not to mention a pop sensibility, which could combine to give the band a shot in the Anglophobic US market. [May 2009, p.122]"
Mojo,60,"It's not quite bad enough to be dubbed an honest failure, but it's flaws are too debilitating for me to recommend blowing a tenner on a copy."
Q Magazine,60,"Still mourning the loss of The Bravery? Look no further. [Feb 2009, p.85]"
Billboard,60,"White Lies naivety is emphatically brokered by their songs ability to rouse and inspire. [Feb 2009, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,60,"While that darkness gives the album its semblance of originality, it may prove incompatible with the group's mass-market ambitions."
Drowned In Sound,60,"To Lose My Life is satisfying and consisitent throughout, even if White Lies treads daringly close to one-trick-pony territory. [Spring 2009, p.75]"
Pitchfork,50,"Their debut begins with a rousing arena-rock anthem called 'Death' and then delivers detached variations on the same subject for the next nine tracks with a professionalism that's simultaneously compelling and creepy."
Austin Chronicle,50,"On their debut, this trio of fashionably dour West London lads crafts wildly overwrought goth-pop weepers with choruses that would make excellent Robert Smith High School yearbook inscriptions."
NOW Magazine,50,"White Lies' polished synth rock effuses more melodrama than any young group should be allotted."
Filter,40,"The feeling remains though that their broad emotional strokes will have to concede something to intimacy and solitude to ever really win hearts."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The results are oddly compelling, if only for the ridiculous way in which their lyrics handle fear, death and despair."
Q Magazine,40,"If you liked the new Oasis and U2 records, never bought 'Turn on the Bright Lights,' and tend to ignore clumsy lyrics, you might enjoy raising your beer to this album just fine."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Songs like 'Death' and 'Nothing To Give' are strident due to big production and well-placed hooks. But commercially geared goth is so much more hideous than the real thing because it wants to be palatable and accepted."
Alternative Press,20,"To Lose My Life is an album made to a predefined plan with skill and no heart."

No Ripcord,90,"Static Tensions is the fourth album from Savannah, Georgia metal mavens Kylesa and it may well be the best damn album the bands released and one of the finest of 2009, metal or otherwise."
Uncut,82,"Kylesa's lyrics lean towards the abstract and personal. They avoid grand gestures or obvious themes that allow for easy grasp. This time, though, grasp is almost moot. The band has etched light, dark, sky, and earth so deftly onto wax that it vibrates the very soul."
Mojo,80,"Although a more varied use of the two drummers would be appreciated, the overall echoed effect with the cleaner production offers a complete, homogenized sound, which, when consumed en masse, makes for a killer album. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Hartford Courant,80,"Along with fellow Georgia natives Mastodon, Kylesa have crafted one of the metal albums to beat this year."
Under The Radar,80,"This is a dynamic, densely-packaged slab of rock n roll, which not only stands alongside the titans of the genre, but gives Kylesa a name of their own."
Spin,70,"At the end of the day, the best single word for describing Static Tensions is 'unpredictable,' and although this characteristic may demand a few more listens before the album's many amazing qualities can sink in properly, the ultimate payoff is very much worth the effort."
Blender,70,"Throughout, drummers Carl McGinley and Eric Hernandez play tight, tribal beats. The heat subsides at times, but it never breaks."
Rolling Stone,67,"Static Tensions, which, while not as compositionally right-angled as 2006 Prosthetic disc 'Time Will Fuse Its Worth,' liquefies massively ('Perception') and even psychedelically ('Unknown Awareness') into a multiton Teutonic corkscrew."

Dot Music,83,"What's more surprising than Scream's R&B bells and whistles (provided by berproducer Timbaland) is that Cornell almost succeeds at that goal without tarnishing his hard-rawkin' legacy."
The Guardian,80,"Though this hook-up frequently pushes at the boundaries of plausibility, there's lots about Scream that makes perfect sense."
Pitchfork,70,"This is a startling new direction, and while not entirely successful, it confirms Cornell as a vocalist of versatility and strength."
NOW Magazine,60,"The new environment rejuvenates Mr. Cornell for good and bad: he sounds shallower than he was before but pithier too."
musicOMH.com,60,"Scream may be the most compelling train wreck of an album in recent memory."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Scream has balls, Cornell vacating his comfort zone with admirable readiness. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Pitchfork,50,"Sometimes it's good bizarre. Other times it's bad bizarre."
Alternative Press,50,"Produced with a heavy hand by Timbaland, the third solo album from ex-Soundgarden and Audioslave singer Chris Cornell is strangely appealing in its elaborately empty efficiency."
Sputnikmusic,50,"The resulting dynamic is two distinct flowers from the sound garden that produce an only occasionally sweet-smelling bouquet."
Tiny Mix Tapes,42,"The problem with Scream isnt that Cornell is too much of an artist to go pop, its that the fit is so unbecoming."
AllMusic,40,"Their collaboration suggests a nice philosophical dissonance, but only in theory. In practice, Scream is nearly awful."
Spin,40,"Timbaland, who has sprinkled his hip-hop fairy dust on weaker voices, rinses away Cornell's inherent dirt and power, and compresses the godfather of grunge until he squawks."
Austin Chronicle,40,"There are flickers of funky light on the lush old school soul of Ground Zero and the Motown-esque Other Side Of Town, but for the most part its all depressingly castrated."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"It never seems like a collaboration, it seems like it was assembled by committee, discussed in boardrooms, farmed out to contract players and stitched together on computer."
Hot Press,30,"What we get when we put the pieces together: an album where every single song is approximately the same length; an album where you could take apart any one track, combine those segments with other stray bits of the album, and still have the same basic entity you started with; an album whose choruses consist of phrases like No, that bitch aint a part of me repeated eight times; an album that, above all else, does not want you to think about it too hard."
musicOMH.com,25,"The idea of Cornell's sex-god wail over Timbaland's mechanized funk is appealing. But Scream draws out the worst tendencies in both of them."
The New York Times,20,"Timbaland rose to the challenge of making Chris Cornell a solo star by producing arguably the worst album hes ever had a hand in."
Urb,0,"Scream veers between drabsleek and rockdude soulful; Cornell's yowl never sounds at home."
Mojo,0,"The record sounds phoned in, plain and simple, and its awkward concessions to cliche, its trash heap lyrical conceits, and its dopey production have a cumulative effect that would be insulting if it werent so transparently uninspired and uninteresting."

Billboard,93,"Here, he dresses his music in full regalia--with whistles, horns, organs and marching-band drums--and its exquisite."
Spin,90,"There are bound to be some people that just don't get it. For those that do, you are looking at a sure contender for your album of the year."
Boston Globe,90,"Perkins is joined by a three-piece ensemble of multi-instrumentalists that do a great deal to boost his soulful ballads with circus-like arrangements, while putting a little extra pep in his step. [Winter 2009, p.96]"
The A.V. Club,80,"is still the same Perkins who turned misery into moving music several years ago, but he's learned to dress up those sentiments in engaging Americana attire, a move that softens the blow but rarely cheapens the art."
Blender,80,"Tackling weighty themes and wrestling difficult truths with aplomb, it ultimately emerges triumphant."
The Guardian,80,"When the quality is this high, Perkins can sing the pain away for as long as he needs. [May 2009, p.101]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Elvis Perkins in Dearland is more than good enough. [May 2009, p.117]"
AllMusic,75,"Perkins has proven himself to be a versatile, surprising and compelling songwriter. On Elvis Perkins In Dearland, he walks the thin line between charming entertainer and confessional songwriter beautifully."
PopMatters,75,"Perkins's simple, folk-hymn melodies are helped along by New Orleans brass, harmonica, B-3 organ, and harmonium, their trumpeting and wheezing sounds adding levity to blunt statements."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Perkins freewheels through American music traditionsHaight-Ashbury folk ('Hey'), New Orleans brass ('Doomsday'), junkyard blues ('Ill Be Arriving')--with arrangements as rich as a pawn-shop display."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Comprising organ, piano, upright bass and acoustic guitars, as well as the occasional fiddle or burst of New Orleans brass, the music wheezes and strolls with old-timey authenticity."
Rolling Stone,70,"Perkins hasn't entirely moved on, but now there's a proper band behind him, and there's celebration in the music--strings, New Orleans horns and distorted blues rock."
No Ripcord,70,"A ponderous chain-gang stomp and some misty lyrics outline his limitations, but once again, Perkins' loss is our gain."
Paste Magazine,70,"Much like his 2007 debut, 'Ash Wednesday,' Perkins speaks through characters and, more importantly, though his musical arrangements to present a nuanced approach to musing on mortality and loss and loneliness."
musicOMH.com,70,"Elvis Perkins in Dearland is an amusement park ride. It is more than a fan would expect from a sophomore effort, and likely to wind up on many a critics top ten list."
Filter,67,"Perkins' funereal, imagistic pull still haunts the album, but bolstered into the Elvis Perkins in Dearland fourpiece, the eponymous LP lopes with a processional gait."
AllMusic,67,"Decent as these tracks are, the rest of the album never quite lives up to 'Shampoo's' potential."
Drowned In Sound,62,"Itll play huge at the Troubadour. Its just that, as much orchestration clearly went into this record, it seems content to be merely well done, when the opening two tracks make it absolutely, exhilaratingly clear that theres more than that at stake here."
Mojo,60,"The intricate vocal arrangements and alluring harmonica parts of opener 'Shampoo' grab the listener with bright potential, while 'Hey' is a lovely upbeat duet with Lavender Diamonds Becky Stark."
Q Magazine,60,"The result, inevitably, feels much more like a live band at work. [May 2009, p.95]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"Perkins clearly has stories to tell of difficult journeys travelled, but unfortunately it comes across as yet another Yank putting out the roadside campfire with dribble from his harmonica."

The Boston Phoenix,80,"With an ear pointed to the type of gritty urban centers depicted on the album cover, Dirty Bomb references dubstep, baile funk, breakcore, North African drum patterns, Arabic folk music and Bollywood strings. And it will devastate your subwoofer."
Blender,80,"Dirty Bomb is a double-edged sword that will undoubtedly rip you apart--but trust when I say it wont hurt."
Hartford Courant,70,"What ties all the disparate elements together is a taut thread of hip hop breaks, clattering electronic beats and wobbly dubstep bass."
Rolling Stone,70,"While it's nice to envision Western acceptance of non-Western music, it's nicer to imagine the universe's collective ass jiggling sympathetically to the best moments on Dirty Bomb--music so thoroughly uprooted that its traditions exist only as pivot points; fragments of sounds we know mashed together so intuitively that we barely recognize them."

Spin,80,"With no one expecting it but themselves Starsailor have delivered."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The major surprise is just how on top of their game they sound on this orgy of melody. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,70,"Theyve yet to match 'Love Is Here' lyrically, and in that department, All the Plans might be their weakest yet. But with song structures so strong, and presentation so majestic, its well worth overlooking the few flaws for the sake of the intoxicating whole."
Austin Chronicle,60,"As is so often the case though all it takes is a fall to flush away fanciful tendencies and with All The Plans they revisit wholesale what it was that made them a draw in the first place (other than sounding a bit like Coldplay)."
Pitchfork,60,"It's anthemic ('Tell Me it's Not Over') and slushy ('Hurts Too Much'), but it might just work."
cokemachineglow,60,"Clanging rockers, elegant ballads, and yearning epics are testement to their diversity, while James Walsh has almost managed to lose the bleat in his voice that used to drive Starsailor's critics to distraction. [Apr 2009, p.99]"
NOW Magazine,40,"All The Plans is full of driving piano, anthemic guitar, and a bit of swagger. They owe a huge debt to Coldplay, Ocean Colour Scene, and Oasis which, in itself, must be quite galling."
Uncut,40,"You try to remember a single melody or hook from the record and you're found wanting. [Apr 2009, p.99]"
New Musical Express (NME),30,"Its a horribly calculated, horrible slice of anthemic horribleness. Throughout, dreadful lyrics are in abundance, pianos are thumped and drums are bashed."

Prefix Magazine,100,"Middle Cyclone is her most fearless and arresting record, ruthlessly composed and beautifully recorded."
Urb,100,"Middle Cyclone is the sound of one of the most interesting, independent, and consistently brilliant artists recording today at the top of their game."
Dusted Magazine,91,"All of Middle Cyclone is reliably Case-like, in that it seems unpredictable, unless youve listened to Case long enough to understand what she understands: that following fleeting impulses can be as rewarding as it is dangerous."
Pitchfork,90,"Middle Cyclone carries case's unique vision one step further: here, she truly embraces the beast within."
The Guardian,90,"Neko Case hasn't produced a disappointing solo venture yet, and between 'Fox Confessor Brings The Flood' and Middle Cyclone, her recent production is the strongest of her increasingly beautiful catalog."
Q Magazine,90,"Its really hard to find anything wrong with the way Case has presented everything and its evident that she is only beginning to reign in all of her strengths. Its an exceptional trait when youve been able to combine so many tremendous aspects into one supreme collection of songs."
PopMatters,84,"Less of a departure and more of a confirmation and deepening of everything shes been exploring over the last 10 years, Case has never sounded quite so compelling as a storyteller, unleashing the full range of her humor, defiance, and despair."
Dot Music,80,"M Ward and Garth Hudson, members of Giant Sand, Los Lobos and Calexico are all present and correct on Middle Cyclone lending their distinctive instrumental hands--but this ultimately Cases tour de force, and hers alone."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Case's voice sounds even more huskily, verdantly rich than ever, the more so because she uses it so unsentimentally."
Uncut,80,"Instead of fixed verses or choruses there are two-chord patterns that run as long as Ms. Case wants, or as short; they might add or subtract a beat, suddenly switch chords or support an entirely new tune in mid-song. Subliminally that rhapsodic approach keeps the songs off balance and suspenseful, ready for every possibility of disaster or exaltation."
musicOMH.com,80,"Indie rock's favorite (and most prolific) red-headed woman has never sounded more assured than she does on this solo-billed set, a soaring, brisk rumination on love and other matters that comes with a dusty tinge befitting its Arizona roots."
Mojo,80,"Middle Cyclone is by far Case's most quixotic album, and that's saying a lot considering the abstract ideas behind her last studio album, 2006's 'Fox Confessor Brings the Flood.' Yet it's also the most revealing and rewarding work in a 12-year recording career that has seen Case evolve from an alt-country siren to a singular songwriter as capricious as a weather vane."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Moody, cinematic, and engaging throughout, Cyclone is another tour de force from Neko Case, if not as immediately arresting as 'Fox Confessor.'"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Singers with powerful voices often gravitate toward material that lets them prove it, but Neko Case demonstrates the power of subtlety on her latest."
musicOMH.com,80,"Quirky melodies and unpredictable, anti-country structures make it interesting over repeat listens. A mid-career triumph."
The A.V. Club,80,"The songs here have engaging, melodic hooks to spare."
Spin,80,"Her high, hard voice invests her most elliptical lines with warmth, longing and other emotions that any human animal can feel."
No Ripcord,80,"Middle Cyclone still stands out as another strong entry from a woman who is more than proving her mettle as a revered indie veteran."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Case is in typically phenomenal voice throughout the record, and her production choices draw from both the dark country of her first few albums and from her work in the New Pornographers."
Paste Magazine,80,"Middle Cyclone never lets go enough to take flight; nor does it too quickly wear out its welcome. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
Uncut,80,"Even though Case already pushed the envelope creatively on her previous effort, 'Fox Confessor Brings The Flood,' she goes one step further, using several homemade instruments resembling a music box and snake charmer's flute. [Apr 2009, p.134]"
The Guardian,79,"Case remains her own best muse, a strong, feminine presence who demands you meet her songs halfway (she calls herself a control freak in every article I've read), but her band deserves credit for creating the ambient, dark-night setting in which her tales of murder and animals sound natural and compelling."
The New York Times,75,"Middle Cyclone is the kind of record it's nearly impossible to hate: a pleasantly swirling strum and twang of guitars, gentle percussion, and That Voice."
Billboard,71,"Id reject the idea that this album is laid-back in favor of saying its too light-hearted."
Boston Globe,70,"Her dream-cinema tales can meander, but Cases voice will lay you flat, sure as any storm."
AllMusic,67,"At 42 minutes, Cyclone could still lose a few tunes ('Fever,' 'The Pharaohs'), which elongate a back end that never seals the album properly, but in penning almost all of her own material, Neko Case can even get away with a 31-minute final track of cricket song."
Hartford Courant,60,"Cyclone might lack the raw beauty of her last project, but Case's emotional honesty is surely a sign that more meaningful transformations are in store. [Winter 2009, p.92]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Its tempting to conflate the fact Middle Cyclone is less outre than her last couple of sets with the fact it last week cracked the US top three, but theres nothing particularly sell out-ish about it, and certainly with her lyrical gifts and that incredible voice still firmly intact, its hard to even really be that disappointed."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The highlights scatter thinly throughout the disc."
Rolling Stone,50,"Among the standout tracks and few ho-hummers is enough good poetry to overshadow that which is overwrought, and enough personification to light a small town."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"There's the brisk cover of Sparks's 'Never Turn Your Back On Mother Earth,' plus a huanting, piano-inspired run through Harry Nilsson's drunkathon 'Don't Forget Me,' but she blows it at the death with the hideous 'Marais La Nuit,' 31 torturous minutes 38 grisly seconds of forest noises. [Apr 2009, p.102]"

Slant Magazine,92,"The result is a nearly flawless, organic LP."
Mojo,88,"He organically forges those into an utterly distinctive voice that takes what's come before and artfully moves it forward with the power of a certain steel-driving man."
Alternative Press,80,"On his 2008 debut, Justin Townes Earle, son of rebel troubadour Steve Earle, seemed like he was getting up to speed with classic country and folk forms. But he sounds like a naturalborn honkytonker on his new album."
Pitchfork,80,"The striking thing about Justin Townes Earle's new record is the variety of styles it visits in just over 30 minutes. Just as striking, this variety doesn't come across as dabbling or disparity."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This follow-up is stronger [than his debut]. [Apr 2009, p.109]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Classic lived-in country. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Blender,80,"Midnight At The Movies is already a strong contender for Americana album of the year. [Spring 2009, p.78]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"It's the range of styles that impress most, from slow cowboy ballads and Western swing to full-throated honky-tonk, Tin Pan Alley and exquisite break-up songs. [May 2009, p.90]"
Filter,78,"Earle cleverly uses the almost-hokey comfort of his music to couch lyrics with deep sadness, rescued from desperation only by the resulting irony."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Midnight at the Movies plays more like a subtle step forward for Justin Townes Earle than a quantum leap, but if the 'The Good Life' suggested he was a talent to watch, this record confirms that he's a new writer to be reckoned with who doesn't need to trade on his family name."
PopMatters,70,"Earles first album, 'The Good Life,' may have been a better album judged on a track-by-track basis, but Midnight at the Movies is more cohesive."
Under The Radar,70,"Midnight teems with a genuine disaffect and melancholy. A few more hooks might serve him well down the road, but Midnight confirms that Earle has far more going for him than just his lineage."

Q Magazine,80,"Wild Light certainly will not be pegged as the most original, best dressed or smartest band in Indie Pop, but the group wears all of Indie Pop on its proverbial sleeve and seems fit to carry the Indie Pop flag--at least for a little while."
Paste Magazine,80,"One thought-provoking knockout anthem after another marks the uplifting debut by this New Hampshire quartet."
Los Angeles Times,75,"At times old-fashioned, Wild Light doesn't feel stuck in the past. There's plenty of mid-tempo despair here--perhaps too much--but on songs such as 'Future Towns,' the band is finding nostalgia in better days that might never come"
Rolling Stone,75,"Adult Nights is sweet and upbeat--so relentlessly so that at times it comes off as a little facile."
Boston Globe,70,"Adult Nights is an engaging debut from a band that wears its sunny California influences as well as if they were born and bred there."
Mojo,70,"Adult Nights' guitar pop tugs at your heartstrings without sacrificing smarts. Not bad for a first go-round."
Q Magazine,70,"Even when the guys indulge in cheesy temptations, like the piano at the end of 'Lawless River,' it's usually in the service of making their catchy, extroverted anthems even more so."
Under The Radar,67,"The thirteen-song cycle does a lot to support the minor hype that's built around the band, yet simultaneously flattens some of the bubbling hyperbole."
Uncut,40,"It's light, airy, soothing--and imminently forgettable. [Apr 2009, p.135]"
Austin Chronicle,20,"Their debut heaps vague twenty-something lyrics onto a colorless emo palette and even producer Rob Schnapf can't save Adult Nights from being as cold as a Granite State ice storm. [Winter 2009, p.79]"

AllMusic,80,"Its clear this Falkirk miserablist has finally found contentment."
PopMatters,80,"Hearing Aidan Moffat in such jocose mood on his first song-based record without Malcolm Middleton is quite the revelation. [Apr 2009, p.99]"
Slant Magazine,76,"We get his best on How to Get to Heaven From Scotland, an album any Arab Strap fan could love."
PopMatters,70,"The songs themselves feel loose, a bit non-cohesive, making How to Get to Heaven... a good, though not great, album."
Billboard,60,"While at times this debut with The Best-Ofs still portrays him as apotty-mouthed cynic who regards romance as black farce, it seems that a light of commitment and imminent parenthood has been turned on. [Mar 2009, p.102]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Moffat's drawn from a more experimental palette, illustrated nicely on his fine outing with ad hoc backing band The Best-Ofs. [Spring 2009, p.72]"
The A.V. Club,50,"All too often, overly simplistic melodies meander repetitively as Moffat struggles mightily to stay on key."
AllMusic,40,"The clumsy pot-banging campfire folk of his backing band doesn't help make it all any more listenable. Great lyrics, though. [Mar 2009, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,30,"Overall, the album will be a pleasant sleeping album for casual ambient fans, but connoisseurs of the genre best look elsewhere for their fix."

Hartford Courant,90,"Big by design, poignant yet relentlessly uplifting, it has the feel of a career crowning glory, or at the very least a second album, not a first attempt."
Lost At Sea,80,"Thrilling indie jinks from Arcade Fire wannabes."
Alternative Press,60,"Fine Fascination is a very listenable debut."
Under The Radar,60,"The album is extravagantly catchy, and probably safe for impressionable children."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Fully digested, Hungry Bird succeeds as a grand epitaph and a birth announcement."
Mojo,85,"Rather than picking up where End of Love left off, Hungry Bird sounds like an extension of previous solo outing Lose Big. Barzelays soft, depressed poetry is brushed across the canvas of his wispy songs as if he could float into the ether at any moment, becoming a ghost singing from the wizenened remove of the afterlife."
Pitchfork,80,"What strikes me is that past Clem Snide albums had their stronger moments, but also their weaker ones, while Hungry Bird, for all its time in development, is more solid throughout, delivering its 10 pop songs with a consistency that shows the band continuing to develop its sound."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Taken as a whole, the music on Hungry Bird is at times lovely, but also has the tendency to become unsettling."
Q Magazine,70,"Hungry Bird is a charming and welcome return to form for Barzelay."
Under The Radar,60,"When hes in command, Barzelay seldom feels the need to be so subtle. But dont sweat the details and many of the tracks will fall into place eventually."
musicOMH.com,60,"The melodies and arrangements, spiked with trombone and banjo, are simultaneously edgy and refined."
Uncut,60,"Its a challenging album, with few of the catchy moments that have marked the bands earlier work, but one that seems to offer a subtle new reward with each listen."
PopMatters,60,"This exquisitely downbeat album of droll heartbreak songs once again confirms that there is a certain knack to creating uplifting musical misery, and spectacularly-named frontman Eeef Barzelay has that knack in spades. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
Dot Music,50,"While having Clem Snide back is cause for excitement, the album that nearly killed the band for good probably wasn't the best choice for a comeback vehicle."
Hot Press,44,"There is a resigned quality to Hungry Bird that stands in sharp contrast with the sprightly, slightly goofy tack the band took on 2001's career highlight The Ghost of Fashion."
musicOMH.com,40,"Hungry Bird is tired, unvaried and dull, possibly because the bands dissolved and reformed many times since 1991, with singer/songwriter/guitarist Eef Barzelay the only constant."
The Guardian,40,"The arrangements are too cumbersome to stand in service of the underdeveloped songs, relegating Clem Anide's delayed finale as further testament to their unfulfilled potential. [Winter 2009, p.70]"

The A.V. Club,91,"Hold Time does, in fact, feel timeless, a musical wanderer's dusty, train-hopping tour through folk, blues, and country."
Paste Magazine,90,"M. Ward turns in a star-studded set that feels at once a logical progression from 2006s 'Post-War' and a step closer to that all-out classic his preceding suggests; an assimilation and appropriation of American blues, gospel, country and folk as lovingly, winningly relayed as weve come to expect from the Portland-based troubadour."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Hold Time exists not simply as a vehicle for the rehash of rock 'n' roll blueprints, but as the highway on which to drive home his acute pop-rock songwriting. Mar 2009, p.107]"
Prefix Magazine,82,"Hold Time marks Ward's third, and best chance to skip the three-peat pattern for sneaking under the radar with his name near the top. [Winter 2009, p.92]"
Billboard,80,"Another feather in his crowded cap, Hold Time is further proof that Ward provides a powerful jolt to what might otherwise be a tired genre."
Blender,80,"His latest disc could be his best yet."
Rolling Stone,80,"The album's leitmotif is a lush, dreamy string sections, which bring a gorgeous poignancy not only to the metaphysical songs, but also his radical reworkings of a pair of '50s rockers. [Mar 2009, p.81]"
PopMatters,80,"This is music that can reach anyone from a performer that could be, amazingly enough, just hitting his stride."
Q Magazine,80,"Hold Time will do little to entice listeners for whom Matt Ward's sepia-tone charm holds no sway, but for fans who have enjoyed the ride thus far, this looks like the sunniest stretch of road yet."
Slant Magazine,80,"The album could serve as an excellent point of entry for a new crop of fans."
Pitchfork,80,"The indie troubadour spins out his trademark blend of vintage country-folk that begs to be played on an old turntable and heard through the screen door. Fortunately, great music transcends its medium."
NOW Magazine,80,"Enter deal-breaking title-track Hold Time, which is (and lets not understate things here) a career-defining ballad even on its own, masterfully striking You were beyond comprehension tonight/But I understood..."
Under The Radar,80,"While its thoughtfulness prevents it from getting carried away with itself--he's not exactly doing the can-can here--there is a definite sense of optimism and personal brightness radiating from all four corners of this record. It will be a difficult one to top."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Bringing out the too-often buried pop nuances of his stylish songs and new inventions from his under-rated guitar work, it's a stylistic cloth that Ward seems very comfortable wearring. [Mar 2009, p.111]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Hold Time is a wonderful, wistful collection of songs from an artist who has really started to hit his stride."
Alternative Press,80,"His music makes you think slowly, all the better to ponder the ample fruits of this profound album. [Winter 2009, p.76]"
Filter,80,"Hold Time cements his status as one of America's best roots songwriters. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
Slant Magazine,80,"His latest album, Hold Time, is as finely wrought and thoroughly affecting an indie effort as 2009 is likely to see."
NOW Magazine,75,"The details sometimes outshine the songs: Lyrics about love come off as worn, and lyrics about God seem lifted from Sunday school."
Uncut,70,"It takes a minute for the standouts here to stand out, but it's an enjoyable wait."
PopMatters,70,"Behind the flourishes, Ward sounds as moony as ever, singing beautifully sad songs about mortality and feeling lonesome."
AllMusic,70,"Ward still sounds most himself when he gets lost in his own world."
Billboard,70,"Ultimately, Hold Time could have undoubtedly benefitted from some more stringent self-editing, not-so top-heavy sequencing and greater deliberations over the guest list, to make it stand-up as tall as its more meticulously-framed predecessors.  Nevertheless, this is still another reliably robust M Ward record with much to recommend itself, especially to the previously-converted."
Boston Globe,70,"The music here speaks for itself, whatever else Ward might be trying to say through it."
New Musical Express (NME),68,"Hold Time is an enjoyable, well-constructed album, and as good a place as any for newcomers to start--it just doesn't hold many surprises."
Dot Music,67,"Too many of Hold Times tracks fail to leave an impression, blending into one another."
Mojo,67,"Yet for all the vintage analog atmosphere, the Portland, Ore., songwriter's sixth album continues to expand his Americana template with more of the classic AM pop sensibilities shown on 2006's 'Post-War' and flooding last year's Zooey Deschanel collaboration, 'She & Him.'"
No Ripcord,65,"These new songs have lofty melodic ambitions but arent dedicated to the kind of journeying Wards lyrics imply."
Under The Radar,62,"But far from ruffled or startling, Hold Time simply fills the quota Wards assigned himself and, (im)properly slaked, poofs off, contrails the last reminder that, yes, Jason Lytles still alive."
Q Magazine,60,"Hold Time, Wards latest batch of songs, seems slighter, happier and louder than those on 2006s 'Post-War,' but also distinctly complacent."
New York Magazine (Vulture),50,"Hold Time goes one step further by drowning the whole caboodle in a bizarre new sound that incorporates cheesy synthetic-sounding strings, a hint of Phil Spector as well as that resolutely unpretty croak."

The A.V. Club,80,"Common Existence is largely an enjoyable record that gives as much attention to mood and melody as muscle and might."
Spin,80,"Thursday gets away with being so gloomy by keeping the energy level sky-high and the sonic assault dense, making Common Existence more thrilling than seething."
Rolling Stone,80,"Common Existence cements Thursday as not only the forefathers of the scene, but also the reigning kings. [Mar 2009, p.102]"
Blender,80,"In the grand scheme of things, Im taken aback on how Thursday can still manage to spark my interest with each new album. Just when Thursday seems to stir in unfamiliar, unwanted territory, they manage to find a way to make it happen."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Post-hardcore pioneers Thursday have responded to the end of their major-label adventure by producing their most consistent body of work to date. [Mar 2009, p.93]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This album will be divisive amongst fans as there will be those who just want them to get back to the days of 'Full Collapse' and those who have always heard the sounds of Common Existence beneath the surface over everything before it. For those fans, you will be glad Thursday has finally let all of its aggression out to release an engrossing and explosive album."
Pitchfork,75,"Common Existence is the bands densest, most accomplished album to date, with sonic layers and the complexity of a big-budget record, without the bloat."
Paste Magazine,70,"It may not receive the attention its predecessors did, from me at least, but it's an impressive return to form; that in and of itself is worthwhile."
Austin Chronicle,70,"In places, the album is tremendously affecting, but it's also the first time a Thursday release is not an unambiguous improvement on its predecessor."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Rather than straining for pop sophistication, Fridmann simply brightens and focuses the band's darker, more obtuse corners."
cokemachineglow,70,"Common Existence is a worthy addition to Thursdays canon."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Generally, though, its makers can count Common Existence a triumph."
musicOMH.com,67,"Common Existence is long on complicated instrumental textures and twisty-turny song structures yet woefully short on the fist-pumping melodies that keep this kind of stuff from sounding like musical math."
AllMusic,60,"Thursday's Epitaph debut melds the band's hardcore influences with shoegaze and atmospheric elements, with mixed results."
Hartford Courant,60,"Album No. 5--their first for indie stalwart Epitaph--amps up the bands aggro guitars, cookie-monster yells and proggy ambition."
Alternative Press,60,"Common Existence is the least pungent and immediate Thursday album since its debut. In places it sounds like an experiment, sometimes a successful one."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Common Existence makes Thursday sound like a band that has settled in their skin without lazily settling on a sound."
Q Magazine,50,"Unfortunately, the tunes aren't so hot, and Common Existence veers between overbearing and pretty ordinary."
Delusions of Adequacy,46,"The sense of movement is missing here, that raw immediacy that powered 'Full Collapse's' better tracks; the howls and breakdowns feel almost like quota-meters. Still, though, there are enough feedback squalls and keyboard squelches in Dave Friedmann's production to suggest Thursday have yet to run their course. [Winter 2009, p.100]"

The A.V. Club,90,"The result is that, in both content and form, The 400 Unit is an unapologetically Southern album, and the lived-in authenticity of its performances, masterful songwriting, and fierce intelligence also make it one of the finest albums of what has already been a strong year for popular music."
musicOMH.com,80,"A tight collection fueled by glints of the rock, soul and country that came out of FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, Ala., in the '60s and '70s."
Slant Magazine,80,"With Drive-By Truckers, singer-guitarist Jason Isbell learned to embrace some of those [Southern rock] cliches; on his gritty, vibrant second solo album, he begins to transcend them."
Spin,80,"Just barely out of his twenties, he writes with the well-worn weariness of someone twice his age, but Isbell's youth nevertheless breathes energy into a formula that's been revisited by many Southern-born songwriters before."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is best thought of as country soul. Isbells words, in style and content, are old-school tears-in-the-beer laments, deftly lightened by exquisite deadpan payoffs."
Drowned In Sound,74,"Many of the songs on Isbell's sophomore release don't necessarily aim for (or achieve) such profundity, yet they still compel through sheer verve and Isbell's unwillingness to let an unhip sound or idea discourage him."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"The horns and soul on 'No Choice in the Matter' mark an interesting new direction, but occasionally Isbell delves too deeply into Ryan Adams introspection mode, and the results are listless."
Billboard,64,"The 400 Unit--named for a mental facility in Isbells current hometown of Florence, Ala.--lays out blistering riffs on 'Good' and 'However Long,' but slower songs like the maudlin 'Cigarettes and Wine' and the zitar- and horns-laden 'No Choice in the Matter' are overlong and languid, lacking energy and urgency."
Blender,60,"Isbells recitation--defiantly unexciting in its averageness--doesnt help. But the thing is, the guy can really write."
The New York Times,60,"With his latest band, the 400 Unit, the former Drive-By Truckers guitarist brings new textures to tracks like the percussion-heavy swamp rock of 'Seven-Mile Island' and vintage-sounding Southern soul of 'No Choice in the Matter.'"
PopMatters,60,"The Americana is first-class, be it on crunchy, boozy romps with stinging solos or the slow-burning acoustic fare, but this batch of tunes proves far less memorable."
Rolling Stone,60,"There's no shortage of variety, but there's a slight feeling of colourlessness about it, a sense that none of the 11 tracks quite have the bit of magic that lifts a good album to dizzy heights."
Filter,58,"Its just that, based on Isbells track record, its hard not to have an empty, unsatisfied feeling when listening to the rote Americana-lite hes now turning out."
Slant Magazine,50,"On this new self-titled record, Jason Isbell and his band the 400 Unit sound like theyre still finding their legs."

Hartford Courant,91,"His crooning has an absentminded, otherworldly quality that's perfectly lovely."
Spin,91,"Earlier Vetiver records cultivated an air of backwoods mysticism, heavy on acoustic picking and tribal percussion, but Tight Knit is a leap ahead, stepping out of the mists and shadows and into a warm, bright clearing."
AllMusic,81,"Tight Knits arrangements are rather tightly wound, with the albums soothing vibe finely calibrated enough to excuse an outlying foray into languid funk."
Uncut,80,"Vetiver have previously been a little too left-of-center for any huge acclaim, but with Tight Knit, expect the blogosphere to light up. [mar 2009, p.107]"
Pitchfork,80,"On the surface, Tight Knit may sound like more of the same for Vetiver, and thankfully so. While the band reaches a bit further than previously, they are careful not to stretch too far, focusing instead on the continued refinement of their position as rocks youngest elder statesmen."
Austin Chronicle,80,"A subtle, intricate album that simply gets better with every listen. A bittersweet pleasure from beginning to end."
Paste Magazine,80,"The group aims to shed the 'freak folk' misnomer once and for all with a gorgeous collection of rustic folk rock."
Blender,80,"Tight Knit is a beautiful, lazy album of befogged West Coast dreams. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Rolling Stone,80,"It's their most melodically accomplished and wide-ranging effort yet. [Apr 2009, p.111]"
Billboard,80,"It might not be the best album Vetiver have made, but it's the most consistent and beguiling."
The Guardian,72,"With their boundaries and ambitions by now well established, on Tight Knit Cabic and company largely succeed in luring the listener hazily back in time and into Vetiver's comfort zone."
The A.V. Club,70,"Everything here, from the restrained pedal steel and drifty organ to the lyrics, reflects a gentle informality that has nothing to do with laziness and everything to do with following the flow."
PopMatters,70,"Andy Cabic's balmy folk songs pull from pert shades of doo-wop 'Everyday') and Latin syncopation ('Strictly Rule'). But his whispery voice can take on a Donovan-like sultriness, making a song such as 'Sister' far sexier than a song named 'Sister' should be."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"A sweet, cheery and summery collection of folk tunes that sometimes verges on a more commercial surfy sound akin to Jack Johnson while still remaining on the right side of lovely."
The A.V. Club,60,"Cabics limited vocal powers are part of the problem. His dusty delivery is allusive when wrapped in instrumental swirls--asked to front up a song, it sounds merely flat."
Paste Magazine,60,"While laying his influences bare on a covers record may have tipped his hand as to what Tight Knit would sound like, there is little about this album that is predictable."
Alternative Press,60,"Whilst perhaps not as cohesive as their debut or 2006's 'To Find Me Gone,' does nonetheless mark an intriguing point in the band's development. [Winter 2009, p.76]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"He could just be the thinking man's Jack Johnson: Cabic's clean playing and Cali vibe are pure mellow."
Prefix Magazine,50,"A connoisseur of contemporary folk may find something to love in Andy Cabics latest offering. For the rest of us, Tight Knit will likely serve as little more than a relaxing soundtrack to our mid-afternoon siesta."
Billboard,50,"There is such a thing as too much understatement, and Tight Knit features a veritable abundance of scarcities."
Mojo,40,"Vetivers 2006 To Find Me Gone found that nice place for campfire listening, but tracks like Everyday and More Of This sound more like background tunes released for the purpose of selling a digital camera or a cellphone with really good reception."
Q Magazine,40,"California dreaming, diminishing returns."

AllMusic,100,"This is the sound you need to get for right now, and its built to last well past that."
Pitchfork,100,"An outstanding record, and one with endless pleasures and pains to be wrung out of it."
Blender,90,"Havilah will remain as yet another great record from one of the most talented acts currently playing rock music."
Spin,84,"The effort drags a tad in its center, but the heaviness of The Drones' material has never been devalued by a bit of lag. [Winter 2009, p.106]"
musicOMH.com,80,"If the Drones have grown a touch more polished and focused with time, it's not at the expense of creating compelling music--if anything, Havilah even more clearly places the band as one of Australia's best rock bands ever."
Uncut,80,"This more relaxed style allows a somewhat more forthright exploration of the defeat/desolation that runs through much of Liddiards material. In fact, the structure of the album as a whole reflects this neatly."
PopMatters,80,"This cleaner-sounding set finds the quartet's elemental power now yielding to poise, thier speaker-bleeding blues and jagged riffs leavened by folk shimmer and country jangle. [Mar 2009, p.110]"
Under The Radar,77,"Havilah broadens the Drones' sonic palette and continues to carve out a sound that is uniquely theirs, and in that sense it's an accomplishment, but wrestling with the record's dark subject matter makes it a difficult listen."
Rolling Stone,70,"What Havilah does is jump up and down on the rotting carcasses of The Vines and Jet, stabbing them again and again with a flag that says Miles. Better. Than. You. Ever. Were. Mate."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Sidewinding bass lines and slashing guitar help pull together ballads of marital woe ('The Drifting Housewife'), epic rockouts ('I Am the Supercargo'), and rousing takes on regret ('Your Acting's Like the End of the World')."
Slant Magazine,60,"Not a bad addition to the Antipodean canon then, and an interesting mix of the macho, the sensitive, the timeless and the 'cool right now'--although one suspects that the latter is not something the band have deliberately aspired to."
NOW Magazine,60,"A little too heavily indebted to fellow Aussies Nick Cave and The Triffids' late David McComb, even if that's not a bad place to be coming form. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
Hot Press,60,"In Gareth Liddiard, the quartet have a singer-songwriter and guitarist of dark intensity, and his vivid narratives draw on the landscape and character of his homeland in a delicately melancholic way. [May 2009, p.85]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Restraint dominates elsewhere, but brillance comes when The Drones throw musical sanity to the wind. [Winter 2009, p.78]"
The Guardian,40,"The thickset blues-rock of Havilah, the fifth studio album from the Drones, makes for opaque and impenetrable listening."

Sputnikmusic,90,"Repeat listens yield rich and profound rewards. [Mar 2009, p.104]"
Filter,80,"If Solomon Burke and Will Oldham had a baby. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"This one is more bluesy and soulful, a kind of semi-protest record that takes stock of post-Bush USA. [Mar 2009, p.88]"
PopMatters,80,"Animals in the Dark is a natural progression from Whitmores previous stripped-down affairs."
Mojo,70,"If the subject matter becomes a little too repetitive after multiple listenings, theres always the music itself to enjoy."
Pitchfork,70,"His voice leads the material along, punching up the momentum of the heavier songs and providing an earthy low end for the simpler ones."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"For all its grim honesty, Whitmore's fifth album also boasts a survivor's tenacity."
Spin,60,"Adding to his old-time preacher's moan and expressive banjo, Whitmore utilizes a full band for the first time in this collection of songs lamenting corrupt authority in all its various forms. [Winter 2009, p.79]"

musicOMH.com,80,"Compared to prior outings, their Zorn-like freewheeling spirit has been toned back and songs feel more like actual 'songs' with defined structure and greater emphasis on the individuality of the performers and the negative space surrounding them."
Q Magazine,80,"So anyhow--crossover album of the year, no contest."
Uncut,80,"Recorded with help from Fantomas shrieker Mike Patton and Buzz Melvins Osbourne on guitar, Carboniferous rocks out with little competition."
Under The Radar,80,"The molten riffs and pummeling fills heard here in such abundance arent just tokens of style. Theyre part of a persistent push for self-definition."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Whether your tastes veer toward the Dillinger Escape Plan or John Zorn, Carboniferous is what your soul's been craving. [Mar 2009, p.109]"
Alternative Press,80,"At times the songs can sound cold, as though they want to keep their distance, refusing to shed any armor. Although this could be a handicap on other albums, it only serves to makes Carboniferous more intriguing."
Mojo,80,"Their 14th release enschews improv for structure, its hulking grooves boosted by Melvins guitarist Buzz Osborne and the distinctive noir wail of new label boss Mike Patton. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Uncut,80,"The true insight here is that Zus prowess is growing and cant go unnoticed for much longer, especially with this caliber of material and their continual desire to try new things."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"The disparate riff-based writing can be too heavy on cue cards and too light on connecting the ideas, but it's that same friction that makes the band worth listening to."
PopMatters,75,"While previous records had some fascinating collaborations, perhaps Carboniferous hits so hard because it pares things down to the core trio a bit more."

Slant Magazine,80,"Years later, however, the well-networked songwriter appears to have finally found her own voice with Light of X."
Spin,70,"While Light of X seldom soars, it certainly cruises at a pleasant altitude."
Under The Radar,63,"Richards often errs on the side of wispy and ephemeral on her new album, Light of X, but albums can do worse things than wash over you like a hillside sunset."
AllMusic,60,"Its a stretch to call anything timeless, and singer-songwriters arent about to go out of style any time soon. At the very least, its another 12 songs just waiting to be plucked for the montage scenes of next seasons prime-time dramedies."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Yet while thousands of tons of this dross are produced on a yearly basis, Richards's work stands safely above most, drawing on offbeat influences such as Mazzy Star and compositions that, despite sounding borderline soulless, are for the most part coldly dazzling."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Delivered in a pure, unblemished voice, even the sad songs are comforting, occasionally to a fault."
The New York Times,60,"The sunny, country-ish melodies of opener 'Beathless' and 'Savorin' Your Smile' aren't quite matched by her limited voice, but when some darkness descends, as on 'Pictures Of You,' her perky nature adds a bittersweet twist to the added emotional weight. [mar 2009, p.104]"
Alternative Press,60,"If anything, she's dreamer, the tempo's a little more down, the mood more twilit. [May 2009, p.101]"
Pitchfork,50,"Unfortunately, Richards doesn't play to her strengths often enough. Too much of Light of X slips out of straightforward and into simple."
Mojo,50,"The album is full of airy beauty and precious melodies sung in an angelic voice. However, there is not enough here to counter its delicate nature. [Year End 2008, p.83]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Emmy the Great's debut is a triumph, with a maturity beyond her years, and with a humour no less enjoyable for being subtler."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"First Love is a promising, and at times deeply impressive, debut album."
cokemachineglow,80,"While the musical backing is occasionally sweeter than it is memeorable, Moss's narrative lyricism saves the day resulting in a rich debut that provokes fresh thoughts with each listen."
AllMusic,80,"Emmy's startling pure voice is a vehicle for some smart, candid and subversive lyrics. [Mar 2009, p.87]"
Billboard,60,"She's neither a soft seducer nor a lapel-grabber, but her eye for detail combined with that degree of vocal detachment quietly commands attention. [Mar 2009, p.109]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"Laura Marling, six years Emmys junior, sounds far more worldly wise, and theres a sense of naivety, rather than innocence, that stops the album being as Joni Mitchell as it thinks it is."

PopMatters,88,"Rather than coming across as note-for-note recreations, each song takes on a new, softer life with Houck's delicate vocals. [Winter 2009, p.98]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The Alabama-born Houck knows his way around this music well enough to walk the fine line between respect and reverence as he delivers impassioned readings of 'Can I Sleep In Your Arms' and 'Too Sick To Pray' and kicks out a freewheeling rip through 'I Gotta Get Drunk' with the appropriate tinge of self-loathing."
Rolling Stone,80,"Its earthy and its eloquent--no doubt Willie will approve."
Q Magazine,80,"To Willie is more than a curatorial feat; Phosphorescent reaches down to the pain."
Mojo,80,"Matthew Houck, better known as the voice of Phosphorescent, has given Willie Nelson (and the rest of us) a gorgeous, shimmering gift in To Willie."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This has more than enough beauty and character to stand on its own. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
Under The Radar,80,"This is a gripping, understated, and deeply soulful take on Nelson's music. [Winter 2009, p.74]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Timeless and universal, everyone can identify with Willie Nelson's songs, as sung by Houck, as Phosphorescent's tales of heartbreak, wasted youth, and harsh introspection."
musicOMH.com,80,"Houck's trip through Nelson's 60-plus albums shows such love and attention the great man himself could only approve of such hangover gems as 'I Gotta Get Drunk.' [Mar 2009, p.101]"
Q Magazine,78,"Graceful, honest, and wringing every understated ounce of emotion from the tunes."
Uncut,76,"Houck's impressive effort nonetheless inevitably sends you back to Nelson's originals, only illuminating their brilliance."
Mojo,75,"To Willie could have a lost ballad and a roadhouse jam for variety's sake, but Houck's thoughtful curating makes it more than a fans-only stopgap."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"To Willie isnt a particularly dynamic record--even 'I Gotta Get Drunk' sounds sensitive--but Houck has succeeded in communicating his own musical vision through Nelsons songs, an achievement to which Nelson himself would no doubt raise a glass."
Filter,70,"The whole is still a game enough effort, if nothing else showing Houck's excellent taste in song choices."
NOW Magazine,70,"From beginning to end, Houck's voice crackles with soul, and his down-home arrangements are soothing and familiar without seeming clich.  That being said, there is nothing particularly innovative about the album."
Uncut,70,"Houcks talents are prevalent in everything he plays, and his enthusiasm for Willies material comes through with each passing listen."
The New York Times,70,"To Willie seems more like a personal effort than a proper follow-up to 'Pride,' and its not as inventive as that album. It works well as a covers collection."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Houck's voice knows exactly when to crack, and when the material's as great as this, that's the only embellishment you need."
Mojo,70,"Its stirring, tragic fare that demonstrates why For Willie is a good introduction for those new to Nelson and Houck alike."
Under The Radar,60,"The fact that the album works may speak most to the strength of Nelson's original material, but To Willie certainly has a creaky, good-natured charm, is light on frills, and puts a clear focus on the songwriting."
Lost At Sea,40,"When Phosphorescent's Matthew Houck and his band pay homage to Nelson, it feels like a greenhorn hitching on to the pothead patron saint's biodiesel wagon as a credibility grab."

Q Magazine,80,"In Changing Horses Kweller has slipped seamlessly into another stream of songwriting tradition, and all signs say it suits him."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Regardless of one's opinion on music that drawls, Changing Horses is worth your attention. [Mar 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,80,"Changing Horses emphatically answers the question of what next? for Ben Kweller and although not faultless, its a strong showing, especially for someone exploring a new musical direction as he is."
The Boston Phoenix,76,"The simplicity and dusty sunshine that prevades this album can't but raise a smile and lower your blood presure. [Winter 2009, p.96]"
The A.V. Club,75,"He's assembled a fine band and finally found a consistently productive groove."
AllMusic,70,"Changing Horses marks a defining moment in the songwriter's career, offering up a batch of pastiche-free country music that, like Ryan Adams' 'Jacksonville City Nights,' may be a promising sign of what's to come."
No Ripcord,67,"Unfortunately, not all of Changing Horses is nearly as inspired, particularly the mainstream country pop of 'On Her Own' and rudimentary 'Ballad of Wendy Baker,' but Kweller still lassos up a good time for good ol' boys."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The album really comes into its own when soft and subtle songs."
Dusted Magazine,60,"There's a charmingly tossed-off quality to the entire set, whose 10 songs frequently deal with women and their troubled men."
Paste Magazine,60,"Changing Horses' Americana journey is hardly inventive, but Kweller's boyish charm and quirky songwriting keep it more promising than predictable."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Kweller keeps his melodies clean and his arrangements simple, frequently teaming pedal steel or dobro with his acoustic guitar. [Mar 2009, p.91]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The 27-year-old can write killer tunes, and his voice is sweet-guy inviting. Theres a masterpiece disc in him yet, but this still isnt it."
Spin,53,"While I certainly can't hold it against Kweller for trying something different and playing dress-up with a Nudie suit, Changing Horses nonetheless finds his half-assed over-countrification and half-assed under-countrification to be equally ineffectual."
PopMatters,50,"Hes nodded to his Texas roots before, but on this collection meant to play up his twangy side, he seems scared of edging too far into the darkness of country musics long, rich tradition. And what a shame."
Alternative Press,40,"Changing Horses crams its few memorable moments onto the back half of the album. But its not enough to compensate for the lack of creatvity and foced nature of most of the disc. [Winter 2009, p.72]"


No Ripcord,80,"Though it may occasionally be a little too skittish for its own good, Which Bitch? confirms that the View are a band with a vibrant imagination and an abundance of ideas. For that reason alone, their return is very welcome."
Filter,80,"The thick broth of Kyle Falconer's Scots vowels remain the signature sound--but don't let it distract you from some genuinely adventurous and witty indie guitar rock. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
The A.V. Club,80,"With producer Owen Morris at the controls, Which Bitch? always promised to be a riotous affair. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
AllMusic,80,"Which Bitch? is a blaze of glory. [Mar 2009, p.103]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"aside from the throaty rasp of singer Kyle Falconer on lead-off single 5Rebbeccas, the mushy Temptation Dice and Paolo Nutini-featuring Covers  theres little here thatll appeal to the hundreds of thousands of people who bought 'Hats Off To The Buskers.' Yet its a good record regardless."
musicOMH.com,50,"As a collection of songs it tentatively experiments with genres and musical devices so as to appear less of the poor man's B-sides of its predecessor; but at the same time daren't stray too far from the blueprint that made the quartet such a loveable bunch of rogues in the first place."
Rolling Stone,40,"There are some excellent tracks on the album but all in all this is a serious disappointment from a band of whom much more was expected."
Spin,20,"Some half-decent anthems and a sweet little love song are shifted further towards the bin by Kyle Falconer's singing, which sounds as though he has forgotten to put his teeth in. By the end of it, you may need a long bath."

Uncut,91,"Cheeky modernity hides beneath every glistening throwback."
NOW Magazine,91,"Vocalist Inara George and programmer Greg Kurstin have an affinity for all things pretty and vaguely retro, as her exceedingly pleasant vocals and his lush production attest. It's a formula, yes, but one that works over and over."
Pitchfork,90,"Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is a pop gem for the young at heart and proof that the duo possesses the serious musical talent needed bring their whimsical musical visions to life."
Paste Magazine,80,"Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is a useful title for this record, which can feel like a stroll through Tomorrowland with an archly enthusiastic guide."
Under The Radar,80,"Singer/songwriter Inara George and producer Greg Kurstin know how to craft a pop song. On their second album as the Bird and the Bee, George (the bird) and Kurstin (the bee) continue to juxtapose tongue-in-cheek lyrics with sugary vocals and quirky electronic effects."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Georges luscious voice and Kurstins distinctive production and instrumentation (he also rocks it out on Lily Allens new record and has played with Sia, Beck, and The Flaming Lips) lift The Bird and the Bee toward the heavens. [Winter 2009]"
Uncut,80,"This sequel ups their ante further; there's inventiveness here that rivals Girls Aloud producers Xenomania. [Apr 2009, p.103]"
Mojo,80,"It almost doesn't matter what chanteuse Inara George--one half of the Bird And The Bee--is singing about on the duo's second full-length, Ray Guns Are Not Just The Future, mainly because it all sounds so sweet. [Feb 2008, p.103]"
Q Magazine,80,"Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is not an enormous departure from their self-titled debut; after all, why mess with a good thing?"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Like any other subgenre, it has its good and its bad, its watered-down faux bubbly and its liquid gold. And the Bird and the Bees second album, Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future, is on the liquid gold side."
Dot Music,70,"The duo's follow-up is a more relaxed affair. Though it, too, has cleverness to spare, the album is less cutesy and self-conscious than its predecessor. The beats are stronger, at times hitting with hip-hop force, and the music is fuller and more imaginative."
musicOMH.com,70,"Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future builds on its predecessor with even tighter concepts and hooks born of a naturally strengthening partnership."
The Guardian,70,"It's not Brasil '666 or Joao Gilberto, but 'Witch' still intoxicates in the saddest notes of blue. On the sunnier side, both 'Meteor' and the playful 'Diamond Dave' reflect where the band's at its best. [Holiday 2008, p.98]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Some of the clever songwriting is still intact and that rescues an otherwise middle of the road affair."
The A.V. Club,70,"It's not a record to dissect or fall in love with, but rather a diverting, casual listen that brightens up the best part of an hour."
Urb,70,"Sometimes they get stuck in gilded lyrical vagaries, but simpler subject matter serves them best."
The New York Times,68,"While the duo borrows a bit too obviously from its influences at times, the albums detailed production and stylistic shifts reward multiple listens, resulting in a pop album with surprising depth."
Billboard,60,"This is pure NPR music, all neo-jazz melodies and martini-lounge flourishes without the sly bite of its predecessor."
Under The Radar,60,"Perhaps executed a tad more carefully than it was conceived, Ray Guns is ultimately a flawed gem."
Mojo,60,"Theres not a lot to get excited about, but its a catchy enough confection that should work well in gadget commercials, which was likely the whole point."
Alternative Press,60,"Their second LP is all candy-coloured dreamscapes. Lily remains a spikier proposition."
Boston Globe,60,"Tart modern pop performed with a sly sense of homour. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Heady and infused with whimsy, their second full-length flows effortlessly from dreamy girl-group pop to electro-bossa nova. [Feb 2009, p.76]"
Hartford Courant,54,"Like a Mojave Desert mirage shimmering tantalizingly before disappearing, Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is ultimately left little more than a string of sweet nothings, there for your fleeting pleasure. It's a pop tease."
PopMatters,50,"Its a welcome change of pace from what comes before it, but its equally dull and is very reminiscent of Butterfly from Weezers 'Pinkerton.' Take what you will from that comparison."
Filter,40,"It's an intriguing blend of soft, Bacharach pop and jazzy harmonies, but is let down by lapses into knowing easy-listening that can sound insincere."
No Ripcord,40,"Their songs carry bossa nova chord changes, analog keyboard bleeps and icy-cool chanteuserie from singer Inara George. So why is the second album by George and multi-instrumentalist Greg Kurstin so soul-deadening?"

musicOMH.com,90,"Gutter Tactics is another collection on which fans of rap radicals Public Enemy and drone-metal heavies the Melvins can find common ground. [Mar 2009, p.116]"
Spin,80,"I find it hard to find fault with their approach, which is same-y but laced with beats and rhymes so powerful they conjure the old if it izaint broke, dont fixxit axiom."
Paste Magazine,80,"Disenchantment with the state of rap, and society as a whole, is a major underlying theme, but the statements never feel too preachy or in your face. Instead, the vocal freestyles hover just slightly above the music, delivered in an amorphous mumble that matches the sonic abyss of the background perfectly."
AllMusic,80,"The records crowning achievement may be how truthfully Dlek convey this ambivalence through music, and in so doing, capture the spirit of a world where tragedy looms overhead, where hate is scarily effective, and where the victim and the victimizer are often the same person."
Slant Magazine,80,"Gutter Tactics is their most approachable set to date. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
NOW Magazine,76,"The opening Wright sample is a hard look back at a year most people would already rather forget, but it's a perfect intro for Gutter Tactics, an album that draws much of its strength from the same well of outrage and disaffection."
Observer Music Monthly,75,"Gutter Tactics recalls the anger of the recent past and memories we'd like to leave behind--perfect timing."
Q Magazine,70,"The music is progressive as hell, but this feels less and less like the right thing to be concerned with."
Uncut,70,"Dalek may not be everyones idea of fun but splitting the difference between 2007s 'Abandoned Languages' interstitial ambience and their nocturnal dins works well enough. [Winter 2009]"
Pitchfork,70,"Having explordd hiphop's darker alleyways for years, Gutter Tactics is at once appealing and familiar, yet resists understanding more than anything that springs to mind... or rather, complicates and perhaps even undermines its message."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Refining Gutter Tactics' murky metal rap with subwoofer bass frequencies and fierce drum programming, MC Dlek and producer the Oktopus still find inspiration amid the noise."
The Guardian,60,"Dalek is like a fine beer...it is an acquired taste, but once you get past that part, it is delicious. This is demonstrated well on Gutter Tactics, his newest release."
Rolling Stone,60,"Dlek have refined their work but their work has no reaching trajectory."
Alternative Press,60,"Gutter Tactics lets a little light in, though, the glimmering, shoegazey 'We Lost Sight' being the surest glimpse yet of redemption within the gloom. [Mar 2009, p.82]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Their fifth album builds on 2007's well-received 'Abandoned Language,' with MC Dalek's rhymes playing second fiddle to producer Oktopus's darkly imaginative soundscapes. [Mar 2009, p.96]"
AllMusic,50,"As they see it, new president or not, America is still a menace to the rest of the world. This will never change, and apparently, entrenched as they are in a morose pit of doom and gloom, neither will Dalek."
PopMatters,50,"Gutter Tactics flow and overall rhymes pale in comparison to those found in 'Abandoned Language.' It is as if Gutter Tactics thick, doom sound that defined Dleks approach has now turned back and smothered any attempt at a unique change."

Mojo,88,"Nothing's as timeless as 'Blue' or 'Waiting for the Sun,' but the thrill here is all about those two lonely voices that find each other, in this future of theirs, caught up in that rush of harmony."
Pitchfork,83,"The production of Black Crowe Chris Robinson lends grit, but is never intrusive, letting the scruffy melodies and jigsaw-puzzle interlocking of these stellar voices do the heavy lifting."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"Although it's produced by Black Crowes bro Chris Robinson, the first studio collaboration in 15 years from the former singer-songwriter team behind the classic Jayhawks lineup is a much more subdued, acoustic affair than the plugged-in alt-country of their former band."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This reunion feels like they've never been away. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Under The Radar,70,"Ready For The Flood doesn't completely remedy that absence [of alt-country acts], but it is a nice reminder of better times and better tunes for this pair. [Year End 2008, p.83]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The fact they fit so well says a lot about this music, and while there are moments of genuine beauty and grace, this is a far cry from what these men achieved in their prime."
Spin,60,"Mark Olson and Gary Louris' new disc may not be the Jayhawks reunion some fans hoped for, but it's a respectable set of mostly acoustic folk songs sweetened by the duo's bright, sibling-like harmonies."
Urb,60,"If there's nothing particularly innovative about Flood, it's nonetheless gratifying to hear Olson and Louris writing and performing together again, and hopefully the album is but a starting point for future projects."
cokemachineglow,60,"While the rock workouts never transcend their bar-band tropes, on the ballads ('Turn Your Pretty Name Around,' 'Black Eyes'), Olson & Louris evince real sorrow and regret with little more than a carefully picked acoustic guitar and ghostly organ tracing the tracks of their tears."
Uncut,40,"Production by the Black Crowes' Chris Robinson is unobtrusive to the point of being almost nonexistent, but peeking in on two guys sitting around Joshua Tree with a couple of guitars should be a little more engaging."

Q Magazine,88,"Paranoid Cocoon is a Sunday morning treat. [Holiday 2008, p.105]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Paranoid Cocoon establishes its sound early, so anybody initially put off by all of the cloudy skies and soft, neo-psychedelic mountain melancholy will inevitably come away disappointed, but fans of James Yorkston, Richard Hawley, M. Ward, and mild hangovers will eat this up, and rightly so."
Sputnikmusic,79,"Overall, Paranoid Cocoon's bedroom chamber pop spins with variety and subtle dissonances aplenty."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's a relaxed and confident debut packed with enough reverb, organs, and dreamy sensuality to keep you warm on any windy winter evening. [Year End 2008, p.76]"
Paste Magazine,60,"On their debut disc, Nau and McGraw craft jazzy folk peppered with pianos, strings and organs, and drive them with down-home vocal harmonies."
Entertainment Weekly,58,"It also probably means that we'll be getting something new from Nau the next time around. Switching between musical characters is obviously Nau's default setting, and for all of its pleasantness, Paranoid Cocoon, in the context of his career thus far, feels like transition music over a costume change."
Uncut,50,"Each song feels like it belongs as filler between other more upbeat tracks. Isolated, some of the tracks can be enjoyable, but as an album, Paranoid Cocoon disappoints."

Under The Radar,60,"Despite this barrage of invective, it's strangely reassuring hearing the oft-preprogrammed Hoobastank break free from their constraints."
AllMusic,60,"Formulaic though the album may be, the band musters enough craft and personality to keep it afloat. The band is at its best when mixing pop melancholy with strident guitar rock."
Rolling Stone,40,"Album four is especially monochrome gut-check metal, so flourishes of mellow pianos or cargo-shorts funk are as welcome as a bag of Skittles in a pack of combat rations."
Slant Magazine,20,"All 11 tracks feature painfully predictable song structures and lethargic chord progressions devoid of anything resembling a hook."

Spin,83,"Sounding like a hybrid of epic, Frames-like angst-rock and unabashedly earnest musical theater, Whisper House is simultaneously more satisfyingly rich in sound than Sheiks early work and more off-puttingly story-driven."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Among Sheik's albums this ranks among the best, showcasing his subtle skills and sense of quiet adventure in ways his sometimes fussy earlier records never did."
Filter,79,"The ethereal timbre to Brook's voice fits nicely into the world Sheik's created on Whisper House--a world that never escapes the feeling of being a soundtrack to a film or play you haven't seen, but a world that's worth visiting nonetheless."
AllMusic,40,"Whisper House just isnt strong enough to hold up to his previous work. Theres no doubt that a great deal of meticulous work went into the orchestration and songwriting of the album, but the end result isnt a coherent whole."

Paste Magazine,80,"As Fiction Family, the two San Diego musicians find plenty of sonic common ground and, most important, a dozen richly crafted and intriguingly rendered songs."
Under The Radar,64,"Since both Switchfoot and Nickel Creek were touring during this records gestation, Foreman and Watkins wrote songs individually and passed them back and forth in parts. They make a pretty solid team as-is, and if their approach to songwriting were more unified, their sound probably would be too."
Rolling Stone,60,"Fiction Family is slightly sprawling as a result, having been compiled over a number of years, but the track list takes strength in diversity as it alternates between sprightly duets and slow, Elliott Smith-styled melancholia."
Pitchfork,60,"Whether Fiction Family moves forward or remains just a one-off side project, most of the chances that Watkins and Foreman have taken for this record pay off, making for a project that is sure to appeal to their existing fanbases and which stands on its own merits."
Tiny Mix Tapes,20,"Its like theyre writing about love solely because thoughtful, sensitive songwriters are supposed to write about it."

AllMusic,85,"The Gourds' ballads have always been witty and danceable, but on Haymaker! the lyrics have more emotional range than ever before."
Boston Globe,80,"With this latest, and a dozen years in, the Gourds have released their finest record yet."
Blender,80,"Exultant opener 'Country Love' and Cajun rumbler 'Shreveport,' like most of Haymaker!, just sparkle. [Feb 2009, p.82]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Here they sound commanding and convincing as they do on-stage. [Mar 2009, p.111]"
The A.V. Club,78,"The local quintet's 10th studio offering is polished and direct but still distinctly and eclectically Gourdian."
AllMusic,75,"Haymaker! is a typically witty, rambunctious album that shuffles up the band members like a deck of cards."
Paste Magazine,70,"On its ninth studio album, the group tells tales of true love and trucking--subjects all country artists are entitled to explore--but it also takes plenty of off-road detours."
PopMatters,60,"The band's ninth album continues the Austin-based ensemble's penchant for offbeat Southern minutia and melodious, after-hours juke joint revelry, but despite boasting production values that rival anything before it, Haymaker! feels less like the blow to the face that its title implies and more like a last quick rummage through the basement before the garage sale starts."

Billboard,100,"Folie follows the precedent of 2007's 'Infinity On High,' which expanded Fall Out Boy's sonic palette (synthesizers, sequenced drums, strings, etc.). This one just goes further, with more layers and cameos from Elvis Costello, Debbie Harry, Lil Wayne, and others."
Paste Magazine,80,"This is the brightest, breeziest, giddiest record Fall Out Boy have ever made."
AllMusic,80,"The band have responded with their most stylistically hatstand-but-indisputably-best songs yet."
Slant Magazine,80,"And while this all may sound suspiciously over-indulgent, the fact is these self-styled 'soft-core' rockers are fulfilling their own prophesy."
PopMatters,80,"It's simply another sturdy album that plays up what Fall Out Boy does best: rocking the arena with barely a second to catch your breath."
Paste Magazine,80,"Whether intentional or not, there's a certain glee to FOB's pop absurdity because their cheerfully careless genre-bending has no reverence: fitting all these sounds and jokes into a pop song is all a game and it's one listeners can share, whether they're playing spot-the-allusion or just succumbing to the sugary hooks clustered within one track."
PopMatters,80,"This is a more sophisticated record that manages to keep intact the brash sensibility that helped attract all those fans in the first place."
Uncut,75,"Passionate, splashy, and ambitious, Folie isn't flawless by any stretch, but it's no folly either."
Mojo,70,"While Folie A Deux at times feels like the band are showing off the contents of their Rolodex, the album's standouts are so good that they will undoubtedly become standards for the band's live shows for years to come."
Austin Chronicle,70,"If the band could bring themselves to record with anything resembling subtlety, they might win over some skeptics. But they also might end up hanging with Lightspeed Champion. I suspect they'll take the trade-off."
Pitchfork,70,"In Fall Out Boy's world, tongue-in-cheek always trumps heart-on-sleeve. That's certainly the case on Folie  Deux, their most exuberantly cheeky release yet."
Hartford Courant,70,"Folie A Deux is entertaining in moderate doses, like its predecessor 'Infinity On High', where the band gleefully abandoned any last pretence to edginess."
AllMusic,67,"Low-tune for a pop band, low-momentum for a rock band, they stand a chance of evoking bad Elvis Costello when they take you by surprise or emote on in the background."
The A.V. Club,63,"But for all the steps forward, Folie a Deux also seems to contain a microchip for its own destruction."
Blender,60,"Patrick Stump is an impassioned frontman, and shows what he can do on the ambitious, multi-segment WAMS, but there's only so much creativity he can wring out of this conventional rock."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Folie A Deux recalls the high-impact pop oof 'Private Eyes'-era Hall & Oates, and that's preferable to sounding like Blink 182. [Jan 2008, p.104]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Folie A Deux is mostly a barrelling, hugely confident record that should see Fall Out Boy swiftly elevated into mainstream rock's premier league. [Jan 2009, p.112]"
Boston Globe,60,"Whether or not this is enough to inspire acolytes the likes of which this writer had a first-hand audience with some three years ago remains to be seen, though Folie  Deux does look certain to satisfy fans' appetites as much as it may surprise and intrigue certain others."
AllMusic,57,"This is a power-pop album released by the biggest Fall Out Boy-ish band working today, on a major label, but its also 50.4 minutes of Fall Out Boy music--an extended, incomprehensible and surprisingly marketable clamor, ambulance siren loud, of contradictory signifiers."
Hartford Courant,50,"Though Folie a Deux is still riddled with problems (ending the disc with the Survivor-esque closer 'West Coast Smoker' makes for a somewhat hurried conclusion), its still a musical leap in the right direction for the band, as it adds just enough new elements to keep things interesting while not straying too far from the sound that made them big in the first place."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The album's best moments are those that hum along unassumingly, giving the songs room to be catchy and simple and the hooks room to sneak up on you. These moments, however, are rare and fleeting."

Alternative Press,80,"While World is simply a fun pop record at its core, the effort, time and most importantly, experience (gleaned both from the members' extracurricular projects and the near-decade they've been together) that went into its making clearly sets AAR apart from newer bands who keep attempting to capture this same sound with much less ambition."
Spin,80,"If sonic similitude is any indicator of future successes, When the World Comes Down will only cement the band's top-of-the-heap status."
Rolling Stone,70,"Its completely clear and even traditional pop music, but those over 16 will likely have no use for it."
Dot Music,67,"While it's easy to digest, When the World Comes Down never quite ignites like their last one."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),63,"The Rejects are best at small ideas with a long shelf life. 'World' forgets that at points."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The manicured hooks on their third album show off AAR's drive, but the songs also show how normal these Oklahoma boys are, as songwriters and humans."
The Guardian,60,"Working with Good Charlotte producer Eric Valentine, the Rejects trick out their hook-jammed anthems with sweet strings, zippy disco beats, and the occasional bit of Gary Glitter bleacher stomp."
Mojo,60,"When the World Comes Down doesn't evince much growth, proffering more of the same hooky pop/rock centered around adolescent love and heartache."
Q Magazine,60,"When the World Comes Down houses a pretty vacuous core. If you are young and/or nave enough to dig this whole shtick, though, youre going to have the time of your life."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Discerning fans may demand something new from the band's next effort, however, since this is essentially 'Move Along' with a revised track list."
cokemachineglow,50,"Anything involving a string section is disastrous, but a couple of choruses are suitable for both raucous fist-pumping and rampant pouting."
PopMatters,40,"This is not an album that you're going to come back to again and again. It's tuneful in places, but ultimately pretty vapid."

Slant Magazine,80,"Glasvegas have managed to top their own previous efforts before we've even had the chance to get used to them properly."
Alternative Press,80,"Careful What You Wish Fors quality--along with that of everything else here, not least the closing Silent Night, featuring a full church choir epically utilised to yank up every hair on the back of the listeners neck--re-confirms Glasvegas position as the most exciting British band right now."
Boston Globe,80,"Glasvegas still strike the heart-strings, even without noisy guitars. [Jan 2008, p.94]"
The New York Times,80,"It makes for one of the few Christmas albums that stands repeated listening. [Jan 2009, p.116]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The contrasting, wrenching emotions of 'Fuck You, It's Over' and 'Please Come Back Home' are surpasssed only by the title track which perhaps most closely recalls Yuletide tunes of old. [Winter 2009, p.80]"
Los Angeles Times,65,"This is a bit more than a simple holiday cash-in, but it falls short of anything all that necessary or memorable."
Rolling Stone,60,"A Snowflake Fell could have worked as a series of effective B-sides or bonus tracks on the aforementioned album package."
Spin,60,"This stocking-filler Christmas album, with its punning title and three-hankie melodrama, is an unabashed homage to the erstwhile tycoon of teen."

Billboard,80,"Six tracks are leftovers from the Brian Eno-produced 'Vida' sessions, many of which make noticeable, if not exactly terrifying, departures from the band's swelling rockery."
PopMatters,80,"A slight change of pace can be seen in this EP with a hip-hop icon cameo and some Eastern embellishments that may hint to new musical endeavors for Coldplay."
AllMusic,75,"More than just a quickie disc of extras, Prospekt's March actually stands as the sturdiest Coldplay collection since 'A Rush Of Blood To The Head.'"
Blender,70,"None of this is major but it is enjoyable, worthwhile for the devoted--and it's nice they can get it separately instead of plunking down cash yet again for a deluxe edition."
musicOMH.com,60,"In truth, of the eight previously unreleased tracks, one is a not-massively-adventurous reshuffle (the Osaka Sun mix of Lovers In Japan), another a 48-second long incidental piano piece, another the version of Lost! that features Jay-Z on autopilot (ie, still quite amazing) but is on the flip of the single."
musicOMH.com,60,"Just as 'Viva' did an admirable job of troubleshooting the band's lazy weaknesses while expanding their sound, Prospekt's March offers a truncated version of their svelte and marginally progressive new formula."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"This EP collects recordings from the sessions for 'Viva la Vida,' Coldplay's most sonically tricked-out record, but the new songs feel too conservative after Viva's world-music-laden sprawl."

Uncut,80,"Happy in Galoshes isn't quite as textured or bright as '12 Bar Blues'--the smaller budget is evident in its muted colors as well as Weiland's sleepy delivery--but it has the same emphasis on churning psychedelia and clomping glam."
Q Magazine,70,"While the debut showed him eager to step outside the confines of STP, he essentially has nothing to prove here, and as a result, it's a casual-sounding record."
Under The Radar,70,"His latest is two discs and all over the highway, from the solid rock of 'Missin' Cleveland' to the banjo-glam ballad 'Tango With Your Mind' to the bossa-nova glide of 'Killing Me Sweetly.'"
Prefix Magazine,60,"With intervention from the boys of No Doubt and production help from Steve Albini, this sprawling album earns a fair hearing."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Happy in Galoshes is a fresh start for a rock star who began his career derided as a lightweight, but who is slowly gaining respect and credibility both in hindsight and looking forward."
The Guardian,60,"The singer's second solo album is far removed from VR's ass-kicking hard rock. [Feb 2009, p.108]"
Billboard,60,"Here Scott Weiland lets off steam in grand style. [Feb 2009, p.101]"
Hot Press,60,"Galoshes largely succeeds as a document of a delinquent soul finally coming to terms with his own past. [Feb 2009, p.119]"
The A.V. Club,60,"STP singer on the solo comeback trail."
AllMusic,50,"Mood enhancers like 'Blind Confusion' and 'Blister on My Soul' set tart melodies to a guitar punch that compensates for a shortage of coherent content. But from there, things slow down and bloat up."
New Musical Express (NME),42,"Sticky melodies crop up here and there, but they're badly outnumbered by turgid power ballads and indulgent experiments."
Pitchfork,40,"Galoshes is a fascinating mess."
Rolling Stone,40,"What he winds up with is an unfocused yet sonically balanced mess."
AllMusic,25,"It might be one of the year's worst albums, an underwritten, overarranged mess of factory-floor guitar fuzz, go-nowhere vocal melodies, limp electronic beats, and lyrical clunkers."

Billboard,91,"Cuomo pinpoints melodies as crucial outlets for depression, guilt, ecstasy. He even turns a seemingly facile collaboration with Jermaine Dupri (who knew?) into an autumnal catharsis--the best Weezer song you never heard."
Rolling Stone,90,"Cuomo still doesn't allow himself the freedom to venture in these directions on Weezer's albums, and that's what makes both volumes of Alone quite valuable: they're as eccentric as they are accessible, portraits of a pop hermit letting his mind wander wherever it may take him."
Spin,80,"It may be because of its unevenness that Alone II is an intriguing look into Cuomo's complicated mind, because unlike his largely homogenized Weezer albums that have stuck to the center of late, these recordings shed light into every dark corner."
PopMatters,80,"Cuomos notes contain detailed autobiographical backstories for each song, some of which are probably the best Weezer never recorded."
Mojo,60,"Other tracks--from the joyful 'The Prettiest Girl in the Whole Wide World' to the anxiety ode 'My Brain Is Working Overtime'--feel slightly undercooked. But they offer an intimate look at Cuomo's songwriting process --and proof that he truly needs his bandmates."
Uncut,60,"Alone II just isnt as strong as the first volume."
Q Magazine,60,"Alone was worth the occasional cringe to show Cuomo's experiments and sonic baby photos through the years, especially after three studiously formulaic records."
Hot Press,60,"The trilogy signals a deep strangeness in this tour through his psyche. Fortunately, it has a fairly shredding soundtrack."
Blender,50,"Between this and the first 'Alone' installment, there's enough gristle for the third-best Weezer album as yet unmade. Cuomo's Patron problems are beatable--it's the 'Pork & Beans' that's really derailed him lately."

Entertainment Weekly,70,"Lange keeps things rolling--and to his credit, Chad Kroeger gratifyingly comes off as more of a regular guy than a rock star."
Slant Magazine,70,"For the first time Nickelback is produced by Mutt Lange (AC/DC, Shania Twain), who has nudged from the band a tougher sound more suited to its inner louse....But he couldnt fully jolt the band out of its comfort zone."
NOW Magazine,70,"Its a steadfast assault, whether hes brooding over dust in the wind ('If Today Was Your Last Day') or idealizing a girl (She aint no Cinderella when she gettin undressed/Cause she rocks it like the naughty Wicked Witch of the West')."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Dark Horse is attractively adorned, but don't expect any sort of wild ride."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The bulletproof Nickelback provides affordable fun that promises good returns in hard times."
AllMusic,60,"Lange hasn't changed Nickelback wholesale: mostly, they still rock like a post-grunge Metallica. [Jan 2008, p.104]"
Billboard,58,"The band's Beavis- like embrace of rock & roll debauchery is a sort of marvel of low art."
NOW Magazine,50,"The addition of superstar producer Robert John 'Mutt' Lange to the mix ensures that everything here is as radio friendly and mainstream minded as heavy guitar rock gets."
Rolling Stone,50,"Theres no question about which side of the disc is the more interesting- sleaze beats manufactured sentiment any day--but ultimately its the country half that most people will pay attention to, and to that end there is very little to actively criticise."
PopMatters,40,"A familiar blend of big-riff rockers and pseudo-sensitive power ballads, Dark Horse won't win the Canadian band any new fans--or will its hearty endorsements of oral sex disappoint the devoted."
Pitchfork,30,"Dark Horse was constructed entirely from the group's standard templates of bleating power ballads and dulled hard rock."
Blender,30,"Their latest is ridiculously brazen, comically outsized, and defiantly Bruckheimer-esque."
Los Angeles Times,30,"Dark Horse finds the group at a creative low point. Each song sounds like an older, better Nickelback hit, and Kroeger only once displays his prior songwriting strength with the sad-bastard portrait .Just to Get High.'"
Rolling Stone,20,"The hilarious, parodic single 'Rockstar' excepted, Nickelback's music reaffirms every sex-and-stupidity cliche hard rock can offer."
The New York Times,20,"Kroegers voice sounds more like a wounded goat than ever before, and their blatantly recycled songs touch on familiar themes like strippers, sex, prostitutes, drugs, sex, drinking and sex."

Blender,90,"Theres still a lot to love about B&S, but there was something magical, otherworldly even, about them during this period that this compilation captures perfectly."
Boston Globe,90,"The album serves as an excellent chart of the band's evolution. [Holiday 2008, p.91]"
Billboard,83,"Serious fans will covet the four excellent unreleased songs from a 2001 recording."
Mojo,83,"Diehards won't be getting rid of their copies of 'If You're Feeling Sinister' or 'The Boy With The Arab Strap' anytime soon, but often these alternate versions are tighter and zippier than the originals, which make them a good introduction for new fans as well as welcome contrasts for long-timers."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Endearing sour trumpet and recorder notes on uptempo tracks like 'Judy and Her Dream of Horses' and a stunning 1998 version of 'Slow Graffiti' capture the essence of early Belle & Sebastian, while the four unreleased songs from 2001 find the group experimenting with funky, spoke-sung vocals ('Shoot the Sexual Athlete') and haunting atmospherics ('Nothing in Silence')."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Ramshackle, out of tune, fey and frail, not yet tightened by Trevor Horn, these tracks capture the essence of this band's particular genius. [Dec 2008, p.83]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Of course, the songs are amazing, but just as impressively, Stuart Murdoch's vocals are heartbreakingly sincere and soulful, and the band definitively belie their image as shamblers by sounding tight and together."
Spin,80,"Performing live in the BBC studios affords the group the ability to stretch out and test the new song ideas that made these one-off recordings so sought after by the groups most ardent sweater-clad fans. Regrettably, its not a comprehensive collection of their entire BBC recorded output."
AllMusic,80,"This collection of live radio performances from the band's early years is like a letter from an old friend long delayed in the post."
Village Voice,80,"The band rarely strays from the album versions of songs (sometimes to a frustrating degree; would it have killed B&S to record a version of 'Sleep The Clock Around' without the annoyingly long fade-in?), but such faithful rendering doesnt make the material predictable; rather, it shows the band at the top of its delicate game."
PopMatters,80,"These renditions, however, also stress how undeserved their reputation for tea-and-cakes twee was, using Stuart Murdoch's lyrical sharpness and the radio sessions' rough edges to draw blood. [Jan 2009, p.126]"
The Guardian,80,"Compilations of this sort can rarely stand as both, and The BBC Sessions, through innovative and intelligent sequencing as well as a dedication to the bands history, stands well above its peers."
NOW Magazine,80,"With or without the four unreleased songs, this was always going to be an essential collection for any Belle & Sebastian obsessive, and the credits are a reminder theres plenty more to come."
New Musical Express (NME),79,"Campbell's vocals sound breathless on the radio show, as she displays little vocal control, gasping for air between words and syllables. Despite that, it's still a worthy artifact."
Filter,75,"Songwriter Stuart Murdoch often makes good on Morrissey's promise to deliver songs that live up to their titles."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The selection is so good, the set doubles as a best-of--it's a fine intro to the group's tuneful world of lovelorn geekdom."
The A.V. Club,70,"The initial 1996 sessions emphasize the droll felicity of essential early songs 'The State I Am In' and 'The Stars of Track and Field,' tightening the comedic timing and ramping up the tension, making their adolescent trauma both funnier and scarier."
Billboard,70,"You might be surprised how much more there is to the band than 'Another Sunny Day' and 'Step Into My Office, Baby.' If youve been crossing the days off until the release, the last four tracks alone should justify investigation."
Uncut,70,"BBC Sessions will, if nothing else, serve as a satisfactory placeholder until the band reconvenes. [Year End 2008, p.84]"
AllMusic,68,"The BBC Sessions comes on the heels of 'Push Barman to Open Old Wounds,' which succeeded simply because it made neat work of the 'Lazy Line Painter Jane EP Box,' but BBC Sessions seems to somehow simultaneously offer more and less than that compilation."
NOW Magazine,50,"Truth is, theres nothing too striking on The BBC Sessions, save for the closing four tracks."

Boston Globe,100,"Sycamore Meadows is an album that was born from heartache, and its on its saddest and most visceral numbers that the album truly shines, and perhaps gives some validity to that old lie about art."
Magnet,83,"Sycamore Meadows is ultimately pretty uplifting, exuding a laid-back, Tom Pettyish tunefulness."
Q Magazine,80,"He's walking away on style, delivering a collection of distinctive songs. [Nov 2009, p.97]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Compare 'Here Comes The' with 'Vessels,' a breakup tune that eschews inconsolability for bright key changes and high anthemic vocals, and you get the full spectrum of Walker's songwriting ability, which is as razor-sharp in 2008 as it ever has been."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A new high point for the already accomplished Walker."
Pitchfork,80,"For much of the album, Mr. Walker sings about breakups and aftermaths, and songs like 'Here Comes the ...' and 'Vessels' show he can still write pop choruses. Now and then, his instinct for drama makes him sound mawkish. But hell probably never be so unguarded again."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"His latest album cannibalizes and spews out influences as diverse as gospel, glitter, metal, and folk, as well as elements of the aforementioned Petty, Springsteen, and Bowie in new and exciting ways."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sycamore has plenty of upbeat rockers to counterbalance its moodier moments. [Jan 2008, p.128]"
Spin,70,"Beneath the radio polish lies a wickedly caustic songwriting wit."
PopMatters,66,"I must say, raw musical elements aside, as a songwriter his storytelling ability alone wins the day. [Holiday 2008, p.106]"
Under The Radar,60,"Even when he's bumming, though, Walker still finds comfort in a good groove or a tart horn chart."
Lost At Sea,58,"Its an ideal time to simultaneously start over and glance back, which Walker does on Sycamore Meadows, trading the glammy style of his prior solo work for competent, traditional radio rock....Then again, youll need a high threshold for boorishness to enjoy his frequent autobiographical nostalgia for substance abuse, pubescent defloration and venereal disease."

Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"It's true that if you've listened to a lot of kraut music, you've probably heard a fair amount of work like this, but Reinhardt has put together a lovely little release here that's topped off with some great artwork and design."
Sputnikmusic,70,"In that regard, this self-titled effort is often a tribute rather than a new way forward, but Reinhardt's work is nonetheless very enjoyable, a way to regather these various strands from any number of limiting genre associations and reuse them in a new fashion."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Its good, and I dont mean just because it reminds me of Mass Effects soundtrack but on the terms of a record: it ingratiates and ebbs and even exasperates, at a stretch, before rewarding in the end."
Mojo,70,"e Kranky audience is likely to find the work here to be a charming retrospective. Newcomers should approach Reinhardts stuff as a pretty gateway to an era whose ideas continue to fertilize todays pop."
AllMusic,60,"Is Jonas Reinhardt successful as a piece of unique art? Absolutely. Is it successful as an album? To be honest, just barely."

Billboard,80,"Apparently the band's sixth studio album is their first to be written from electric guitar since their debut Good Feeling, and this shows strongly in the end result."
The New York Times,80,"Not surprisingly, its 11 songs bristle with an urgency that more closely resembles (but rocks harder than) Travis' 1997 debut 'Good Feeling' than 2007's sumptuously crafted 'The Boy With No Name,' with a decidedly uptempo countenance and plenty of room for lead guitarist Andy Dunlop's riffs, solos and fills."
PopMatters,80,"This is the grittiest album the band has yet put out."
Alternative Press,80,"The band flex all their muscles from a decade-plus of experience without hesitation and, more importantly, without overdoing it. [Jan 2008, p.129]"
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Consider it, then, an ode to what listeners liked about Travis in the first place."
Filter,70,"Travis have always been Quite Good, sometimes a little more, rarely less. This album heads a perceived slide into insignificance off at the pass and ensures the status quo."
Spin,70,"Like those old Kinks long players, the best way to enjoy Ode to J. Smith is as individual songs based on their own merits."
Paste Magazine,70,"Ode isn't quite as strong song-wise as 'The Boy' but it makes up for the difference with its deepened palette--again, this palette may not be as rich as some of their peers, but compared to Travis' other work of the past decade, this is richer and livelier as sheer sonics go."
Almost Cool,70,"These punchy guitars help Ode To J Smith avoid falling into the diluted space that Travis has been increasingly slipping into with each consecutive album. [Winter 2008]"
AllMusic,67,"The music crackles with an energy Travis havent mustered in years, but the typically lightweight tunes don't always justify the newfound tonnage, which makes Ode to J. Smith wear thin on repeat listens."
cokemachineglow,60,"Where that Travis pointed a way out of Britpop, this one seeks the comfort of how guitar bands sounded before then, the bristling energy recalling early REM, the Chills and even occasionally Nirvana."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"All round, this is filled wiith pleasant rather than memorable tunes. [Oct 2008, p.113]"
PopMatters,60,"In stepping out of their comfort zone and trading in their previous identity, it seems Travis haven't yet decided who or what they now want to be. [Oct 2008, p.144]"
musicOMH.com,60,"No one's about to mistake them for Sonic Youth, but the sheen of easy listening has been stripped away, and they sound all the better for it. [Oct 2008, p.110]"
Billboard,50,"There's a serviceable chug underneath as well--somewhere between skiffle and glam. But almost inevitably, the energy vaporizes whenever Fran Healy's immobile wisp of a voice enters."
Hartford Courant,50,"Despite refreshingly brief songs, frontman Fran Healy can't resist self-conscious vocal flourishes that insist he's imparting great truths (shades of Bono), and the bombastic arrangements encourage Andy Dunlop to uncork cheesy, stadium-seeking guitar riffs."
Alternative Press,42,"Ode To J. Smith is the sound of a band too boxed-in to do the hooky melancholy it used to do so well, but too neutered to really rock out."

Paste Magazine,90,"Where the Tokyo-based quintet's heavier side might normally overshadow Thursday's more sensitively nuanced post-screamo, the transitions here are seemless. [Dec 2008, p.130]"
Dot Music,80,"Stellar production yields rich sounds assailed with raw emotions. These tracks are fully developed. No doubt, the vocals may grate on critics, but there are a lot of reasons to like this split. Especially Envy. Enjoy."
PopMatters,70,"This split is a nice mix of an old band showing they can still play with the best of them and a band that's still trying to figure out just who they want to be."
AllMusic,70,"Envy certainly do their fair share of the legwork in making the split a success, but its the surprise of Thursdays evolution that provides the richest reward."

Under The Radar,60,"Season of Poison is bound to please fans of goth metal and electro-laced rock, and the gorgeous 'Frozen Oceans' appealingly finishes the album with lush balladry. Even so, this seems like a slight stumble after 'We Are Pilots'' strong start, although Shiny Toy Guns have yet to lose their momentum."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Poison excels at using retro flourishes without drowning in nostalgia or irony, and it never forgets the future is brightest. [Jan 2009, p.130]"
The Guardian,60,"Treasure's aggressive style deftly balances Cad Petree's more melodic side, and sees the band straddling the line between insistent, hard-hitting rock and Coldplay-esque balladry. [Nov/Dec 2008, p.87]"
Uncut,40,"The band sounds like they're simply trying too hard to keep up with their more contemporaries, and it shows; the song writing is poorly executed, the syrupy hooks are, for the most part, dull and unimaginative, and the band fails to cover any ground it already hasn't before."

Q Magazine,100,"EODM thrives on confidence, not exploration, and Heart On finds the pair plenty cocksure."
Mojo,80,"On their third album, the duo are as danceable as ever, but they've tiptoed away from straight musical pastiche, crudding up their blues boogie with low-fi fuzziness and oddball percussion."
Rolling Stone,80,"QOTSA may be rock at the edge of the abyss, but Heart On vaults right over, taking flight on an updraft of woozy audacity and shuddering riffs."
Spin,80,"Fans of the goofy rock send-ups Hughes and Homme did on 'Peace Love Death Metal' and 'Death by Sexy' might think the pair are taking themselves too seriously here, but they add just enough maturity to the mix to make Heart On a consistently great album."
The A.V. Club,80,"The tracks on Heart On don't veer from EoDM's favored subjects of Los Angeles fakery, sex, girls, sexy girls, and how they're gonna get sexy girls. But shit, that doesn't matter because they're sure as hell sticking to what they do best (with their trusty cow-bell, no less): they make you want to rock out and get your sleazy dance-on at some greasy bar with a PBR."
Alternative Press,80,"All round, a party atmosphere prevails--and undoubtedly a good time is had by all."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"This album knows how to party; it rocks like a beast."
Sputnikmusic,74,"Heart On does reveal a slightly maturing sense of pop songcraft from Hughes and Homme."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"With his buddy Josh Homme from Queens of the Stone Age, Hughes gets the details right all over Heart On."
AllMusic,70,"The songs themselves live in the present--and live all over the place."
Alternative Press,70,"Ocasionally, the shtick does wear a little thin and they lope off towards water-treading mid-pace. The line between parody and genius is always going to be fine."
Urb,70,"Eagles Of Death Metal have crafted a soundtrack to hedonism, a series of paeans to earthly and earthy pleasures and deliciously illicit behaviour. It's enormous fun all right but it's a long way from being a joke."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The third album of the formula, the lovely-titled Heart On, shows that the Eagles of Death Metal have reached their limits, but not without a noble effort to keep on rockin."
The A.V. Club,60,"Heart On is on par with the band's previous efforts when it comes to ultra-swarthy innuendos. [Dec 2008, p.146]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The duos third LP wont reconcile the two camps; in fact, Heart On may be the first EODM album to really make the detractors case. Chugging riffs and falsetto vocals abound on these 12 tracks, but instead of indulging whatever black magic that kept 2004s 'Peace Love Death Metal' and 2006s 'Death By Sexy' from devolving into jokey karaoke, Hughes and Homme decide to play it mostly straight."
Spin,60,"Aside from being completely disposable, Heart On isnt quite a bad album."
AllMusic,60,"Their third album is more highly evolved than what normally constitutes straight up good-time rock. [Feb 2009, p.105]"
Urb,60,"The first half of Heart On is a heroically hedonistic party, but it's the subsequent comedown that, inevitable, lingers longer. [Feb 2009, p.113]"
Uncut,50,"Heart-On, despite its snarling, strutting riffs, feels disappointingly lightweight. [Year End 2008]"

The Guardian,80,"4:13 Dream is admirably taut and vibrant."
Pitchfork,80,"He has regularly crept back to the light of the charts and 4:13 Dream is such an occasion. And one which, given the 80s revival, is timed to perfection."
Blender,80,"Overall, 4:13 Dream is an extremely consistent album throughout its runtime."
Boston Globe,80,"While the album wont produce any converts or even revive interest in the bands newer music among purists, its an enjoyable, self-assured collection of jangly guitar pop tunes that sounds guided by the groups own creative compass instead of fickle fans expectations."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Amid the frenzied melancholy, theres filler and a histrionic misstep or two, but for those willfully lost in the perpetual adolescence Smith has always documented, heres the new soundtrack to Saturday night."
Dot Music,80,"The lush arrangements on 4:13 Dream don't build a Wall of Sound so much as a whitewater, where heavily distorted guitar and effects share momentum with fluid melodies and memorable pop hooks."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The territory is familiar, occasionally too familiar....But its not a comforting nostalgic reprise; its another plunge into the maelstrom."
Alternative Press,80,"The new album has a more nuanced sound and a wealth of interesting songs."
Magnet,80,"This is the first Cure album in a long time thats more than just another Cure album."
PopMatters,75,"Smartly pivoting from 2004's oddly aggro 'The Cure,' Smith once again indulges in his patented bipolar cocktail of feedback-drenched swoons ('Underneath the Stars') spiked with bursts of giddy pop ('The Only One')."
Mojo,75,"While it's too familiar to be revelatory, it's invigorating all the same."
Q Magazine,75,"Even with a dozen records behind him, Smith, when he puts his mind to it, remains a master at crafting concise masterpieces of bouncy pop majesty."
Under The Radar,70,"Smith sounds less like a lovesick prince in 4:13 Dream's looping-riff viscera and swallow-you-whole echo, and more like the avenging middle-aged Roger Waters on Pink Floyd's 'Animals.'"
The Guardian,70,"The album may lack the emotional heft of the Cure's more patient, atmospheric recordings, but should it wind up being the group's last, it will be remembered as more than an unnecessary footnote."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Not all this mope-a-dope sounds fresh, but let's hope Smith doesn't find his cure for pain just yet."
Sputnikmusic,70,"If it aint broke you may smear it with red lipstick and back-comb its hair. But do NOT fix it."
Urb,70,"An every-other pattern emerges, where a lesser song is followed by a great one. [Winter 2008]"
Blender,69,"He isnt mellowing with age, but serving up more Cure, as youve come to expect."
Billboard,67,"The only problem is that the rambling approach that let Smith get these things out has kept the results from being all they might have been."
The New York Times,67,"The Cure inventor Robert Smith remains almost immune to studio dilapidation, but if lucky No. 4:13 Dream could never hope to equal the seminal goth pop of Three Imaginary Boys (1979), Pornography (1982), and/or Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me (1987) by design of natural evolution, neither is it the Wild Mood Swings of the post-Disintegration (1989) paradigm."
Slant Magazine,60,"Even if he never wins back the Interpol/Bright Eyes bystanders he lost with 2004's overly heavy, underachieving self-titled punt, Smith finally rewards longtime fans with a proper Cure album, not a quasi-solo-project facsimile."
Uncut,60,"Obviously nobody's expecting them to record anything revolutionary at this stage of their career, but it's fair to say that this album will probably only get Cure enthusiasts excited."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"What Smith sees in goth-metal is a mystery but, sure enough, the final third of 4:13 Dream is studded with the sort of big-haired, suffocating fluff ('The Scream', 'It's Over') that has blighted his band's reputation in recent years. A shame because, at best, when they reconcile themselves to the fact that they are essentially a pop act, albeit one whose dark side is more pronounced than most, the Cure are as thrilling now as they were in the Eighties."
The A.V. Club,60,"The four-piece line-up allows for some breathing space amid the existential shitstorm. [Dec 2008, p.101]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The songs generally hold up, but the production job remains confounding. Keith Uddins meaty fists have ruined this album."
Rolling Stone,60,"In the end, 4:13 Dream is nothing but a solid to shaky late period album from a band thats due cant really be understated."
Hartford Courant,60,"Self-parody has lately been The Cure's greatest enemy: here, happily, it's not the main attraction. [Jan 2009, p.113]"
Boston Globe,50,"Sprawled over 13 tracks, The Cure have attempted a microcosm of their oeuvre in one volume and despite their lofty ambitions, the results are a decidedly mixed bag at best."
Hot Press,40,"The tunes are occasionally catchy, if too often merely adequate, and the instrumentation feels like a familiar, if torn, blanket when its not trying too hard."
Under The Radar,40,"Despite the preponderance of sprightly tempos and sing-song hooks, nothing about 4:13 Dream feels especially light, perhaps because Robert Smith chooses to pair these purported pop songs with a heavy dose of affected angst."
Paste Magazine,40,"4:13 Dream is slightly better than the misguided hype suggests."

Pitchfork,91,"Ryan Adams and his backing band The Cardinals have got their sound down to a science, all right: Cardinology, as embodied by their fourth album in as many years, is a precisely calibrated method of creating cool, reflective pools of vocal harmonies and pedal steel, accented from time to time by fiery electric-guitar licks."
Austin Chronicle,80,"These are modest pleasures but these days Ryan Adams is all about careful measured craft instead of big statements, a trade-off that makes his albums more predictable but also more satisfying as Cardinology quietly proves."
Spin,80,"Musically, the band works up a handsome country rock sound with shades of the Rolling Stones and Wilco throughout, making room for swagger ('Fix It,' 'Magick') and sentimentality ('Natural Ghost,' 'Evergreen') in equal measure."
musicOMH.com,80,"Cardinology is a classic-rock record to the bone, nodding to influences that Adams has conjured before but never so well."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"With its poignant beauty and powerful songwriting, Adams' latest is, well, the latest in a string of ever-better sad-bastard records."
Mojo,80,"After this blisteringly good start, Cardinology settles down into a languid country-rock groove - beautiful at times, intensely listenable and professional, but probably not breaking any new ground."
cokemachineglow,80,"If only a few of the tracks rise to the greatest heights of which Adams is capable--like the poignant closing salute to sobriety, 'Stop'--the rest remain impressive pictures of craftsmanship."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Like the rest of this moving album, it whispers in the dark instead of hitting you in the face. [Dec 2008, p.110]"
Q Magazine,80,"A thin line between revelation and revivalism, Adams and the Cardinals make an album worthy of high praises."
Dot Music,80,"Gently blurring the lines between the warm golden haze of pedal-steeld country rock with elements of tasteful, classicist new wave, the quietly intimate Cardinology jettisons the schizoid, freewheeling genre-hopping of previous records, giving the album--and, most important, the songs--an intensity of focus where there was once just intensity."
PopMatters,80,"Ryan Adams asserts a distinctly Americana ethos into dynamic, woven layers of rock on Cardinology, showcasing the diverse range of this prolific songwriter nd his backing band. [Jan 2008, p.129]"
AllMusic,75,"Even at his slightest--and Cardinology is pretty slight--Adams always turns out likeable ear candy."
NOW Magazine,70,"Cardinology lays even deeper into the language of rehabilitation, grace and renewal."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The new attention to cleanly produced and perfectly played and arranged backdrops function as both a blessing and a curse. The songs that do work, work that much better; the ones that couldve been saved by charming details, top-shelf vocals, or Adams lyrics end up sounding too safe, too easy."
AllMusic,70,"Like 'Tiger,' Cardinology is long on midtempo country-rock shuffles that sound comfortable with their own familiarity; Adams isn't straining to reinvent the Great Art of American Songwriting, and that allows you to focus on what he and the cardinals are actually playing, as opposed to what they're thinking about playing."
Billboard,64,"If this album is a misstep, its a minor one with more than a few ?moments of redemption--the latest missive from a talented group of musicians likely to find their way back to the path before long."
Rolling Stone,63,"If that makes it sound like Adams and company arent pushing musical boundaries this time, its true, but theyve settled into a groove that works just fine for now."
Hartford Courant,60,"Those songs ['Magick,' 'Sink Ships,' and 'Natural Ghost'] are out and out missteps, ones that keep Cardinology from being a great record, despite some very strong moments."
musicOMH.com,60,"Ultimately, Cardinology serves as another minor indictment of Adams famously lackadaisical internal editor. Neveretheless, it is still, almost infuriatingly, a stretch better than most people at their best."
Boston Globe,60,"Much in between sounds like Adams on autopilot. Godd, but never great. [Dec 2008, p.122]"
Mojo,50,"He has found ways to marry sentiment with strut before, and when it happens here, as it does in the steady march that propels 'Born Into a Light' and the guitar solo bridge on 'Like Yesterday,' the album has a powerful presence. These moments are rare, however, and too often Cardinology seems content to float along on an oily sea of good feelings and bad attitude."
Hot Press,50,"The first half of the album as a whole is easy to forget....Cardinology takes a turn for the best around the midway point."
Prefix Magazine,50,"So if youve always wanted to hear U2s frontman lead a hook-filled classic country/rock band, Cardinology is for you. If, however, youre waiting for Adams to deliver the classic album his prodigious talents seem capable of, youre stuck waiting until his multiple personality disorder wears off and he remembers who he is. [Year End 2008]"
Alternative Press,47,"Following those pleasantly modest, Paste-worthy beginnings, however, Adams draws the blinds entirely and Cardinology starts sliding into self-indulgent banality of a sort so pinched and uninviting it makes Conor Oberst seem like Will Rogers."

The A.V. Club,80,"Whether or not you can get with Malin's other records is immaterial; this one should be embraced by anyone who loves rock & roll."
Blender,80,"For the Malin faithful, these are the seeds from which the glitter in the gutter sprung. [Nov 2008, p.129]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Solid and stolid live album from glam punker turned roots rocker."
Spin,60,"Odds and sods, then, but not without appeal. [Jan 2008, p.101]"
Paste Magazine,50,"On Your Sleeve acts only as a fine stopgap until Malins next release proper. This late October disc still plays as more treat than trick for his loyal fanbase."
Los Angeles Times,50,"There are some highlights--an electro update of the Stones' 'Sway' and a sweet harmony-laden take on Neil Young's 'Looking for a Love'--but other tunes feel too heavy for Malin's reedy voice."
PopMatters,40,"An album as close to a dictionary-standard definition of the word mediocre as there is likely to be in the whole of 2008."
Uncut,20,"Rather than offering reinterpretation, Malin sounds like an annoying guest at a house party, who despite all efforts to hide the guitar has found it and insists on playing a disparate bunch of songs much to the annoyance of everyone else, none of whom quite have the heart to tell him to stop."

Q Magazine,80,"Hank Williams III has always respected his lineage, but he gives it even more love at the outset of his poignant and pugnacious sixth album."
Slant Magazine,80,"Damn Right Rebel Proud seethes with an energy and a perspective that's too often lacking today, and it reaffirms that it's far more than just his name that makes Williams one of the genre's most vital artists."
Dot Music,80,"Though he can give good ballad he mostly sticks to what suits his gritty vocal and his attitude best: speed-grass. [Dec 2008, p.108]"
Under The Radar,75,"There are more signs he also got some of his granddaddys talent for mapping complex emotions with a few economical strokes of the pen. In Damn Right Rebel Proud he careens from the stone country remorse of 'I Wish I Knew' to the psychobilly ode to the truck-driving man of 'H8 Line' to the 10-minute, three-movement nose-thumbing epic 'P.F.F.' offered in tribute to G.G. Allin."
Pitchfork,70,"From a musical standpoint, Damn Right, Rebel Proud is every bit as solid as 'Straight to Hell;'...But lyrically, too much of the time all Hank has to tell us is he's messed up and ready to rearrange some faces."
AllMusic,70,"The subject matter is well-trod, but Hank III keeps things engaging, thanks to a country-punk sound with a strange bent."
Alternative Press,70,"Hank Williams III certainly isnt the hillbilly Shakespeare. Hell, he isnt even the hillbilly Alexander Pope. But he gets the job done."
Hot Press,40,"Damn Right Rebel Proud, typically, raises less convincing hell than plenty of current mainstream Nashville product."
Uncut,40,"Clich-ridden and full of awkward rhymes and stilted phrasings, his songs are too often fixated on his own bad self, on celebrating his excesses, romanticizing their dark side, and asserting his outlaw bona fides."

PopMatters,83,"As rock goes, Symmetry remains a relatively quiet riot, but in the context of the band itself, it's a welcome revelation."
Rolling Stone,80,"Perfect Symmetry bursts out of the gate with a suite of giddy, '80s-inflected Brit pop songs that, surprisingly, suit the band well."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It is a surprise and a thrill to hear that even as the band enters its 'artsy' phase--expanding its instrumental palette to include mewling saws and clattering percussion--the songs remain uniformly excellent from stem to stern."
musicOMH.com,80,"Perfect Symmetry is often an exhilarating and unexpected pop record from a band you'd have thought incapable of either, and there's something genuinely life-affirming about that."
Billboard,80,"It's one of the least boring records you'll hear this year. [Nov 2008, p.108]"
Slant Magazine,70,"On album three, Keane trick out their pretty piano melodies with tasty synths ('The Lovers Are Losing'), booming rap beats ('Spiralling'), and fuzzy new-wave guitars ('You Havent Told Me Anything')."
Mojo,70,"Keane still have a tendency to get mushy and melancholic when the ballads get big (check out the meaning- of-life musings on the synth-whipped title track), but even the mopiest moments leave you in good cheer."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Often during Perfect Symmetry, listeners of a certain age might find themselves recalling Simple Minds or Tears for Fears. Whether that thought fills you with delight or revulsion rather determines the album's appeal."
AllMusic,60,"It's ambitious, triumphantly executed stuff--melodically, lyrically, Tim Oxley-Rice is a vastly superior songsmith to Chris Martin--and will doubtless shortly be inescapable. But you can't shake the dispiriting feeling it might have all been expressly commissioned by Dave Cameron for the opening night of London 2012."
Rolling Stone,60,"The band's underlying strength remains Chaplin's ability to turn a melodic phrase with grace and dexterity, which fails to lose its vitality no matter the musical context, but Keane's willingness to take these left-hand turns deserves its own share of accolades."
PopMatters,60,"While this isn't the daring brave leap forward that was whispered about when Spiralling was released, it will no doubt prove another multi-million seller for the trio from Battle."
Spin,60,"That means when Perfect Symmetry is at its best, youll think of a-ha, and when its at its worst...Go West, anyone? And yet, the more things change, the more they stay the same, and underneath it all, this is very much a Keane album."
Boston Globe,50,"Unfortunately, Perfect Symmetry is an album characterized by its heavy-handedness, so while it sounds as though the band was aiming for Echo & the Bunnymen, they hit Duran Duran or Simple Minds instead, making for a brand new record that often sounds badly dated."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Despite its boldness, Perfect Symmetry is as swollen with corny grandeur as a political convention, guided by the delusion that a pompous speech somehow becomes fun if its accompanied by a balloon drop."
Billboard,40,"The trio have bounced back from frontman Tim Rice-Oxley's surprise 2006 stinct in rehab by discovering the '80s. And not in a good way. [Nov 2008, p.108]"
Boston Globe,20,"Musically, theyve ripped off swathes of things contemporary and popular to make them hip, but it just feels like some dodgy old guy at a bus stop telling you he digs Klaxons."

Dot Music,92,"Little Honey finds Williams in celebratory mode, with raucous rock, bluesy testimonies and tongue-in-cheek twang."
Q Magazine,91,"Williams spent much of this decade proving she can branch out, but here she's staged something even more impressive: a pleasing homecoming."
Spin,89,"With Little Honey, she pays back fans whose faith had waned as her songwriting grew pedantic on recent albums such as 'West.'"
Rolling Stone,88,"There's a raw energy on Little Honey--which arrives this week, a little more than a year after 2007's 'West'--that's as refreshing as it is palpable."
The Guardian,80,"Williams and Elvis Costello get their twang on for the spirited 'Jailhouse Tears,' and a combination of new elements (horns) and powerhouse playing by her touring band Buick 6 bolster the set's emotional heft."
Uncut,80,"While it shows that the 55-year-old barbed-wire country singer is wary of rock's trappings, Little Honey proves she's still crushed out on the music."
AllMusic,80,"The result is her finest record since 'Car Wheels on a Gravel Road,' the decade-old masterpiece by which her career will always be judged."
musicOMH.com,80,"Little Honey is a heartening and humble album, sufficiently smart and aware to be an expression of thanks for the journey as well as the destination."
PopMatters,80,"Little Honey is easily Williams' least depressing album in years, which doesn't sound like much of a compliment until you consider that she sounds downright happy on some of these tunes for the first time in, well, maybe ever."
Slant Magazine,80,"Lucinda Williams provides instruction for those who feel fucked around and fobbed off at 40-something."
Blender,70,"'Real Love' is the first of a number of raucous tracks on the very good, though a tad uneven, Little Honey."
Mojo,70,"So while there are a few more missteps here than were used to seeing from our beloved Lucinda, for the most part, her music has survived that awful, awful curse of falling in love."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Despite the metaphysical yet conversational Knowing and a sexed-up title track that begins with his come in her hair, she doesnt offer enough evidence that her new love is any realer than all the others shes exulted and struggled through in eight albums going back to 1979."
Paste Magazine,70,"With Little Honey Williams has once again assured her fanbase that she is incapable of releasing an album that is anything less than collection-worthy and wholly listenable."
The A.V. Club,67,"And though those positive vibes yield some correspondingly fun tunes, the disc feels a bit underwritten at times."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Upon first listen Little Honey is quite jarring for all of its textural and production shifts and dodges, but in time it settles into the listener as a mixed collection of decent songs that pack some punch, but no jaw-dropping wallops."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Williams does sound inspired, and theres an energetic current running through Little Honey that was missing on previous records."
Billboard,60,"Little Honey is, then, a something for everyone offering. And a few will be disappointed. [Nov 2008, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The happy-in-love rockers are doggedly inessential, but ballads such as 'The Knowing' and 'Plan to Marry' redress the balance beautifully."
Spin,57,"While Williams generally sticks to her strengths and suppresses most of her more unsavory musical habits, she maintains her curious reliance on tacky AABB rhyme schemes and lyrical clichs."
Uncut,50,"When shes hurting, she can still sear. [But] too often here, though, Ms. Williams gets bogged down turning her magnifying glass back on music making."
Hartford Courant,40,"For an artist whose reputation for painstaking perfectionism and poetic acumen is legendary, Little Honey is too much saccharine and not enough substance."
Hot Press,40,"For such a distinctive voice, disappointingly run of the mill. [Nov 2008, p.123]"

Slant Magazine,80,"Gossip in the Grain is LaMontagne's most adventurous recording, yet in many ways it's also the most focused and well executed."
PopMatters,80,"While there's not a bad one in the bunch, once you've heard LaMontagne loosen up, you're left starving for more of it."
Blender,80,"While ['You Are The Best Thing'] gets the LP off to a rousing start, the song also serves a thematic purpose by celebrating the pleasures and synergy of a smoothly functioning conjugal unit--an ideal that stands in stark contrast to the romantic torment that follows."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The intense and intensely bearded Maine singer-songwriter showcases a lighter side on his superbly crafted third disc."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Now we get Gossip in the Grain, the artists most cohesive, career-defining album to date."
AllMusic,80,"It might alienate those who prefer him to wallow, but there's magic and bravery here. [Dec 2008, p.130]"
NOW Magazine,78,"Gossip finds the perfect balance between his raw emotional pull, singed in the soft sway of 'Let It Be Me' and on desperate ballad 'Winter Birds,' with Ethan Johns' deftly layered production and arrangements."
Mojo,70,"Gossip in the Grain clearly shows he can do more than the typical singer-songwriter navel gazing."
Observer Music Monthly,67,"On Gossip in the Grain, he slides effortlessly between horn-inflected R&B and hushed Nick Drake-like folk, with stops in between for string-band country, flute-flavored chamber pop, and harmonica-stoked blues."
Pitchfork,67,"His voice proves his best instrument, which doesnt make him any different from other earnest strummers out there. It does, however, invest these songs with a distinctively twilit poignancy."
The New York Times,60,"Well respected for sparse, plaintive bummer folk since his 2004 debut, LaMontagne gets a bit more expansive here, gently juking his earthy rasp with Stax-y horns, guitar twang, and lilting lady backup vocals."
Boston Globe,60,"It's so earnest, you hope everything works out--so long as he doesn't steal the White Stripes drummer away from her main gig."
Q Magazine,60,"Although LaMontagne fans will surely lap up this new offering, the album doesnt have enough quality content to really sustain the interest of new listeners."
AllMusic,50,"Although an album of undoubted breadth and invention, Gossip In The Grain may only serve ultimately to send fans back to the stark beauty of 'Trouble.' [Fall 2008, p.76]"
Billboard,40,"Elsewhere, Lamontange's vocals slip back into mope mode, but his tour band's firm playing and decent string arrangemebts add an aura of depth and substance. [Dec 2008, p.110]"

Uncut,80,"The Secret Machines takes the band back where they started, focusing on blistering psych-rock that's nonetheless accessible and doesn't sound like it's overcompensating for something, even if there's plenty to compensate for."
Boston Globe,80,"It may not contain anything as seismic as 'First Wave Intact,' from their debut 'Now Here Is Nowhere,' but the band's self-titled third album reasserts the Secret Machines identity whilst revealing a fragile underbelly."
PopMatters,80,"Eleven-minute closer 'The Fire Is Waiting' is a sub-Mogwai damp squib, but this album reaffirms not just what Secret Machines believe in, but what they're best at--making accessible prog with shiny buttons."
Q Magazine,80,"The NYC three-piece are a band playing to their strengths. [Feb 2009, p.113]"
Austin Chronicle,75,"They're sticking with bloated track lengths and overblown lyrics. Thankfully, they haven't lost their touch for thunderous rhythms or layered production, either."
Slant Magazine,72,"Secret Machines remain the same band responsible for 'Now Here Is Nowhere' and 'Ten Silver Drops,' which means the toughest tracks often still devolve into hypnotic grooves and motorik mutations, and the gentlest starts often lead to the most bombastic conclusions."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Adding electronic gurgles to heavy, prog-rock power chords, The Secret Machines recalls Rush and Black Sabbath at one end of the sonic spectrum ('The Fire Is Waiting') and David Bowies spazzier, punk-era edge at the other ('Atomic Heels'). In between those far-flung atmospheric poles, the band proves theyre more than just the sum of their seamless influences."
Paste Magazine,70,"If David Lynch were to direct a remake of the Victorian romance Wuthering Heights, he wouldnt need to commission a soundtrack; Secret Machines have recorded it."
Spin,70,"This is a familiar brew for the Secret Machines, but that doesnt make it stale."
Rolling Stone,66,"When the lead is the guitar, the result is sometimes meandering but occasionally mind-blowing and never on the wrong side of good. Hand the lead to the vocals and bring on the yawns. [Fall 2008, p.97]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"Despite the bands mechanical leanings, theyve always been able to let emotion seep through the swell and walls of distortion and static; its a trait the band shares in common with few of their louder (current) contemporaries. But the opening half of the album is not powerful enough to convince the listener of much of anything."
Under The Radar,60,"Established fans will respond with delight to the staccato wall-of-sound guitars; new listeners may not necessarily show the desired Ooh, theyre so hard! response."
Mojo,60,"There are no embarrassing stabs at pop crossovers, no bitter jabs at the record industry. Just tuneful and accomplished, if somewhat anachronistic and faceless, BIG MOODY ROCK."
Village Voice,60,"Songs remain huge, sitting just the right side of overblown, ornate but never delicate, as if hewn from stainless steel. [Feb 2009, p.93]"
musicOMH.com,60,"On the new one, the drums still thunder and the space rock vibe is intact, but something is missing--and Im not sure that something is Ben Curtis."
The Guardian,60,"The old fervour remains intact. In truth, their third LP holds few surprises. [Feb 2009, p.116]"
Mojo,50,"Perhaps due to the heavier sound, perhaps due to the departure of Ben Curtis, The Secret Machines doesn't pack much of a punch. [Fall 2008, p.78]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"['The Walls Are Starting To Crack'] is a refreshingly weird passage on a record that otherwise deviates little from the brawny but accessible psychedelia of the band's first two."
Pitchfork,50,"Secret Machines is a bit of a misstep, failing keep their languid, explorative tracks from growing dull. [Dec 2008, p.148]"
Spin,50,"It's a workmanlike and often wearisome ambition that proves the record's undoing, which leaves The Secret Machines V2.0 sounding less the stadium-psych messiahs and more like a trio of very naughty boys."
Blender,40,"lack of inspired songs, the pedestrian guitar work, and the overall lack of dynamics in the overblown performances make Secret Machines another unfortunate stumble for a band that once held some real promise."

The New York Times,80,"Peace Queer includes an acoustic antiwar rant and a ghostly reading of Creedences 'Fortunate Son' (with Patty Griffin on backup vocals). But the high point is a ragged bar-band jam about the dissolution of the middle-class dream ('Stuck on the Corner [Prelude to a Heart Attack]')."
Filter,80,"Peace Queer is a short and bittersweet gem, a rant that's funny enough to make the venom sting all the more and a cry of protest with joy and compassion in its heart."
Prefix Magazine,70,"On this eight-song EP--available for free on his Web site--the amiable 42-year-old lends his peach-cobbler drawl to songs about maimed soldiers and power-drunk bullies, a doleful cover of Creedence Clearwater Revivals 'Fortunate Son' and 'Mission Accomplished (Because You Gotta Have Faith),' which deploys a Bo Diddley beat to excoriate a leader who drove us off a cliff and told us we were flyin."
PopMatters,67,"Todd Snider's a misfit's kind of misfit, and like his previous disc, 'The Devil You Know,' his latest eight-song offering cuts biting satire into the truly poignant."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"With the help of folks like Kevn Kinney, Patty Griffin, Will Kimbrough, and others, Snider gives us eight songs that pack more wallop than their laid-back vibe suggests."
Uncut,60,"The other two tunes here, the instrumental 'Ponce of the Flaming Peace Queer' and a once-again-relevant cover of 'Fortunate Son,' work fine, but, coupled with the albums brief tracklist and tossed-off nature, they make Peace Queer little more than a focused stop-gap between proper albums."
No Ripcord,60,"For his last couple of albums, cowpunk songster Snider has pitched himself in the sort of satiracally confrontational and liberal-minded territory occuupied by Randy Newman or Steve Earle. Peace Queer follows that pattern. [Jan 2008, p.113]"
Q Magazine,60,"For his eigth studio album he's gone over the top politically. [Feb 2009, p.116]"

Under The Radar,75,"Reefer works best as a moment thats fleeting."
The A.V. Club,70,"Despite it all, Reefer is Thorburn's best album of the year, and it is so successful because it feels tossed off, like he's not trying so hard."
Alternative Press,69,"Reefer feels like a pleasant departure from that tired self-parody; tossed-off but in a good way."
Dot Music,60,"As a whole, Reefer has proven its capacity for producing sunshine hits, but only time will tell if it will be able to push itself past the spaced-out beaches of Maui and towards more diverse soundscapes."

AllMusic,80,"These lads really knock together a proper tune. [Oct 2008, p.108]"
Spin,80,"This is a hugely infectious debut. [Oct 2008, p.81]"
AllMusic,60,"It's not going to challenge anyone, but it would bring a welcome touch of class to the charts. [Oct 2008, p.139]"
Blender,40,"They rarely take a step out of their neat little country twinged pop-rock corner. This is a real shame because these songs belie a musicianship that can produce work much greater than this."

Austin Chronicle,90,"What's striking about Dig Out Your Soul is how its relentless onslaught of sound proves as enduring as the tunes."
PopMatters,80,"It won't win them any new fans, but those that believed the truth last time will dig this."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"More than anything else, theres a feeling that Dig Out Your Soul might actually be their best album in over a decade. In other words, not quite the fabled, oft-promised Best one since fookin 'Definitely Maybe!'' but certainly the best one since fookin '...Morning Glory.'"
Uncut,80,"Those follow-up albums were disappointments because, aside from a catchy song or two, they were tedious. Dig Out Your Soul defies this trend and is their most compelling offering in years."
Q Magazine,80,"Noel Gallagher comes up with a half-dozen tracks as good as the classic-rock epic 'The Turning,' or 'The Shock of the Lightning,' which swaggers as confidently as Oasis did a dozen years ago."
Prefix Magazine,80,"With this balanced collection of solid rockers, more airy, toned-down tracks and far less self-indulgent noodling, Oasis prove they can learn from their mistakes."
Pitchfork,70,"Noel Gallagher wrote two more tunes here, both excellent. Unfortunately, age has softened his heart, and he cedes the album's other half to his bandmates (including lead-singing brother Liam), who offer subpar material."
cokemachineglow,70,"Dig Out Your Soul, however, is the sound of a band rediscovering its snarl."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"To that end, and overabundant allusions to The Beatles aside, Dig Out Your Soul is a feat in its own right."
Mojo,70,"Noel provides the best songs on Dig Out Your Soul, although his bandmates certainly cant be accused of slacking in their efforts. The problem with this one is that its front-loaded with Noels songs, which makes the proceedings start to drag a bit."
Uncut,67,"Qualitywise, most of the tracks here are more ''Bungalow Bill'' than ''Eleanor Rigby.''"
Q Magazine,67,"Dig Out Your Soul continues Oasis' relatively impressive late-period resurgence."
musicOMH.com,63,"There's a forward motion to the backward glances, but the spiritual-philosophical bent of many of the songs suggests that brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher preferred the era when rock stars set out to explore the meaning of life rather than maximize the monetization of their brand."
AllMusic,60,"Oasis can still occasionally produce songs suggestive of the breezy insouciance that marked their early years--the new single 'The Shock of the Lightning' among them--but more often on Dig Out Your Soul, they sound as though they're killing themselves trying to come up with something that'll do."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It's an uninspiring ending to a record that it's best faces up to some pretty downbeat truths and thus seems to fit right into the current national mood."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If there are moments when the feted snap and snarl of yore amounts to little more than ramming generic blues licks down the audience's throat, they're tempered with moments of discovery like the lysergic 'To Be Where There's Life' and 'Falling Down' which displays an uncharacteristic lightness of touch."
Slant Magazine,60,"It sounds so good; really, it sounds better than it is."
Hartford Courant,60,"For those who have happily stuck around this long already Dig Out certainly wont be the straw that breaks the camels back--by all means, it lightens the load quite considerably. But it does so with the dawning realisation that, 17 years and seven albums in, this is a high point in a career deficient in high points."
NOW Magazine,60,"Overall, Dig Out Your Soul is a dark, heavy, chart-snubbing record that acts Oasiss age (main songwriter Noel Gallagher is 42) and is their first in eons that doesnt seem desperate to please. Oasis have their devil back."
Spin,60,"On a cursory listen to Dig Out Your Soul, it's hard not to think 'yeah, it's Oasis' and then unwittingly switch off - not through boredom or distraction, but because it's all so comfortable and, well, familiar."
Billboard,60,"Dig Out Your Soul might not be the sound of envelopes being pushed, but its mix of kitchen-sink production and too many vague songs mark a deviation from business as usual that ultimately fails to deliver. [Nov 2008, p.105]"
musicOMH.com,60,"A second Oasis album to better 'Standing On the Shoulders Of Giants' and 'Heathen Chemistry,' but one too, that promises so much only to fall so short. [Nov 208, p.104]"
Trouser Press,50,"This album shows that they know what they're good at and that their latter-day acoustic balladry and epic wanking were getting tired. [Fall 2008, p.77]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Dig Out Your Soul is an almost comically generic Oasis release, from its preponderance of plodding midtempo rockers ('Bag It Up,' 'Waiting for the Rapture') to the vaguely Indian raga-flavored psychedelic anthems ('To Be Where There's Life')."
The A.V. Club,49,"for now we're stuck with Dig Out Your Soul, which like every Oasis album from 1997's 'Be Here Now' onward, makes cursory gestures toward making the band's mod-rock more modernist, before reverting back to the same ol', same ol'."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Dig Out Your Soul isnt the worst record Oasis have produced, but even the heavily shat-upon (an unfairly so, in this writers opinion) Heathen Chemistry was comfortable within its own skin."
The Guardian,37,"An overall sound thats been compressed and flatlined into one continuous buzz, this sounds like a tired band that had already gone through the motions before it even started."

Uncut,91,"Chief Lambchopper Kurt Wagner's magpie tendencies are fully displayed on the band's lovely 10th proper album."
Dot Music,90,"OH (ohio) is flat-out one of the best records Lambchop has made, and certainly their best since 2000s classic 'Nixon.'"
The New York Times,83,"With OH (ohio), Wagner has crafted a soundtrack of specific detail for that lazy mid-morning melancholy that comes to anyone who feels like the world is turning without them. Enjoy it."
PopMatters,83,"Whatever: just?listen to the damn disc."
Blender,80,"Taken as a whole, however, OH consists of more stellar stuff from a band thats always taken the tortoises view of the race."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While the upbeat Lambchop records of the past are missed, OH (ohio) is a well-paced and engaging trip through Wagner's lush, scenic tunes."
Mojo,80,"Their tenth LP OH (ohio) lands with some nervous expectation attached. As it turns out, its their best record since 2000 landmark, 'Nixon.'"
Q Magazine,80,"As ever, Wagner's narratives, such as on 'National Talk Like A Pirate Day,' are impressionistic, shifting time and perspectives, like the Norman Raeburn-influenced Dylan of 'Blood On The Tracks.'"
Under The Radar,80,"His dry, enunciative singing style still achieve a remarkable combination of pretension and playfulness. Lambchop may be evolving, but its capacity for sounding like nothing else remains intact."
Rolling Stone,80,"OH (Ohio) is a singular accomplishment, and it's hard to imagine anyone but Lambchop doing this so well--or even imagining it at all."
Pitchfork,80,"'Of Raymond' one exquisite lick of brass sends out enough light to illuminate the whole record. [Nov 2008, p.106]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"The emotional tenor on Lambchops 10th LP is hard to miss. Not that theres anything wrong with being touchy and tender, but the calm, spare arrangements on OH (ohio) can only be described as pretty."
Paste Magazine,79,"Consider OH the 'most Lambchop' of Lambchop releases, as it swings through almost every tone in the band's history of influence-collisions, arriving at a soul of its own."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The album's pace quickens on tracks such as 'Sharing A Gibson With Martin Luther King, Jr.' and 'Popeye,' only to drift back into the lilt that makes OH (Ohio) one of Lambchop's finest. [Fall 2008, p.76]"
PopMatters,70,"OH (Ohio) ends with a straight-faced rendition of the hokey country standard 'I Believe in You,' with lyrical mush about dogs and babies, but Wagner sings it like he wants to believe every word."
Lost At Sea,70,"That is part of Lambchops charm--irony might be the hipster flavor for the time being, but youd be hard-pressed to find less ironic and more modestly beautiful sentiment than on OH (Ohio)."
Paste Magazine,70,"Its restrained combination of new and old, tradition and innovation, sums up the strengths of OH (ohio), an album which isn't another Lambchop masterpiece, but rather a fine addition to an extraordinary body of work."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Give Oh Ohio time--there's more than enough here to breath life back into a resurgent band."
Billboard,70,"Oh (Ohio)'s languid chamber folk murmurs as expected with Wagner sketching vivid relationship dramas like a master painter. Should it all sound overly proper, a closer listen revals sly humor in the details. [Nov 2008, p.96]"
Uncut,67,"OH (ohio) gets the sophistication and tone right, but something's slightly off."
Dot Music,60,"OH (Ohio), typically for the Lambchop, is at its best when it's specialising in tight-wound reserve."
Boston Globe,40,"After nine albums the Nashville oddball's parade of styles has dissolved into ambient noodling."
AllMusic,40,"The Nashville bands ninth studio album is definitely sleepy and nuanced, only Wagners halted singing is disintegrating further into the background as the overall sound inches closer to adult contemporary."
Mojo,40,"Aside from the relatively oomph-laden, piano-driven 'Sharing A Gibson Withh Martin Luther King Jr.' and a lonesome cover of Don Williams's 'I Believe In You,' there's barely a melody to savour. [Nov 2008, p.118]"

Magnet,80,"is a spooky yet beautiful offering by one of our best musical poets; a true outsider trying to come in from the cold."
Pitchfork,80,"As always, her uniquely sooty voice gives her the feeling of an old soul while lending levity to her darker songs."
Under The Radar,80,"Its a shade more rock and roll, an ounce more blunt, a great deal of fun, and it documents an increasingly confident artist wielding prime, unpretentious material."
Blender,78,"She's never been as in control of her voice, an incredible instrument that is as strong as it is attractive. And on The Living and the Dead, it's found just the right setting."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"In 'Your Big Hands,' she and her pals work up a rowdy roadhouse groove worthy of Car Wheelsera Lucinda Williams. And 'Mexico City' has ringing 60s-pop guitar twinkles that give her melancholy travelogue a welcome splash of whimsy."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Hollands fourth--and perhaps best--album (featuring contributions from collaborator M. Ward and guitarist Marc Ribot) foregoes the smoky speakeasy atmosphere of 2006s Springtime Can Kill You for a more contemporary roots sound, which provides a more evocative backdrop for her signature vocals."
musicOMH.com,75,"The good news is that the album is downright delightful. The bad news is that if you've followed Holland since her first release, you're probably not looking for an album that's merely consistent singer/songwriter fare: no, you want the highs and the lows."
Spin,74,"The Living And The Dead serves as the latest chapter in Holland's story, and here the lady troubadour continues with a writer's knack for making every next page better than the last. [Fall 2008, p.102]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Retro-atmospherics guru M. Ward and grizzled guitar genius Marc Ribot leave their dusty fingerprints. Holland leaves behind a trail of her own."
The Guardian,70,"Holland has gathered together chronicles of her life and created a patchwork quilt of evocative songs rendered in her smoky folk-blues singing voice. [Fall 2008, p.76]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"While keeping the same mix of hushed beauty and spooky old-time feel, Holland seems much more direct and confident, a forwardness that risks losing some of the mystery, but instead ups the awe factor."
NOW Magazine,70,"Holland has a soft spot for sad sacks --the 'ghost-faced junkie' of 'Corrido por Buddy,' the lover who made her 'little heart a graveyard' on 'Palmyra'--but her honeyed harmonies keep the mood from getting too gloomy."
Q Magazine,70,"The music--Holland co-produced the disc--is stripped to its essence but is often upbeat and graceful with cameos by guitarists M. Ward and Marc Ribot."
AllMusic,70,"However much she slurs her lines on this fine fourth album, the shabby rockers and frayed ballads cut deep. [Nov 2008, p.93]"
Hartford Courant,70,"Former Be Good Tanya delivers modern americana nugget."
PopMatters,60,"Her new disc is a sweet, infectious collection of alt-country that tackles broken hearts (Palmyra) and Jack Kerouac (Mexico City)."
Pitchfork,60,"The Living And The Dead finds her broadening her palette, enlisting Tom Waits guitarist Marc Ribot to bring a miore rock flavour. It's only partially successful. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"With ace guitarist Marc Ribot on board, it's rockier than her three previous outings--but in a good way. [Nov 2008, p.121]"
Paste Magazine,40,"A few songs confirm her gifts....More often, self-satisfaction takes over and the final track's dull. [Nov 2008, p.108]"

Lost At Sea,80,"The first disc, Elephants, pitches its tent closer to the Happenstance camp with lushly textured ballads, while Teeth Sinking Into Heart plays up the singer's debt to rock artists like PJ Harvey. The latter CD is the biggest surprise here, as it displays a swaggering confidence that wasn't as evident on Yamagata's previous releases."
Filter,80,"On the first part (Elephants), she sticks to brooding breakup ballads with long, languid piano chords and lush string arrangements, the perfect soundtrack for the lovesick....The mood changes radically on the second part, when Yamagata emerges with gritty, garage-rock tunes a la PJ Harvey, delivering defiant hooks with the energy of someone taking revenge."
Blender,80,"Elephant's songs of love and death are heart-wrenchingly sad, movingly performed and sung in a poignant, luminous voice betwixt pop and country folk-country. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
Under The Radar,70,"Elephants is a hushed mood piece that's all wet vowels and damaged love; Teeth is filled with rock & roll bite and gloves-off verses."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"The result is a slog that'll have you reaching for the happy pills. That said, Yamagata's delivery is gorgeous."
Rolling Stone,60,"Though each disc has its own powerful moments, the weaknesses are all eventually magnified by this unnecessary segregation of styles."
Boston Globe,60,"She's more convincing as a moper, but the album's alternately punchy and slinky conclusion is heartening proof that's she's no quitter. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Spin,60,"If you had Yamagata bagged as 'winsome singer-songwriter,' the breadth and ambition of this double-disc will knock you sideways. [Apr 2009, p.105]"

Hot Press,100,"This is DiFrancos most sophisticated album, a musical convergence of her best qualities: warm singing, graceful writing, experimentation."
NOW Magazine,80,"It is among DiFranco's best records, and along with Sam Phillips' 'Don't Do Anything,' one of the only singer/songwriter albums to really push the envelope in new directions in 2008."
Uncut,80,"The 37-year-old singer/songwriter is a new mom in love with her daughter's dad, and the experience has saturated every element of her work, from the warmed-up sound of her voice and guitar, to the lessons learned at the end of her familiar narratives."
Q Magazine,80,"Two years, then, feels like a long time to wait for an Ani DiFranco album. But when the results are as gorgeous as this, patience is a small price to pay."
Mojo,80,"In this diary, the groove can be as meaningful as the words."
AllMusic,74,"Looser and funkier than 2006s 'Reprieve,' Red Letter Year is a dazzling folk/punk/jazz hybrid."
Billboard,60,"There's nothing close to shitty about Red Letter Year; it's DiFranco's third redemptive studio album in a row (starting with 2005's 'Knuckle Down') and that's certainly something worth celebrating."
Mojo,40,"Much of the album sounds like she's simply going through the motions, occasionally picking imagery seemingly just because it rhymes."

Rolling Stone,91,"The Rage Against the Machine guitarist's remarkable transformation from purveyor of weapons-grade funk-metal riffs into introspective protest folkie yields even more impressive fruit on his second solo effort The Fabled City."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"With The Fabled City, Morello's growth as a topical songwriter is enormous; he's brought the singer/songwriter into a cultural discussion, a dialogue, where we can dialogue not only about characters (who are treated with dignity as speaking subjects, not merely as objects to hang a tune on) and their struggles, but also with popular music again, as a ready tool for awareness of the world around us."
PopMatters,75,"Morello's singing could inspire chuckles rather than revolution. But on The Fabled City, he and O'Brien have dressed it up enough to make it seem almost super at times."
Spin,70,"With The Fabled City, Morellos Nightwatchman has fulfilled much of the promise hinted at on One Man Revolution. [Winter 2008]"
Uncut,60,"Lyrically, Morello still goes over the top, piling on biblical references and Dylanesque nonsense like 'one-eyed crow, tappin' on the windowpane.' But with a solid band behind him, he seems much more confident in his new role as a modern protest troubadour."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Arguably anything Morello releases is worth listening to and The Fabled City, while not perfect, is no different. [Oct 2006, p.153]"
AllMusic,50,"The protest ballads plod, and even the song about praying for God to drown the president sounds more weary than pissed. The Nightwatchman is that rare crusader whose secret identity is more exciting than his alter ego."
Billboard,50,"On his second agit-folk album under the Nightwatchman persona, Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave guitarist Tom Morello incorporates electric instrumentation and foregrounds his sonorously ponderous baritone, aspiring to, if not attaining, the gravity of Johnny Cash, Tom Waits, and Nebraska-era Bruce Springsteen."
PopMatters,40,"As a lyricist hes dull and unimaginative and as a singer hes extremely limited: both facts detract considerably from the obvious passion he exhibits elsewhere for his music and his politics."
The New York Times,30,"Thus the biggest flaw on The Fabled City lies not within the music, but with the brusque seriousness of Morellos rhetoric and delivery that veers dangerously close to self-parody."
Paste Magazine,20,"Every song is predictable, workman-like, lacking invention."

Slant Magazine,90,"Even if McMahon's inspiration (lyrical and otherwise) are transparent on Passenger, the execution of his influences is impeccable. [Oct 2008, p.147]"
Boston Globe,70,"With plain-spoken songs like these, he's already made a more honest album than many of his emo peers."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The Glass Passenger might not bare the same pop hooks as 'Everything in Transit,' but it does stay afloat under the weight of McMahon's past, which bodes well for the songwriter's future work."
AllMusic,60,"The Glass Passenger, the group's second album, chronicles McMahon's successful battle against leukemia, matching hyperemotional melodies with his tender voice on dramatic tracks."
Los Angeles Times,58,"Jack's Mannequin frontman Andrew McMahon sticks to his formula of friendly piano and new-wave-influenced beats on his second album."
Under The Radar,50,"Perhaps if these songs were served with a helping of irony, it would be easier to swallow, but as it is, The Glass Passenger crumbles under its own weight, largely due to the fact that McMahon is no longer writing songs just for fun the fun of it."
Rolling Stone,40,"While his big, piano-led MOR tunes are launched from a good place, they land in a fairly awful one. [Apr 2009, p.105]"

Alternative Press,90,"President isn't just one of the year's best; it's one of the finest efforts to come out of hip-hop in a long time. [Dec 2008, p.153]"
Blender,80,"Murs for President has a cumulative bang that's impossible to deny."
Spin,80,"Mr. Dibbs and Oh No might have been preferable to will.i.am and Nottz, even though the beats here are decent enough. It's cool to see Murs get the money he deserves for his project and even to hear him team up with luminaries like Snoop, and it's head and shoulders above the other garbage the major labels are circulating these days."
Sputnikmusic,80,"So with Murs for President, he just did what he does, churning out another strong album of choppy retro samples that pretend chipmunk-soul and snap never existed."
PopMatters,78,"Murs' spitball rhymes and thick beats have always showcased a proclivity for stardom, and they bear fruit on the soulful piano galumph of 'Time Is Know.' [Fall 2008, p.102]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"President is patchy, but the consistent ''time to change'' message still makes Murs one of rap's most memorable lyricists."
Alternative Press,75,"Murs For President is pretty much the kind of album its creator might have made for Definitive Jux or Rhymesayers: lots of good, specific, thoughtful lyrics about politics and love (which dominate the album's first and final thirds, respectively) that treat them like everyday concerns rather than grandstanding."
Rolling Stone,72,"Murs for President isnt the most perfect campaign, but its more than worthy of being on the ballot."
AllMusic,70,"Murs was obviously ready to put his best foot forward--and yes, Murs for President is just as ambitious as the title indicates."
Spin,70,"Cameos range from Kid Rock to Snoop Dogg, and Murs' swift rhymes, chunky beats, and distinctive rapping style showcase an appetite for the sounds of high fashion gleam and street swagger. [Fall 2008, p.88]"
Entertainment Weekly,68,"Murs for President is such a weird album to listen to in a strictly critical sense, where it stands as a more-or-less average release."
PopMatters,60,"His major-label debut after years on Def Jux feels status quo for the most part, and new labelmates will.i.am and Snoop only dilute his product with lazy cameos. But theres still much to admire about Murs campaign to turn on some heads."
Q Magazine,60,"As strong as many of the tracks on Murs for President are, they are inevitably marred by the aforementioned duds. Without those, it would be a different story for Murray."
Alternative Press,60,"A usually sharp MC, Murs sounds conflicted throughout, a little too anxious to be loved by everyone. [Dec 2008, p.74]"
Spin,50,"Too often, though, Murs's charm is scrapped in favor of finger-wagging and outright lecturing about respecting women, reaching out across racial lines, and any number of other things that are relevant but in mainstream hip-hop are like vegetables being forced down our throats."

RapReviews.com,80,"Victory Shorts is an assured, confident, and quite often brilliant album by a band that is clearly influenced by the past but never falls prey to easy nostalgia."
Village Voice,80,"Victory Shorts is the perfect addition to their oeuvre, building on 2006's Schmotime with the same irreverence and deep-seated emotion that turns a good record into a great one."
Filter,80,"Victory Shorts makes art-pop by contrasting Michaelson's mordant lyrics and juanty, sophisticated melodies. [Oct 2008, p.139]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"If only Michaelson's lyrics could match theirs for social insight, devastating romanticism or sharp wit. Nonetheless, this second album gleams with promise."
The A.V. Club,60,"Absentee's Dan Michaelson proves he could give Lee Hazlewood and Mark Lanegan a run for their money, but its not just his voice that plumbs depths. [Oct 2008, p.81]"

Paste Magazine,90,"The Power of Negative Thinking isn't the whole JAMC story, but it's the whole story behind the scenes and A-side singles, and sometimes the B-sides. Even better."
AllMusic,89,"What's most surprising is the strength of the original B-sides, such as the shoegazed summer dream 'Happy Place,' girl group siphon 'Suck,' and bassist Ben Lurie's 'Rocket,' which could easily reside on any of JAMC's studio LPs and absolutely trump anything by the band's innumerable acolytes."
Under The Radar,87,"Rarely does a track on this set demand skipping, and even the scant missteps are worth at least a few listens--like any great band, the JAMC lived and learned."
Pitchfork,80,"These guys were rubbish as careerists, essentially banishing much of their stronger material to the depths. So think of The Power of Negative Thinking as the great unveiling."
NOW Magazine,80,"This is a great collection of B-sides, cover, demos, acoustic versions, and more from the brothers Reid. [Fall 2008, p.90]"
PopMatters,80,"Well yes, there's that ear-splitting explosion of aural nihilist expressionism, but still it's thrilling and has lost little of the initial impact. [Dec 2008, p.120]"
The Wire,80,"The only danger of such an exercise being the risk of tarnishing the legend. But there's no problem here. [dec 2008, p.100]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The Power Of Negative Thinking is a weighty, absorbing, often hugely entertaining and occasionally thrilling curio. JAMC completists will love it, but four CDs worth?"
AllMusic,80,"Devoid of the melodies that lurked beneath the feedback on their remarkable debut album Psychocandy, they give a flavour of what their chaotic, violent gigs must have sounded like, but if the Jesus and Mary Chain had only sounded like that, no one would have cared."
musicOMH.com,78,"Cool is a fleet-footed concept, and revisiting JAMC--particularly the new content--is a genuinely pleasant experience. [Fall 2008, p.105]"
Q Magazine,75,"With its handsome hard-cover packaging, clear-plastic paper-stock photo galleries, candid liner-note interviews (conducted in early 2007), and ridiculously detailed Pete Frame-drawn family tree poster, the set provides a handy opportunity for newbies to play catch-up on the band's history-- and for anyone who first came into contact with the Mary Chain via the closing credits to 'Lost in Translation,' only to be scared off by 'Psychocandy's' torrential noise."
The Guardian,70,"Its hard to snipe at a bloated box set like this when so many of the songs are just downright spectacular."
Uncut,60,"Four discs of this kind of horseplay might be too much for casual fans, but feedback freaks will savor the nuclear noise pop."
AllMusic,60,"Their rock'n'roll commitment is beyond doubt, although casual observers might want to wait for their promised new album. [Dec 2008, p.142]"

Austin Chronicle,100,"The dreamy 'Cold Desert' is the perfect maudlin end to this short, sharp, 42-minute, no-filler album, revelling in every miserable blues-rocker clich as Matthew's guitar goes all shoegazey and then briefly threatens to turn the whole thing into a 'Purple Rain' wig-out."
Paste Magazine,83,"Throughout Only by the Night, frontman Caleb Followill wails forlornly about cheap thrills and true love while his two brothers (and a cousin) bash? out spooky, raw-edged riffs that rarely go where you expect them to."
Village Voice,80,"As it is, it's a very fine record from a band who are seemingly growing in stature, confidence, and ability by the day."
Under The Radar,80,"The four players are able to design the tracks in architectural detail, each part locking into the rest with unerring precission, and this tautness keeps the album from sagging through its most challenging stretch. [Oct 2008, p.78]"
Mojo,80,"Kings of Leon needed to make a very specific sounding type of album in order to seize their moment, and that they have done, entirely successfully. [Oct 2008, p.134]"
Uncut,80,"On their fourth album, the Kings of Leon still rule with a messy hand, applying rough magic and blurry, slurred imagery to their swashbuckling rock."
Magnet,80,"It's the mark of a great band when each new album is better than the one before it, and with Only by the Night, Kings of Leon shows once more just how great a band it has become."
The Guardian,80,"Its a tight, very good album and although itll have its unfair share of detractors, like the rest of the bands albums, it will shine no matter what."
Filter,70,"Like their last, Only By The Night is front-loaded with world-beaters but then gradually ebbs back to more interchangeable moments. More than ever its strengths, when it succeeds, later become its weaknesses. It tries a mite too hard."
Pitchfork,70,"There are a few head-scratchers,....but singer Caleb Followill has never been in better command of his beyond-his-years howl, and he's got monster hooks and melodies yet in his bottle of tricks."
PopMatters,70,"When Caleb evokes God's wrath on the 'crucified U.S.A.' or describes lost-highway lonelines, the batter-fried U2 atmospherics and portentous Dixiefied grunge makes his worry as real as Brimstone. [Oct 2008, 2008, p.80]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Like many big-sounding albums, Only by the Night is a polarizing piece of work, one that targets new fans at the expense of those who wish Kings of Leon had never shaved their beards or discovered post-'70s rock."
Q Magazine,70,"They're better when they're reflective, not reflexive, as on the galloping, careening 'Be Somebody' and the mournful 'Cold Desert,' but the album lacks the hooky rock the band once pulled off so effortlessly, even when thry weren't trying. [Fall 2008, p.91]"
Observer Music Monthly,67,"It's clear they're ditching the indie legitimacy for the stadium-packing, lighter-waving crowd. Thankfully, it's a fully earnest aesthetic, and the record showcases a variety of songs without being crippled by the indulgent filler of albums past."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"Lord knows that's not the sound [arena-ready guitar] likely to revitalize rock music in 2008, but it's generally a convincing fit for the extended Followill clan, whose salty earnestness grounds some epic production."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Only By The Night is best viewed as a transitional record from a band who have quite literally done their growing up in public. [Oct 2008, p.98]"
Uncut,60,"Much of Only By the Night is unmistakably the work of a band making music with arenas in mind. Sometimes it's intriguing."
Q Magazine,60,"This isnt natural territory for Kings of Leon, and it often shows. At times the band seems content to channel the monumental sweep of U2."
Spin,60,"Through headphones or computer speakers, Caleb's echoey vocals just don't ring credible. Their Black-Crowes-go-new-wave choruses are exciting enough, but they feel unearned after tiresome, oversung verses."
Hartford Courant,60,"Only by the Night is long on astral, arena-ready largeness, with blippy keyboards, droney guitars and whoa-oh-oh backing vocals."
Delusions of Adequacy,58,"I have enough faith in this band to presume theyll eventually see Only By the Night for what it is, as a fourth album hiccup that fails to play to their strengths."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"While their ambition for evolving remains admirable, their apparent failure to understand their own strengths is troubling and undermines the promise they showed on their previous efforts."
Billboard,50,"This is an album which feels like it was made quickly, not because of artists reaching a terminal velocity of creativity, but to take maximum advantage of an audience who may not be there this time next year."
Blender,50,"Only by The Night will undoubtedly sell bucketloads but there's no escaping the fact that creatively, Kings Of Leon have stalled."
AllMusic,45,"Essentially a funhouse mirror of 2007's far superior 'Because of the Times,' Only by the Night stumbles under the weight of its ambitions by lacking the songs necessary to support them"
Filter,40,"Only By The Night has exposed itself as the weakest Kings Of Leon album. [Fall 2008, p.76]"
The A.V. Club,40,"For the most part the record is a sluggish mess of sweeping guitars and stoner-rock sounds, not unlike what you might hear at a high school talent show."
Los Angeles Times,38,"Surely, we can do better for the platonic ideal of a rock band than four guys gunning for a spot rightfully inhabited by My Morning Jacket but instead coming up with the best songs 3 Doors Down never wrote."
Mojo,30,"Kings of Leon here depend on a major label production budget rather than hooks. Caleb Followill's nasal yelp remains totally disarming, but the stupidity of 'Sex on Fire' douses all credibility."
The Guardian,20,"Where surprises could be found with each previous release to give even casual fans something to appreciate, Only by the Night delivers an even serving of Ritalin coma stadium rock destined to raise their prime age demographic."

The New York Times,75,"Big Bad World also features some cranked-guitar rockers seemingly designed to prove the band hasn't gone (totally) soft, but even those ring with echoes of 'Delilah'"
Village Voice,70,"Big Bad World is a tidy, enjoyable release, and the Plain White T's deserve points for remaining grounded after a meteoric year."
Rolling Stone,60,"Doo-wop-inspired harmonies lend a barbershop charm to the Chicago quintet's earnest and energetic pop-punk sound, though the retro styling of World occasionally comes off as more tired than inspired."
cokemachineglow,60,"Where past albums documented a litany of bummers, cascading melodies now airbrush moments of depression or kinkiness--even the horny groupie of 'Natural Disaster' sounds like a girl you could take home to Mom. Higgensons new outlook is surprising."
Slant Magazine,40,"Plain White T's are ultimately as bland and banal as the clothing they take their name from. [Dec 2008, p.133]"
musicOMH.com,25,"This time around, it's all saccharine pop and desperate ballads."
Dot Music,10,"One cant help but be at least slightly impressed at the precocious skill with which these polished musicians craft songs so completely shiny and empty."

Prefix Magazine,91,"The Neil Young and Beatles influences are laid bare, the quirkiness is now more tuneful than cerebral, and the band has surrendered to the basic human craving for candied country melodies."
Under The Radar,85,"Blitzen Trapper are no longer talented jacks-of-all-trades, but a master of one, and Furr is proof that this already-great band gets even better as they define themselves more specifically."
NOW Magazine,84,"Furr's tight structures and stripped bones soar. Not that they've abandoned that record's ['Wild Mountain Nation'] sonic spectrum entirely; there's plenty of buried headphones treasures throughout, and they still steal gleefully from your parents' best records. [Fall 2008, p.92]"
Pitchfork,83,"Theres no room for filler here; momentum carries on and roams wide but never eases."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Blitzen Trapper's first release for Sub Pop doesn't just improve upon the promise of WMN, it expands its sonic horizons as well, narrowing the mixtape glee that fueled its predecessor with just enough maturity to lend it considerable weight."
PopMatters,80,"Throughout the album, Blitzen keep their songs highly tuneful, making Furr a breakthrough worthy of toasting with a microbrew, or several."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Furr is a brilliant and hard-earned combination of ambition and craft, two qualities albums rarely have at the same time in the oversaturated age of ProTools."
AllMusic,80,"Furr is the work of an assured band that are in confident command of their craft."
Alternative Press,80,"Their determination to leave no musical stone unturned means Furr is substantially more fun than is normally expected from Dylan-loving Americans with an affection for facial hair."
Blender,78,"Blitzen Trapper's fourth album and Sub Pop debut delivers a more polished, coherent vision while not sacrificing the Portland sextet's vividly eclectic contortions through alt-folk and garage rock."
Q Magazine,75,"Furr still finds Blitzen Trapper as a band thats relentlessly restless, just one thats purposefully that way."
The A.V. Club,70,"While there isnt anything as blisteringly heavy as 'Woof & Warp of the Quiet Giants Hem,' as gritty and grimy as 'Miss Spiritual Tramp,' or even as trippy and psychedelic as 'Hot Tip/Tough Cub,' there is still plenty to love on Furr."
PopMatters,70,"Its good where it has to be good and it hits the notes its supposed to, but other than that its tough to find Furr inspiring in any way, especially with such a specifically backwards-looking strategy employed."
The A.V. Club,70,"The band's freak-out, slacker glam jams return, but it's Earley's comparatively focused alt-country side that impresses."
Pitchfork,70,"Singer-guitarist Eric Earley accesses the haunted Americana Wilco nailed on 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot,' with big nods to mid-'60s Bob Dylan, early-'70s Neil Young and the country Grateful Dead. [Oct 2008, p.78]"
Filter,70,"Furr is a more consistent body of work, a perfect fall soundtrack rife with woodsy imagery."
Paste Magazine,70,"Enjoying Furr, then, depends entirely on your ability (or willingness) to ignore the heavy footprints of familiar musicians."
AllMusic,60,"Furr is country-chic posturing that works from a distance: as twangy background music for those elites who watch their politics on MSNBC."
Rolling Stone,60,"To the bands credit, the album does warm-up to the listener with consecutive listens, but Blitzen Trapper will have to play some reputable live shows in order to distinguish themselves from the indie rock masses."
PopMatters,60,"There's enough diverse material here and in the past to build your own army of darkness. [Fall 2008, p.74]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Theyve topped up every track with so many hooks and contemporary indie rock clichs that their new songs sometimes go right past catchy into corny."

The Guardian,80,"[Laurenz's] supple grooves energise their quixotic synth patterns and intricate guitar-scree, ensuring this wordless yet dramatic debut triangulates the oft-dweebish worlds of electronica, no wave and retro sci-fi with a funky red-blooded brio. [Sep 2008, p.106]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Edgy and highly innovative for the most part, Pivot do have some so-so moments too. But overall this is good stuff; they are trying to push the boundaries of music and, as a result, they sound like nobody else."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Like all the best instrumental music, it's evocative stuff: the trio's multi-layered blend of vintage synths, skittering beats and crashing post-rock instrumentation keeps your mind's eye busy with images of futuristic cityscapes, gallant space troopers and, on the riotous title track, Jean Michel Jarre and Vangelis teaming up to battle Rage Against the Machine for sonic supremacy."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Just some progressive musicians beingprogressive. O Soundtrack My Heart is not for everyone, and thats not a bad thing."
Dusted Magazine,76,"Despite all the quasi-soundtrack leanings, Pivot also possess that rare balance of immediacy and densely populated song-spans."
Spin,75,"More than their previous efforts, this album exhibits the depth and experience that they have gained from such collaborations."
Blender,70,"Its a tricky album to judge, considering its best moments are easy to overlook, but theres enough to make this worth a listen and suggest that better days might lie ahead."
Billboard,70,"You will eventually find points that shine with the steady strength of a lone lamppost, then build your bearings outward. [Fall 2008, p.82]"
Magnet,60,"On the whole Pivot seem hesitant to surrender anything of themselves--they've sacrificed the time taken to craft the whole dextrous thing, of course, but the temptation is to see that as slightly indulgent when there seems little attempt to ensnare the ears of others."
Slant Magazine,40,"Their rather timid approximation of prog lacks the charisma or gravitas required to persuade listeners that theirs is a cosmic expedition worth joining. [Sep 2008, p.100]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Woodly prog rock for weird beards."

Under The Radar,90,"The album's not for everyone, but if her sound is to your taste, then it will prove a rewarding, delectable, necessary thing: one of this year's most consistently interesting albums."
NOW Magazine,80,"What is both surprising and remarkable, then, is how unflinchingly direct, bracingly unfiltered, and wholly intimate the new album, which is out today, sounds and feels."
Mojo,80,"This is a wonderful piece of work from a talented, intelligent artist, put across with all the passion of someone who's spent a long time thinking about and living with the project."
musicOMH.com,80,"Like strong coffee, it's not for everyone - this is an album that follows Rodgers and Hammerstein's 'What's the Use of Wond'rin' with a distressingly jaunty teen's-eye tale of abortion and Britpop--but it packs a mighty punch."
The Guardian,80,"This disc is more fun than leafing through a schizophrenic's case history and twice as loud--and this reviwer can't wait for the sequel. [Oct 2008, p.158]"
Urb,78,"Overall, the album is an honest, and at times heartbreaking, exploration of lifes struggles and losses."
cokemachineglow,75,"Aside from a few tedious moments, that's no reason to complain."
Prefix Magazine,74,"In truth Who Killed Amanda Palmer spans a decade of songwriting, and by 'Leeds United' the disc has revealed itself as a broad collection of rich character studies born of Palmer's lyrical acuity, likely laced with personal touches that nudge some of the material toward the at least loosely autobiographical."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Palmer has made a record that sounds not like the latest from Brechtian punk cabaret's leading light, but the thoughtful debut from an invigorated artist, striking out from the valley of the Dolls."
Under The Radar,70,"The album is a dark gem, a high-IQ song cycle that combines guilt, neurotic lust, and low self-esteem into piano-based tunes that come studded with lyrical daggers."
Dot Music,70,"So typical of Palmers eclectic nature, this album is a sloppy but very endearing hodgepodge of styles, the mark of an artist so bursting at the seams with creativity, that we cant help but admire even its imperfections."
Uncut,70,"There may be no safer bet than an Amanda Palmers bleeding-heart album--her built-in fan base will eat it up the same way they voraciously devoured Tori Amos open wound a decade ago--but the Palmer Show is strong enough to sustain much more daring theatrics than whats given here."
Hot Press,60,"Without Viglione as a foil, the songs on Palmer's solo debut seem to have lost some delicacy and character. [Fall 2008, p.78]"

musicOMH.com,80,"Learn to Live, his second solo album (in 2002 he released Back to Then, a tame, awkward, largely unpleasant collection of neo-soul), is impressively eclectic and sharply written. Its one of the years most vibrant country albums."
Boston Globe,80,"If there were any doubts about how Darius Rucker would fare in the country world, the Hootie & the Blowfish frontman puts them solidly to rest on his genre debut."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"If you're going to be tooling down the middle of the road, Learn to Love is perfectly pleasant accompaniment."
The Guardian,67,"If you consider Darius Rucker's bajillion-selling voice something of an old friend, Learn to Live is worth a listen. Otherwise? Meh."
Alternative Press,60,"These songs aren't knockouts, but they're friendly and comfortable, the kind of sturdy roots-pop that seems like it'd be easy to pull off but must not be, as this delicate balance of conversational melody and guy-next-door appeal has proven elusive to Rucker for over a decade now"
Paste Magazine,60,"While Looking for Lucky incorporated some traditional elements into Hootie's brand of bland frat-boy rock, Learn to Live is strictly a mainstream country effort, and that doesn't always work to Rucker's advantage."
The A.V. Club,50,"Learn to Live is well-produced and well-sung, but too many of the songs fail to fit the artist behind them."

Pitchfork,70,"These Los Angelenos deliver a brash follow-up to 2006's platinum-selling '15.' Spewing filthy oaths and sweet promises, sometimes in the same line, frontman Josh Todd does his best to give misogyny a good name."
Drowned In Sound,67,"The LA quintet, fresh off the radio ubiquity of 'Sorry' last year, prove themselves masters of the form again with such generically sentimental anthems as 'Dreams' and 'Don't Go Away.' [19 Sep 2008, p.72]"
Spin,50,"They fluctuate between those two poles while their by-the-book hard rock continues to split the difference between Black Crowes and Guns N Roses--though no longer with the wit that fueled their coke-y 1999 breakout, 'Lit Up.'"
PopMatters,50,"Even in the heavier material on Black Butterfly these guys make more room for melody than they ever have before."
Urb,30,"Far from being the soundtrack to a raging party, Black Butterfly is the flipside of indulgence: Buckcherry is now the sound of a slow slide into the monotony of addiction."

Under The Radar,90,"Carried to Dust isn't just one of Calexico's most expansive albums, it's also their most balanced, channeling their experience and potential into a subtly dramatic, chiaroscuro tour de force."
The New York Times,84,"Its tempting to think of Carried to Dust as a companion piece to 'Feast of Wire.'...And, like that distinguished predecessor, this one is a beauty from start to finish."
Billboard,83,"Ultimately, this is the type of record this band is suited to making, and it richly rewards repeat listening--details and melodies that seem buried or understated eventually come to fore, slowly revealed in a mixture of organic warmth, welcome variety, and subtle complexity."
Boston Globe,83,"It's a great return to form from the group, and easily their best full length since they've started incorporating vocals on nearly every song."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While most groups lasting over 10 years tend to run on artistic fumes, Joey Burns and John Convertino gush with unbridled creative enthusiasm here."
AllMusic,80,"Carried To Dust is definitely Calexicos best-sounding record: Each voice and instrument has its place, wheeling around Convertinos graceful drumming like dancers going around the maypole."
Slant Magazine,80,"Carried to Dust represents a refreshing return to eccentricity."
PopMatters,80,"Calexico's dusty vistas make a welcome comeback."
Spin,80,"Calexico are back, but this time theyre travelling all over the map. Carried to Dust is a quietly persuasive record."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Special guest vocalists, plus a turn at bat from longtime member Jacob Valenzuela on 'Inspiracion,' add intriguing textures to the 15-song set."
Blender,80,"It seems a return to first principles has done Calexico good, and returned their music to a raw emotional state."
Los Angeles Times,80,"It's a gorgeous, low-key album, full of musical nuance that unfolds with slow grace and exerts an irresistible pull back to the start after the last note has sounded."
AllMusic,80,"With some diversions, things stay pretty riveting across the whole album."
AllMusic,80,"The group never abandoned its orquestra live, and that may be why this return to form sounds so welcoming."
Paste Magazine,80,"Calexico is back in the desert with Carried To Dust. Which is not to say it feels like a retreat, Dust is far too confident. [Oct 2008, p.152]"
Pitchfork,78,"Carried to Dust feels like a precise parsing of Calexico's best elements, a lingering, understated beauty."
Almost Cool,75,"The band bring the tang of that elsewhere pop back to Carried to Dust, however, planting big-hook sensibility and the willingness to evolve within its Southwestern mood pieces."
Slant Magazine,75,"Carried To Dust finds strength in eccentricity and simple melodies."
Magnet,75,"While the return to straighter Old West soundscapes is welcome after Garden Ruin, Carried to Dust is really just another solid album from a band thats made a career out of mining the genres of the Southwest."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Its occasional awkwardness and complex narrative arc may deter true devotion. However, there are still many miraculous highpoints within, which should give Joey Burns and John Convertino a sturdier and braver platform for Calexico to step-up from next time around."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Carried To Dust's songs travel a trail that seems carved out of ancient echoes. [Sep 2008, p.114]"
Uncut,70,"Carried to Dust is a fine entry Calexicos discography that both evokes a much-loved sound from the past and yet looks at the sun fading into the west, turns its horse towards the dying light, and carries on into the future."
Billboard,70,"From the way gently twanging guitar builds to toxic fuzz on 'Man Made Lake' to the whistling in 'El Gatillo' that nails the stranger-in-town vibe, the bands best stories are in their music."
musicOMH.com,70,"Sometimes Calexico is a Southwestern Dire Straits, with Joey Burns whispering over loping, subdued guitar vamps as John Convertino plays his drums with brushes. Or its a band looking toward Mexico...Or its a spaghetti-western soundtrack orchestra with guitar reverb....At its best, in songs like 'Victor Jaras Hands,' its all of them at once."
Hartford Courant,70,"A record that finds Calexico firmly in their element and back on the road less traveled. [Fall 2008, p.80]"
PopMatters,60,"Their music can sound both wonderfully evocative or occasionally faux--as authentic as a Mexican restaurant located in Milton Keynes--and lacks a dominant vocal like former bandmate Howe Gelb, of Giant Sand."
Village Voice,60,"Mariachi horns and guitar twang still form the backbone of a striking return to what they do best. [Oct 2008, p.141]"
Alternative Press,60,"With 15 tracks, there a good deal to like. [Oct 2008, p.112]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Nothing terribly new or unexpected to report, just a more direct way of expressing not so adventurous ideas."

The Boston Phoenix,90,"The Quilt expertly stitches together art and commerce. Every song has an insistent hook, but despite the high-profile hip-hop guests, nothing feels calculated. [Oct 2008, p.162]"
The A.V. Club,80,"If it all seems messy, it isn't. GCH sounds like an American utopia, where everyone coexists joyfully and thrives on the diversity."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Not all of the songs are in easy to digest radio play lengths either, as 'Live Forever (Fly With Me)' proves they aren't afraid to do a song that's over seven minutes long. The more that GHC take chances on this album, the more they succeed."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Despite the band's best efforts, The Quilt isn't hip-hop; it's polished, radio-friendly pop."
Spin,72,"Like their namesake, Quilt's music feels handmade and stitched-together, as though its creators were sifting through a collection of musical hand-me-downs and collating the bits that spoke to them into something new."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Gym Class Heroes' Quilt is very, very much of its time: it skates by on the surface, which is appealing for a while, but in large doses it can seem like too much empty style."
Blender,60,"Mostly, though, they demonstrate that pop trumps piety."
The New York Times,60,"[McCoy's] delivery is laudably cool for a Warped Tour MC. But its gunk on the gears of this dancing machine."
Under The Radar,60,"Though he stays within his comfort zone, frontman Travis McCoy is a gifted MC who usually upstages the rest of the band members, who sound like hired hands. And Daryl Hall sings on a track. That's gotta be worth something."
The Guardian,50,"The Quilt finds McCoy pouring out clunker couplets, lame boasts and odes to his lothario-level texting skills in a rap style embarrassingly modeled on Eminem's--without the wit."
Q Magazine,30,"Even a guest verse from Busta Rhymes can't breathe any life into this copy-and-paste mess."

Mojo,80,"The 46-year-old Kentucky native rejoins the production team from her breakthrough on Little Wild One and spins a broad spectrum of rock tapestries married to warm, personal musings centered on a common theme."
NOW Magazine,75,"An earthy soul-rock set that redeems Joan Osborne's occasionally mushy songwriting with full-blooded singing and deep roots-music grooves"
Alternative Press,70,"She's not above revisiting periods where the creative process of collaboration was symbiotic as well as successful."
Billboard,70,"It isn't as robust--musically or vocally--as their first collaboration."
RapReviews.com,70,"Little Wild One continues to fill out the picture of Joan Osborne as artist, adding new shades of color to the portrait of a confident and exciting songwriter who is comfortable in her skin yet willing to continue striving for excellence."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"Joan Osborne didn't wander too far from the dynamic 'Relish' after it hit in 1995, but her subsequent recordings haven't captured her as wonderfully all-around until Little Wild One."
Pitchfork,60,"Here nothing has changed as she melds all these influences ub a tribute to her now beloved New York. [Dec 2008, p. 100]"
AllMusic,60,"It spares us her bluesy, commercially unfriendly side and as a result she's made her best record since, yes, 'Relish.'"
Spin,44,"The album comes off as polished, tasteful and static, like a still-life, beset with predictable melodies and proficient but less than electrifying vocal performances."
Blender,40,"It's all very well intended, but seldom rises above the superficial. [Dec 2008, p.108]"

NOW Magazine,87,"There is most certainly a parallel universe in which Emilana Torrini is the Next Big Thing."
Rolling Stone,80,"Me and Armini emerges as an album suitable for bookworms and beach bunnies, homebodies and world travelers, dancers and wallflowers. Highly recommended."
Slant Magazine,80,"This feels more polished product and will no doubt have a broader appeal as a result, but it is a treasure of a thing and the more people that hear it the better."
Hartford Courant,80,"Accompanied by sultry electric guitar licks, reverb-y finger-snaps and breathy grunts, 'Gun' might be one of the sexiest bloodbaths on record--and the highlight of an album that's filled with them."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This album subtly expands her metrical, folksy songcraft to the point where songs like 'Heard It All Before' and 'Fireheads' are just one spoonfed breakbeat from being charttoppers. [Oct 2008, p.113]"
AllMusic,80,"Me and Armini isn't an immediate record--it's too opaque, too guarded for that--but as it gives up its secrets, it slowly moves its stuff into your mind, a strange cuckoo in the musical nest. [Oct 2008, p.151]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Emiliana is blessed in her musical collaborator Dan Carey, with whom she calibrates an acoustic-led chamber trip-hop with plenty of room for her voice to breathe. [Nov 2008, p.111]"
PopMatters,70,"Torrini captures a few joyful infatuations followed by a lot of lingering wounds; shes vulnerable but never conquered."
Austin Chronicle,70,"It's more adventurous than the album prior-and generally more successful in this eclecticism than her debut, certainly--yet that Torrinis best work lies ahead of her seems indubitable."
Mojo,70,"Me and Armini merely falls short of being as fully conceived as the astonoshing 'Fishermans Woman.'"
Q Magazine,70,"Torrini's much more engaging, though, when cooing Me and Armini's less flamboyant folk pop. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Ultimately, however, Me and Armini is basically just an above-average batch of pop music that, while generally not on par with her last album, does occasionally match its high standards in warmth and candor."
Uncut,60,"A chunk of Me and Armini revives that gentle acoustic mood: these tracks are beautiful in their way, mournful and gossamer-light, but insipid compared with the album's more inspired moments."
Paste Magazine,60,"The third album from the Italo-Icelandic Torrini juggles successfully with a plethora of genres. [Year End 2008, p.83]"
AllMusic,59,"Torrini's voice is pleasant but also pretty anonymous, so it's therefore well-suited to any number of (mostly mellow) musical settings."

musicOMH.com,80,"This is a splendid recording of ten fine songs from an artist poised to become one of the leading singer/songwriters of the day, and if it lacks the sense of surprise that accompanied her first effort, Angela Desveaux & the Mighty Ship is on repeat listenings an even more satisfying work."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its her combination of strength and vulnerability, independence and longing for connection that makes Angela Desveaux & the Mighty Ship so remarkable."
Uncut,68,"Perceived loss of self is a risk Desveaux herself takes in making music so largely bereft of easy cultural or regional signifiers, yet the keenness of her songcraft makes these hard-won, universal sentiments far more rewarding than most lazy splashes of local color."
Q Magazine,60,"Steeped in country, folk and pop, Desveaux errs on the side of understatement; her rich lyrics sometimes inadvertently take a back seat to the bands nuanced musicianship, anchored by lead guitarist Mike Feuerstack."
Mojo,60,"Dull production and a workmanlike band let her down on the rockier numbers, but if Desveaux ever finds the right arranger the sky is her only limit. [Oct 2008, p.147]"
Blender,60,"She's smart to dress her aching, powerful voice in something other than rhinestones. [Nov 2008, p.90]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The glossy production on this Montreal-based singer songwriter's second album makes it easy to overlook, but beneath the pedal-steel sheen of songs like 'Other Side' lies a real talent. [Sep 2008, p.88]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"The Mighty Ship is just what you'd want froma naval vessel--it rocks you gently. [Year End 2008, p.83]"
Spin,60,"The band sound like they're striding into the mainstream, leaving Desveaux sounding more of a sweet, upbeat pop-rock songstress than she should. [Apr 2009, p.109]"

PopMatters,82,"Apollo Sunshine has finally created the audio beast we've been waiting for--a feast of emotions, sounds and additional weirdness. [Fall 2008, p.98]"
The Guardian,80,"Apollo Sunshine's third album is a delightful head-scratcher that explores old and new elements of psychedelia alike, from string sections, melting organs and echoey vocals to gritty, traveling guitar lines and lyrics about love and reincarnation."
Under The Radar,80,"Apollo Sunshine still aspires to create a self-contained immersion experience, an attitude that, more than any particular strain of their dabbling, makes the band a welcome kind of happening."
Pitchfork,80,"It is in this purely innovative way that Apollo Sunshines melodies are intoxicating, their lyrics epic, and their harmonies luscious--the more this album is listened to, the more the listener is impressed with the knowledge that there is something very powerful at play in this music."
AllMusic,80,"Shall Noise Upon is a great record, and an impossible one to digest in just one sitting. That's hardly a problem, though, because coming back to it is so rewarding."
PopMatters,80,"Shall Noise Upon is the first album to consistently contain songwriting equivalent to their technical prowess. [Oct 2008, p.152]"
Pitchfork,75,"The growth on display here outweighs the bands now reliable--and easily addressable--shortcomings."
NOW Magazine,70,"You keep wishing something would spread the information across a broader landscape so you can more readily take it all in. But then again, maybe the chemically enhanced listener will be better prepared to absorb all the color Shall Noise Upon enthusiastically radiates."
Q Magazine,70,"There's something of a jukebox feel to Apollo Sunshine's third album, despite the near-radioactive levels of reverb-hazy psychedelia throughout."
Spin,70,"Never troubled by the problem of finding a voice so much as slowing down the torrent of post-everything fuzz guitar, tempo shifts and schizoid stomps, the trio here finds a middle ground between melody and experimentation."
Uncut,70,"Shall Noise Upon succeeds in fits and spurts, but as a whole, it lacks the continuity that is an essential ingredient for a career-defining record."
Under The Radar,70,"Playing many different instruments, sometimes switching off to one another, they forge a slippery continuity out of messy glory. Sometimes they also manage beauty."
Mojo,60,"At 16 songs, it's not a perfect album, but when it fails (which is rare) it does so with forward momentum. [Fall 2008, p.79]"
Filter,30,"Their new album, Shall Noise Upon, is intellectually thinner, more musically pedantic, and not quite as tongue-in-cheek."

Billboard,88,"Along with peers such as Emmylou Harris and John Hiatt, who also launched their careers in the '70s, Crowell seems to have found the fuel to just keep getting better."
Boston Globe,80,"The wisdom, humor, and literate, biting world view, is all balanced with the wisdom of tenderness, and a poetic sense of the heart's own aspirations and disappointments."
PopMatters,80,"The 58-year-old songsmith shifts gears and lets someone else produce for a change on Sex and Gasoline, but continues to hit the right notes and nerves on tunes with earthy roots charms bubbling over with smartly phrased discontent."
Pitchfork,80,"Joe Henry's production is spot on, giving Crowell's vocals ample breathing room while acknowledging his excellent support team. [Oct 2008, p.106]"
Alternative Press,80,"Joe Henry coaxes out his pithy, hard-bitten wisdom with unfussy production. [Oct 2008, p.98]"
Prefix Magazine,78,"The opening trifecta of Townes Van Zandt-channeling 'Moving Work of Art,' the biting title track, and searing indictment in 'The Rise and Fall of Intelligent Design' sets the disc's theme of unraveling female cultural constraints and represents the Houston Kid at his best."
AllMusic,70,"Still, even at its most strident, Sex and Gasoline is topical and fiercely intelligent in a way that few modern country albums are."
Hartford Courant,70,"Sex & Gasoline is a really a continuation of what Rodney Crowell has been doing since his return to recording in 2001 with the brilliant, semi-autobiography of 'The Houston Kid.'"
Paste Magazine,70,"Aside from occasional brushstrokes of pedal steel guitar, producer Joe Henry extracts most of the 'country' from these songs, revealing Crowell to be simply a master songwriter, no matter what the genre."
Tiny Mix Tapes,66,"Producer Joe Henry succeeds in putting a Lanois-lite polish on everything, adding a subtle but not overbearing gravitas to the songs that allows Crowells humor to slide through without clashing."
The New York Times,60,"The albums biggest failing is that it sounds too much like his past three albums. But this also gives this record strength."

Under The Radar,80,"Although it dodges near-perfection almost deliberately, it confirms that Gelbs maverick creativity has an astute methodology in its benevolent madness."
Slant Magazine,80,"An album thats never dull, music thats full of melodrama and humanity, a personality in Gelb thats big enough yet genuine enough to pull it all together."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Now, at 52, Gelbs music seems to have found a renewed vigour, a sharper focus. ProVISIONS not only has some lean 'n' lovely boy-girl ballads, wild mood swings and a frequent groove, but also a sense of intent."
AllMusic,80,"The cover of P.J. Harvey's 'The Desperate Kingdon Of Love' encapsulates the album--restful, intoxicating, sounding gorgeous. [Oct 2008, p.102]"
Hartford Courant,80,"Though proVISIONS offers some playfully charming moments, ('Can Do,' 'Out There,' 'Increment of Love'), the dark center of this albums middle is telling."
Mojo,80,""
Uncut,74,"proVISIONS is no exception, its array of peyote rock, twilight ballads, space cowboy soundtracks, and spooky sidetracks off the beaten path on par with the band's best work."
Austin Chronicle,70,"His albums never fail to provide something immediately familiar, yet stubbornly unpredictable. Once again, Gelb lassoes you into his arid surrealist landscape, and you're left checking for dirt under your fingernails. [Fall 2008, p.81]"
Slant Magazine,70,"ProVISIONS tells a less reassuring truth than 'Sno Angel Like You,' but one thats just as true; you just never know."
Boston Globe,67,"An assortment of contributors both adds to the tension (Neko Case sings on the echoing 'Without A Word') and detracts from it (M. Ward only makes the trucker tune 'Can Do' even more of a non-fit on the record), but proVISIONS is an older Gelb at his gloomiest."
Rolling Stone,64,"Those of us disenchanted by genre specificity may give up on proVISIONS upon the line, 'It was there in Galveston,' and its accompanying played-out, imitive Western guitar line. [Fall 2008, p.97]"
Paste Magazine,62,"Often hushed and challenging, his greatest device remains the tactical use of open space, delineated sharply by skeletal guitars and the loose insinuation of movement."
PopMatters,60,"Despite the albums cornpone reflex and occasional meandering, guitar-diddling foray (Muck Machine should have been dragged to the trash folder), provisions has its Southern-fried charms."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"While some lack musical polish, the brilliant 'Spiral'--with its images of Americans hiding away with guns and in churches and heading towards heart attacks and extinction--furthers his metamorphosis into one of the country's great musical elder statesmen."
PopMatters,60,"Provisions is a haunting, alt-countryish record thats not unlike the Silver Jews latest work."
Uncut,60,"If the closing tracks' chaotic guitars comes close to unlistenability, many fine moments beforehand make forgiveness easy. [Oct 2008, p.142]"
Mojo,60,"Howes duet with Neko Case on Without A Word is the star of the show though, boasting a gorgeous melody that owes a lot to Gelbs Tuscon roots."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Flying solo now, with production guidance from fellow Swede Tobias Frberg, shes reached a career peak with this unconventional, focused and utterly charming disc."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Andersson has outsourced wisely, with poet Jessica Faust and Frberg splitting lyrical duties throughout. The trio achieves a kind of symbiosis of character on Hummingbirdwithout a credit sheet, you might not even know who did what."
Pitchfork,76,"These elements [traces of her jazz and blues-rock past] add splashes of unexpected color to these songs, bringing the extroversion of those styles to the too often introverted genre of indie pop and making Hummingbird, Go! sound to big for any kitchen to contain."
Under The Radar,70,"Andersson brings a real sense of songcraft to the project, and many of her melodies are appealingly ethereal."
Magnet,70,"Not all moods suit Andersson--the sultry, overdramatic 'Locusts Are Gossiping' falls flat--but she builds enough goodwill elsewhere that youll want to hear her try everything."
The A.V. Club,70,"Hummingbird, Go! is more notable for the quality of the songs within rather than for the circumstances of its creation."
Filter,68,"Andersson allows her vocals to swim straight to the surface of her latest record. The resulting 12 tracks yield mixed results. [Fall 2008, p.100]"

Paste Magazine,88,"The album will satisfy those wondering whether the band can achieve the nosebleed heights of its formidable back catalog, and its once again evident that Ashcroft needs guitarist Nick McCabe, bassist Simon Jones and drummer Peter Salisbury to keep his shamanistic flights of fancy tethered to earth."
Spin,83,"Forth proves that The Verve still has it, and it's all about chemistry."
The Guardian,80,"This album is probably the most solid foundation this quartet have had in 15 years, and it would be a disaster if it wasnt a springboard for several more."
NOW Magazine,80,"Forth certainly makes it seem like theyve never been away, the stench of those woeful Ashcroft solo albums extinguished."
Q Magazine,80,"The songs skirt standard verse-chorus form; the best of them are just chord patterns that swirl and mutate with slow assurance."
Hot Press,80,"Forth may contain a few flaws or forced moments, but it has plenty of soul."
Paste Magazine,80,"Are the Verve back? Maybe. Definitely."
Slant Magazine,80,"Forth is classic Verve, epic in scope, with layer upon layer of sound."
Pitchfork,80,"Forth not only equals the Verve's best work, but in many cases exceeds it."
AllMusic,80,"Time and place be damned, this is a good record, but it will never be anyones favorite."
Spin,75,"This belated follow-up doesn't have anything as memorable as 'Hymns'' 'Bitter Sweet Symphony.' But the soulful single 'Valium Skies' come close. [22/29 Aug 2008, p.125]"
PopMatters,70,"Forth is that rare comeback record--unafraid to show its age, and better for it. [Sep 2008, p.85]"
Filter,70,"While Forth is certainly flawed and overreaching, there's enough to suggest that the Verve, assuming they're able to keep it together, can use the album as a foundation for something as compelling as their '90s output."
Paste Magazine,70,"In some ways the Verve feels more familiar now than it did a decade ago."
The A.V. Club,68,"Forth is a decent reminder of what makes the Verve great."
New Musical Express (NME),63,"This comeback album (after eight years apart, the group reunited in 2007, triumphantly claiming the Coachella main stage this spring), is as solid as a dose of Extra Strength Tylenol."
Uncut,60,"Men out of time, The Verve were a neo-psychedelic jam-rock outfit who got fortuitously swept up in the Britpop boom and stumbled upon a timely form of Big Music."
Rolling Stone,60,"Their second reunion carries the listener a good third of the way into this punningly titled fourth album. Trouble is, the second two-thirds are a very long slog indeed."
PopMatters,60,"Forth is a good, but not great Verve album, then, its glimmers of brillance all too brief. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
Spin,60,"Just as Forth shares the strengths of those early albums, it proves that the Verve are yet to grow out of their shortcomings."
Hartford Courant,60,"Admittedly, the band's past catalogue sets the bar high, but Forth is an achievement, especially when considered in the context of so many failed attempts by others to return after a period of inactivity."
Billboard,60,"For the first four tracks, The Verve dig deep into their chaotic history to conjure the strange, intoxicating mix of stridency, shimmering beauty, pretension and vulnerability that made them so distinctive back in their pomp. And then the plot is suddenly lost, along with the tunes."
Urb,60,"It's pleasant, even comforting, which makes Forth as pure a sequel as possible: it's an album that offers more of the same many years too late, which will be enough for the legions of faithful who have waited to hear all the old characters back together again, yet seems a little pointless for those who no longer remain quite so invested in the band."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Forth is the sound of a band shaking off ten years worth of rust. [Fall 2008, p.85]"
Blender,50,"Just how often you'll revisit Forth after the initial flush of interest is debatable, because it hasn't really moved things anywhere for them."
Slant Magazine,50,"In 1997, this kind of thing--crisp, echoing guitars, provincial strings, existential moodiness--actually sounded kind of exciting. Just over a decade later, though, the exact same recipe, prepared exactly the same way, conjures up new dominant aftertastes: false profundity, compositional laziness, and outsized egos."
The New York Times,45,"The tracks on Forth are long and often overproduced. Its a tough blow to handle when a band youve loved for so long comes up so short."
cokemachineglow,20,"Instead of moving forward with a bold new sound, they seem lost and confused, eventually reverting to the sprawling space rock jams of their early years, which may be their comfort zone."

Los Angeles Times,83,"This is dark stuff, but there's excellent musicianship to be found on these heavy meltdowns."
Hot Press,80,"All Hope Is Gone as a whole winds up being as bleak and unforgiving as its title."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The set is at once Slipknot's most ambitious and accessible outing to date, with a broad palette of sounds and textures that shift faster than Michael Phelps off the starting block."
Mojo,80,"Happily, Slipknot can pull in these directions and still maintain a new standard of bone-crunching intensity . There are louder metal bands in the world, for sure, but the Iowan nine-piece continue to make the most noise."
The Guardian,80,"SlipKnot's fifth album finds the nine-piece alternative metal band at an unquestionable creative peak--but the effort may only further alienate some of its diehard, shred-metal fans."
musicOMH.com,80,"While their peers pander to the mainstream, the masked musicians continue to honour their scene by staying true to their roots while broadening their sound."
Dot Music,70,"All Hope Is Gone, reportedly the first thing they've recorded in years without wanting to kill each other, proves that there's still musical unity in disharmony."
AllMusic,70,"Slipknot stops pummeling every now and then for a few lines of melodic chorus, a full-length dirge, even a power ballad thats a sort of spurned love song."
Under The Radar,60,"Finding new targets for their thrashing contempt, Slipknot make ugliness sound just a little bit pretty."
Drowned In Sound,60,"They needed to up their innovating significantly but havent, leaving All Hope Is Gone above-average."
Pitchfork,60,"Occasional, more straightforwardly anthemic moments approach the mawkishness of Nickelback, but Slipknot remain showmen at heart. [Oct 2008, p.108]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"There's little original in the likes of 'Psychosocial' 'Snuff' or 'All Hope is Gone,' but the bludgeoning guitars are crisp, the overload of percussion suitably crunchy and a sense of bravura and commitment that's lacking in many of today's metal bands runs throughout. [Nov 2008, p.118]"
NOW Magazine,40,"Metal is supposed to be larger than life, especially in Slipknots case, and on this record, their attempt to sound more musically varied has them coming off as tired, apathetic, and above all, weak."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"While it's not without its obvious highlights, All Hope is Gone feels too much like a demo with professional production values to make me recommend it as an album."

AllMusic,80,"Matthew Sweet returns with a tenth tune-fest that's equal parts sunny delight and cathartic, Posiesesque bluster. [Oct 2008, p.106]"
Billboard,80,"It's gratifying to hear this veteran crew sounding so scrappy. [Oct 2008, p.113]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Sunshine Lies contains some of Sweets best moments in years, with the classic push/pull of gloriously sunny melodies and lyrical darkness underneath."
Hartford Courant,70,"The crisp, unadorned production--courtesy of Matthew himself, who recorded and mixed this in his home studio--keeps the focus on his brilliant pop hooks, which shine brighter and cleaner here than they have in quite some time."
Hot Press,70,"still knows how to write a great song, and his formula of bringing in strong lead guitarists gives the songs extra punch."
Spin,70,"The album works just as well as a collection of terrific standalone singles, though, since Sweet keeps the focus of Sunshine Lies on some of the most compelling pop hooks he's written in years."
The New York Times,70,"Yoking fuzz-stoked guitars (credit Television vet Richard Lloyd) to gorgeous melodies derived from the Beatles and Big Star, Sweet serves up his best tunes since 'Altered Beast.'"
Blender,70,"Some may be turned off by his showy leads and somewhat cheesy sentiments, but those are the very things that hooked longtime fans in the first place."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Consistent, it isn't, but Sunshine Lies has moments that make 2008 sound like 1995 trying to revive 1965 all over again."
Uncut,60,"Its frustrating to see someone taking the middle of the road, especially Sweet, who can do better, and has done better, but theres no sense in questioning it."
Mojo,60,"What he's selling here is the craft: well-constructed, harmony-drenched pleasantry that Sweet can tour on. It won't get him back on the charts, but it's proof he hasn't quite lost his touch."
PopMatters,58,"Frankly, we'd rather he went back to the past--specifically 1991, when the psychedelically inclined Nebraskan released his classic 'Girlfriend.' [5 Sep 2008, p.76]"
Sputnikmusic,55,"As much work as Sweet clearly put into this disc, hearing him glide instead of soar makes it all sound too easy, which sadly makes it that much easier to forget."

Mojo,91,"Resurgam is brimming with glacial, lucent, keys-driven beauty."
Uncut,90,"A record bubbling with fresh sounds and creativity, one that proves Alias has not only not lost his touch--he' s improved upon it. [Oct 2008, p.162]"
Magnet,80,"Alias has created his most welcoming and positive dream world on Resurgam, an album where the creaks comfort and the low cloud cover comes off as heavenly."
AllMusic,60,"Resurgam is pleasant and occasionally quite captivating ear candy from an artist who may nevertheless have to work harder in the future in order to remain distinct."
PopMatters,50,"Coupled with the fact that his synergy of indie, singer-songwriter, pop, and trip hop is never quite realized, renders Resurgam a few steps below the 2008 hip hop releases that have already proven themselves to be superb."
Slant Magazine,50,"The listless downbeat trend of recent solo efforts unfortunately continues. [Fall 2008, p.88]"

Spin,70,"Is it an improbably good second album? Looks like it."
Hartford Courant,60,"Its a pleasant mess, its well-meaning, and theres enough pop here to satisfy the bands fans."
The A.V. Club,60,"The songs sizzle merrily, but the whole is less than the sum of its parts, and the relentlessness becomes wearing. [Oct 2008, p.139]"
Dusted Magazine,30,"The album aims for Grohl-esque rock anthems, but falls short mostly due to a lack of melodic gifts; given that, it needs many more musical ideas than it has to keep anybody interested."
Rolling Stone,20,"More shouty rock and party anthems from the valleys."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"Elsewhere, the Welsh four-piece are merely witless. Utterly awful."

Pitchfork,70,"The best moments of ...Earth to the Dandy Warhols... rival the Dandys' finest work, and despite some weak spots, it's a giant leap in the right direction."
The A.V. Club,70,"Merging the sounds of space rock with an element of trance and a smattering of early Velvet Underground experimentation, the group ends up with an enticing album that holds a fresh mix of sounds."
Alternative Press,70,"Earth To The Dandy Warhols finds the band back in track in all the best ways. [Fall 2008, p.80]"
AllMusic,63,"Itd be nice to hear something a little more rousing (album closer Musee DNougat drags on a sleeping synth-string progression for 14 unnecessary minutes), but like its vastly underrated predecessor, Earth is worth getting to know."
PopMatters,60,"Their sixth album (and the first on their own label) is their most self-assured set yet, veering from sparkling glam to funky New Orleans boogie by way of early Nineties shoegazing."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Their smug posturing makes the Dandy Warhols a difficult act to like, but the sheer quality of their songcraft on Earth goes a long way toward earning them a measure of goodwill."
Under The Radar,60,"They may have no defining sound of their own, but they're admirable recyclers. [Oct 2008, p.141]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The set is somewhat of a shambolic affair, wherein kernels of good ideas get blown out, jumbled up or lost in execution."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Too often, Earth sounds like the Dandys have too many toys  or maybe too many ideas."
Q Magazine,50,"Singer-guitarist Courtney Taylor-Taylor has an undeniable way with a sticky-sweet hook -- too bad most of them are buried in self-indulgent sludge."
No Ripcord,42,"They were better as clever corporate whores."
Hot Press,40,"Their sixth album is shambling and empty, spiked infrequently with a good bassline or an almost-good chorus, and even the jokes founder on the bands contempt."
The Guardian,40,"If the lyrics were cleverer, they might work as a critique of vacant rock culture, but instead they come across as the embodiment of what they profess to be sneering at."
AllMusic,40,"'Welcome To The Third World' is a likeable pastiche of post-Chic funk, but tiresome country skits and Musee D'Nougart's 15 minutes of ambient fart-around are less welcome. [Oct 2008, p.110]"
musicOMH.com,40,"[They've delivered] a spawling 70-minute opus devoid of drive or inspiration. [Oct 2008, p.83]"
Under The Radar,35,"Earth is a whopping 70 minutes long, and at no point in it do we get an idea of what exactly the fuck the Dandy Warhols are trying to tell us."
cokemachineglow,30,"Its nothing more than a slap to those fans, then, that the music is so maddeningly poor, all pointless experiments in how to construct a solid alt-rock groove before burying it in a grave made out of studio sheen."
Observer Music Monthly,30,"Earth To The Dandy Warhols is just vacuous mid-tempo babble and clatter."
Slant Magazine,20,"To the rest of the western world, they are the arrogant stars of rock documentaries and Vodafone adverts, and their achingly dull eighth album does little to alter that assessment."
Q Magazine,15,"Earth to the Dandy Warhols is as much of a joke album as 'Metal Machine Music,' except I dont see any rock n roll scholars finding anything particularly smart in this slop 20 years from now."

Billboard,83,"Songs like 'About a Girl' and 'Coppertone' are sunny, jangling, and easily melodic--ideal dog-days-of-summer distractions."
Rolling Stone,80,"Fast Times at Barrington High doesn't go to the hoop with every song, but it scores more than enough points to make it a career highlight, not to mention one of the best emo albums (whatever that means) of 2008."
Spin,70,"This is a streamlined, plain-spoken record full of breaking hearts and sticky choruses, and its also the bands best."
The A.V. Club,60,"Either way, previous Academy Is... fans will surely dig the tunes, but Fast Times is probably not the album that will see the band expand their scope too far out of the high school/Warped Tour crowd."
Blender,60,"Beckett vividly renders what it's like to be a kid facing real-world issues, dealing with adult relationships ('Beware! Cougar!') and leaving home."
NOW Magazine,60,"The tunes are peppy and driving, the performances and production polished to a fault, and the lyrics simultaneously celebratory and wistful."
Mojo,60,"It may ultimately be as disposable as dime-store popping candy, its sugar rush still hits the spot. [Nov 2008, p.107]"

Uncut,80,"Lewis and Staind sound as though they have emerged from a long, dark tunnel, and that kind of progress is more than just an illusion."
Pitchfork,80,"Most of all, the music packs as much punch as ever--and more variety, as Staind sometimes departs from its rock-metal power ballads for tunes that suggest Pink Floyd and even Brit band Oasis in the chiming-guitar pop of 'All I Want.'"
PopMatters,70,"The title of Staind's sixth album is a bit of a misnomer, but there are a few new stylistic directions here."
Dot Music,60,"Ballads have always been his forte, a convenient vehicle for his quivering sensitivity and accidental melodicism, yet it's still startling how slow The Illusion of Progress unfolds, as Staind rarely muster the energy to move beyond midtempo even when they deign to crank up their amps for anthems of mild alienation or vague inspiration."
The Guardian,50,"Most of the time, though, the band sticks to its comfort zone, with songs that proceed through a sequence of genre clichs as Lewis howls out woe-is-me's and lists of grievances."
Prefix Magazine,50,"One formula replaces another and another."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"This solid--if unspectacular--sixth managed a very respectable Number 3 (on the Billboard charts). [Nov 2008, p.107]"
AllMusic,20,"Their sixth album is an unlovely cocktail of faux-Cobain grunting, downtuned guitars and self-pity. [Nov 2008, p.119]"

The New York Times,75,"Worried Well often sounds as confused and pompous as it does visionary. Luckily, the band has enough urgency and runaway sonic flexibility to turn that into one of its charms."
Alternative Press,70,"31Knots have produced a very good album--maybe even a great album--but one that simply does not reach the level it could have."
Rolling Stone,70,"31Knots deserves encomium for their daring and ingenuity."
NOW Magazine,60,"This is clearly a band with some musicology under its collective belt, and its members have the technical skill to fold their diverse interests into guitar rock without forcing anything; the surprises come fast and, often, satisfyingly. But Haege's big voice puts a lot of emphasis on the prolix lyrics, which remain dismal."
Q Magazine,40,"They sound worn out by the struggle in a time where one more burst of energy, from them or anyone, can go a long way."
Hartford Courant,40,"Its not that 31 Knots arent succeeding in flexing their musical chops--they just dont know where to take them."

Boston Globe,80,"Her songs are similarly sparse and fragile, with some astonishingly mature lyrics framed by beautifully pretty melodies."
Billboard,80,"The unnervingly grown-up Alas I Cannot Swim is the result, and if it doesn't install her as the heir to the likes of Devendra Banhart, there's no hope for folk-pop."
AllMusic,80,"Alas, I Cannot Swim is an awe-inspiring debut by an old soul on a mission to inject some much needed legitimacy into the singer/songwriting tradition. [Fall 2008, p.81]"
Rolling Stone,70,"There's every chance that Laura Marling will get lost in the shuffle as the unexpected commercial success of Feist's The Reminder leads major labels to unleash hordes of similarly talented female singer/songwriters, but Alas I Cannot Swim is far better than the average coffee house-endorsed girly pop."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Where Adele sounds like a method actor, Marling weaves secretive threads of thought that suggest shes agonised over things long enough for them to come together with a thud in plain-spoken full stops."
Q Magazine,70,"Marling's voice, rich and tenuous, recalls Joni Mitchell, but her fatalistic screeds--sung over acoustic guitar, with an occasional burst of percussion or strings--owe more to Nick Drake and Will Oldham."
Urb,60,"Her creamy voice canters over deft fingerpicked guitars and celtic violin throughout the rest of the album, and although the heights of the aforementioned song are barely hinted at elsewhere, Marlings promise--shes just 17 years old--is as clear as spring water."

The A.V. Club,100,"Parks proves an ideal partner for George, who grew up studying Shakespeare and is married to a film director, Jake Kasdan."
Prefix Magazine,91,"The album's light-fantastic orchestration, courtesy of famed songwriter and composer Parks , is equally delightfully old-fashioned--though George's decidedly contemporary lyrics recall the arch-baroque confessionals of Rufus Wainwright and Fiona Apple. [15 Aug 2008, p.67]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Although the daughter of Little Feat's late leader Lowell George charms with a crisp, vibrato-less chirp that suits her airy tunes, the star here is Parks, Brian Wilson's SMiLE collaborator, who surrounds George in a florid orchestral fantasia that flickers like a luscious, precisely gardened flower bed teeming with hidden fauna."
Pitchfork,80,"George dives in full bore, her voice navigating his undulating road map like so many animated bluebirds flitting through a forest."
PopMatters,80,"Its one of those beguiling albums saved for times alone, times when nothing else would seem quite right."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"An Invitation adds a new chapter to that story, told in an unmistakably American idiom fusing Broadway and Tin Pan Alley and Copland, spotlighting Inara George as a sophisticated new voice and confirming Van Dyke Parks, at 68, as an inexhaustibly vital national treasure."
musicOMH.com,70,"An Invitation must have been a fun side project, but it may have all the permanence of the summer breeze it captures so perfectly."
The Guardian,70,"Invitation will surely add to Park's continuing influences in the pop community. [Fall 2008, p.80]"
Under The Radar,60,"This is an album for Sunday afternoons, for fans of Frank Sinatra and Aaron Copeland, for sophisticates who want music to soothe their minds rather than demand their full attentions."
AllMusic,60,"Sometimes the sumptuousness feels a little excessive, like an ice-cream headache. But most of these love songs are uncommon, illuminating and elevating, just like the real thing at its best."
Drowned In Sound,60,"An Invitation is not just classy; its bourgeois. And worse than that, its sporadically boring."
Spin,50,"The 13 tracks on this sophomore disc can be indistinguishable in their chirpiness, but George's balance of whimsy and a furrowed brow gives the Invitation its lovely charm."

Uncut,80,"The unpretentious intelligence and skillful wordplay of Weaver's lyrics go a long way towards making The Ax in the Oak a richly satisfying work for grownup listeners, and the imaginative surroundings Weaver, Deck, and a handful of sympathetic musicians have crafted for these songs only make them stronger and more affecting."
Los Angeles Times,60,"True, there are some facinating arrangements on songs written during a summer in Berlin. But those songs, bar the first and last track sound oddly wanting. [Sep 2008, p.108]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"All of this might make The Ax in the Oak sound like a stylistic exercise thats better in theory than in practice, but the albums actually one of Weavers most accessible efforts so far."
Spin,60,"While he doesn't quite kick like he used to, Weaver's lugubrious voice and ear for the creepiness inherent in old-time folk make for an engrossing listen. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
Billboard,60,"Disappointing, however, are the intrusive flashes of electronics. [Fall 2008, p.89]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Perfect for a summer day."
Pitchfork,70,"It all goes down smooth until Gordon introduces funk ('Radar Blip,' 'Jaded') and calypso ('Morphing Again') to the mix, with the results sounding stiff or dated. But make no mistake: He's got plenty to be proud of here."
Boston Globe,60,"By teaming up with his old bandmates, Gordons tunes sound just like any other Phish song  and turning out studio records was never the bands strength."
Under The Radar,37,"Gordon isnt much of a tune man; his melodies rarely take a memorable shape here, and his adenoidal singing turns what he does have into open-mic mush. The lyrics, too, are on a pretty low burn."

AllMusic,80,"Waiting for the Sunrise is a blissful alt-country album where the Hammond organ swells and pulses like it's being tickled by Al Kooper. [Oct 2008, p.152]"
Blender,75,"Perhaps in the winter this will all seem a lot less charming, but right now, its a nice soundtrack for a drive out to the coast or for porch sitting late in the evening."
PopMatters,63,"'Someone Like You' is the stand-out track on a fairly solid album, but how much better would they have sounded with a little judicious editing and a sharper focus."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Vandervelde possesses a strong voice and a definite place as a singer-songwriter, even if that place isnt too far above the rest just yet."
AllMusic,60,"By rights, this should feel cloyingly sentimental, but Vanderveldes musical virtuosity means its beguilingly exotic, particularly album opener 'I Will Be Fine'--an insomniacs echoey hymn to the pre-dawn hours."
Mojo,60,"Waiting for the Sunrise is never boring. At worst it dips into pleasant territory, and if that guitar jam comes precisely when youre expecting it, lets call it classic rather than formulaic songwriting."
PopMatters,60,"Waiting for the Sunrise doesnt signal the end of Vanderveldes party, but one hopes he gets his second wind rather than becoming satisfied and heading off to bed."
Uncut,60,"Vandervelde's second album only really hits its stride in the six-minute centerpiece 'Someone Like You.' [Oct 2008, p.114]"
Under The Radar,58,"Vandervelde masterfully dresses singer-songwriter tunes that could exist just on acoustic guitar in beautiful studio psychedelics, but too often he lets his brillant sound palette subsitute for structural creativity. [Summer 2008, p.98]"
AllMusic,50,"Sliding away from his Marc Bolan fixation, Vandervelde sounds more like a subpar Lindsey Buckingham (there's even a cocaine lyric on 'Someone Like You'), offering shlocky '70s AM pop rock on drifting, overlong tunes like 'Need for Now.'"
Billboard,50,"If Vandervelde's new set struggles to generate the same charge, maybe that's because it doesn't approach its source material with the same aggression or playfulness."
Rolling Stone,50,"David Vandervelde's latest full-length, Waiting For The Sunrise, is a a warm, comfortable, '70s AM radio throwback, layered with organs, reverb, and smoky heartbreak. [Fall 2008, p.84]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"It's not the worst thing imaginable to make a nice, pleasant record that wouldn't trouble anyone; it's just that Vandervelde (seemingly) promised more than just a peaceful easy feelin', and Waiting for the Sunrise is an almost complete disappointment in that regard."

Q Magazine,83,"The polemics are occasionally clumsy, but the band's gloriously over-the-top heaviosity still makes this a fine addition to the SOAD canon. [8 Aug 2008, p.68]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Malakian and SOAD drummer John Dolmayan have indeed brought something new for their fans to love--and perhaps even for non-fans as well, given the more direct and accessible nature of Scars' music."
Pitchfork,80,"Scars on Broadway offers up the tastiest smorgasbord of bite-sized pop-metal delicacies since the last time Cheap Trick recorded a Queens of the Stone Age tribute album."
No Ripcord,70,"Fans of System's earlier work will be used to their unique brand of lyricism by now and will be more impressed with the band's ability to make a solid assortment of songs in a toned-down genre. Even with half the members."
NOW Magazine,70,"It is a cleverly barbed normality."
PopMatters,65,"For those who maintain that vocals are the most superficial element of pop music however, Scars on Broadway will be a surprise treat."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Surprisingly radio-friendly System Of A Down spin-off."
Uncut,60,"Malakian's Scars On Braodway further explore his love of machine gun guitars, bongs for breakfast, scatological lyrics and permeating sense of paranoia. [Sep 2008, p.108]"

Filter,90,"James Jackson Toth's solo debut has the depth, energy and character of a great comedy. [Sep 2008, p.151]"
Spin,80,"Calling on producer Steve Fisk, current Wilco guitarist Nels Cline, and members of Vetiver and Evangelista, Toth conjures a down-home vibe that sinks in slowly but surely."
Village Voice,80,"Waiting in Vain mines a harmony-rich seam of sticky-fingered country rock and blue sky FM pop. [Oct 2008, p.109]"
Under The Radar,80,"Toth's chimeric qualities are still evident. [Oct 2008, p.113]"
AllMusic,70,"Waiting in Vain captures the modest landscape of Americas backroads and countrysides."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Well, pray the restaurant and lounge crowd is ready for a scruffy fellow traveler who can sing about 'Cocaine and bourbon / Pinball and pool' without prompting any check requests."
Billboard,60,"Toth creates a familiar sonic template that focuses his quirks and makes his surreal symbolism all more approachable. [Summer 2008, p.98]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Squally closer 'The Dome' aside, he has a surprisingly light voice and--especially on the straight country of 'Doreen' and poppy 'The Banquet Styx'--a deft musical touch. [Oct 2008, p.152]"
AllMusic,50,"This is a solid if flawed first try."
Rolling Stone,50,"Decent read, tedious listen."
Prefix Magazine,41,"The result is pale, beefy, and contemptuous."

Hot Press,81,"Oh! Mighty Engine returns to the land of sublime bedroom pop, all acoustic-based and velvet-vocaled, sincere but never strained, pretty and bittersweet."
Mojo,80,"Commercial considerations aside, this is a finely crafted and lovingly realised album that Halstead should be proud of, and which deserves to finds its way into more homes than the usual coterie of 4AD fans."
Alternative Press,80,"It's intimate, folkie, more Anglo than Mojave 3, not at all Slowdivey. [Dec 2008, p.108]"
Hartford Courant,70,"This album isn't going to win Halstead too much favor critically or commercially, but anyone who holds songcraft, emotional restraint, and melodic grace in high regard should give the peaceful and sincere Oh! Mighty Engine a chance."
Mojo,70,"Oh! ighty engine offers a few silver linings throughout the acoustic bedroom proceedings. [Fall 2008, p.81]"
Uncut,60,"Despite the playful mandolin and nods to Morten Harket, the snoozy melodies weigh down his homespun wisdom, and this little engine runs out of steam."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Oh! Mighty Engine is typically whimsical, low key and surprisingly touching (when you can make out what he is singing). [Oct 2008, p.90]"
Spin,59,"Oh! Mighty Engine is endlessly pleasant but oddly faceless, a record strangely free of feeling."
Under The Radar,40,"Sounding, for the most part, like a Stars In Their Eyes version of Cat Stevens, the album lacks variety, imagination and charisma."

Q Magazine,80,"The highs, lows and bitter aftermath are all documented, in some of the classiest electro-pop of the past 20 years. [Aug 2008, p.102]"
AllMusic,80,"Mason's latest solo guise is endearingly odd. Who else, after all, would dream of welding Tubeway Army to lubricious RB and house and pull it off?"
The A.V. Club,80,"This eccentric experiment from indie-dance pioneer Steve Mason sees him embracing the '80s with fervour. [Aug 2008, p.132]"
Pitchfork,80,"His latest project finds him shifting tack again, emerging with a confident blend of Detroit techno, 1980s electro, break-up ruminations and S&M fantasies."
Paste Magazine,75,"At first, the minimalist, glitchy grooves sound like a lot of the neo-electro trend these days. But Masons off-kilter lyrics and psychedelic sense of melody soon overpower the thrift-store Gary Numan and Depeche pastiches and the trite S&M vibe."
musicOMH.com,60,"The chilly disco-noir aesthetic of early 1980s synth-pop provides the musical hinterland, all monophonic squelch and analogue modernism. [Aug 2008, p.85]"
Q Magazine,50,"Okay, so its a bold change in direction, and while thats laudable, theres very little differentiation, which makes for a frustrating, often banal long-player."

AllMusic,80,"For listeners who like their music loud and fierce and pissed off at just about everything, there aren't too many better options than The Slip. Plus, the price is right."
Under The Radar,80,"All in all this is a great album."
The Guardian,80,"It's 10 tightly wrapped wads of black bubblegum, not a politicized sci-fi fantasia like 'year Zero' or a two-hour drift into instrumnetal blip 'n' grind like this spring's 'Ghosts I-IV.' [July 2008, p.74]"
Uncut,80,"The Slip is primo death funk, with Reznor seething seductively about skies fading to black over grinding soundscapes that perfectly split the difference between computer-music clarity and live-band grit."
Pitchfork,80,"Here, he's no longer a stylized, self-conscious innovator, he's a working musician enraptured by making music, and he's so invigorated by creation it's hard not to get sucked in as well."
Hot Press,75,"Instead of a symbolic death, The Slip feels much more like a possible rebirth."
Mojo,75,"The hard-hitting early tracks '1,000,000,' 'Letting You,' and 'Discipline' are particularly good, though typical; Reznor keeps farming the same fertile ground that yielded The Slip's predecessors."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"While the music may look backward, the way it has been released looks forward, to a far greater extent than Ghosts I-IV ever could have hoped."
Q Magazine,70,"The album itself follows the thread started on 2005s 'With Teeth,' which is to say Reznors again favouring songs over soundscapes."
The Guardian,70,"Four albums in thirteen months may have led to a case of familiarity breeding contempt, but it still feels like the first half of this album is treading water from a songwriting point of view. The second half is a fine musical journey, and if this were a vinyl record (it soon will be) then maybe you'd just put side two on repeatedly."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Individual songs on The Slip aren't particularly dynamic; the album has two levels: loud and soft."

Uncut,80,"To fans that listened to Rage as a means to get 'pumped up' and bring the 'mosh' youll probably be disappointed by the lack of work out music. But to the fans of Zacks militant poetry, listen and enjoy."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There isn't any filler here; it's all the aural ignition of a gasoline bomb going off in your ears."
Rolling Stone,80,"The music is stripped-down but robust, with de la Rocha on vocals and keyboard and Theodore on drums."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Its a five-tracker with bite, with venom; its a reminder that while de la Rocha might age like the rest of us, the fires in his belly havent come close to being doused by mundane revivals of his most famous groups mosh-happy hits."
Blender,80,"Along with the recent string of Rage-reunion gigs, this set shows the rapper-activist stepping back into the arena, and dude's on fire."
Spin,75,"This EP cannot be recommended for who I consider our core group of readers unless you are familiar with his previous material and know you enjoy it, but the level of talent is undeniable."
AllMusic,70,"While this project marks a long-overdue move forward, it cant help but feel like a step back. Its not the content thats timid, but the ambition."
Pitchfork,60,"The sound quality is, by all accounts, mediocre, but the raw nature of the music reflects the one day aspect of their motto."

The A.V. Club,100,"Its hedonistic groove carries everything before it, and reminds you that 'rock'n'roll' doesn't just signify a sound (and fury), it signifies an attitude towards risk taking."
PopMatters,80,"A fine mix of fantasy and reality, made by a band who never run out of ideas, sung by a singer too smart to fall apart and too excited by rocknroll to stop being stupid."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"Yttling and Epworth have succeeded in making the Scream enjoyable and vital again, hardly a sure thing after the embarrassment of 'Riot City Blues.'"
Drowned In Sound,70,"If this attempted reconciliation produces moments of both elation and frustration, well, the band's erratic track record gives us no real reason to expect otherwise."
Slant Magazine,70,"Though singer Bobby Gillespie's lyrics are still rife with anti-establishment paranoia, songs such as 'The Glory of Love' and the title track are colorful, catchy, and informed by a cautious optimism born of hard-earned perspective and a surprising maturity."
Urb,60,"Well, there is a lack of faults, sure, but theres not a lot that grabs hard."
AllMusic,60,"Its too blunt, messy and reverent to be up there with their best, but you hope that it also serves a secondary function: to clear the decks for one last magnificent tilt at rock deification on album number ten."
Billboard,60,"Beautiful Future isn't quite as onsistent as it could be. [Aug 2008, p.138]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"'Beautiful Summer's' spectral chamber rock and a take on Fleetwood Mac's 'Over & Over' prove there's life in the franchise just yet. [Aug 2008, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,40,"While eight years ago Primal Scream embraced a hard edge that blew our faces off, this limp electro-pop doesn't stand up against the likes of The Knife, who infuse their work with both an inventiveness and emotion that's sorely lacking here."
RapReviews.com,40,"Gillespie will definitely need it [a new Mamma Mia-loving audience] once long-time-Primals fans hear all the twee synth-tweaked frivolity and snappy handclaps where the sleazy, distorted rock n roll jams shouldve been."
The New York Times,40,"This is just lazily done and disappointing considering its been marketed very well to appear mysterious."
Sputnikmusic,40,"It's worth reiterating that there's good music here: it's just that if you want to hear it you have endure being hectored by a man who gives every impression of being a thumping twit."

Observer Music Monthly,83,"Without pushing, Sexsmith lures listeners into a world filled with disappointments offset by the hope of a better tomorrow, even though there isn't a lot of common sense backing up that hope."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Exit Strategy finds Ron Sexsmith exploring his songwriting talent in new ways, crafting an instantly memorable album full of soulful, classic pop tunes."
cokemachineglow,80,"The other brilliant move was producer Martin Terefes idea of going to Havana to dub on a Cuban brass section trying to fake Memphis Horns-style head riffs. They never get it quite right, but what they come up with works perfectly as a brightening counterbalance for Sexsmiths darker inclinations."
Pitchfork,80,"Hes defined not by what he loves, but by his doubts, and as a result, this album is far more interesting and complex than anything hes done in years."
Spin,80,"But at its core, the album is no great departure. It's the same seamless amalgam of pop, folk, country and R&B Sexsmith has perfected, like influences and admirers Elvis Costello and Nick Lowe, as poetic and thoughtful as it is tuneful."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The new LP gradually casts a powerful spell. [Aug 2008, p.106]"
Uncut,70,"Exit Strategy of the Soul isn't just an experiment that succeeds, it's one of Sexsmith's strongest and most affecting works to date, and it's truly a pleasure to hear."
Q Magazine,62,"Exit Strategy Of The Soul will serve as his most  accesible release to date; simply from the craftman's decision to become rooted somewhere...anywhere. [Summer 2008, p.92]"
Mojo,60,"Sexsmith's mournful voice and lyrical skills, so admired by the likes of Elvis Costello and Neil Finn, detail a world of love and hopeful expectation. It all makes Exit Staretgy... an almost infinitely rich and subtle album. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
Dot Music,58,"Sexsmith unwisely attacks some notes above his comfortable register on 'Impossible World,' which is just one of the several numbers that are nothing more than blandly forgettable. [11 Jul 2008, p.72]"
NOW Magazine,50,"As is common with albums so self-consciously devoted to a particular sound, the instrumentation is too strictly consistent from track to track."
Sputnikmusic,40,"His Canadian burr has a welcoming fug to it, like a strong, warming whisky, and this collection of 14 soft, catchy soul songs of a 1970s vintage, pepped up with piano and brass, have moments that shake and swing. But when those moments subside, they resemble bits of dated aural wallpaper for a provincial hotel foyer."

The Guardian,90,"Melvins' 18th proper album is essentially classic rock for 2008--with the band's trademark abrasion. [Aug 2008, p.166]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Nude With Boots is an enjoyably acerbic listen, with a decent spread of compositional variety, that empties its acid bath just occasionally enough to give its audience time to towel off the waves of tumultuous noise."
Billboard,80,"Its slightly less menacing, yet without a discernible drop in power, which should go down well in the burbs without alienating their hipster metal following."
NOW Magazine,80,"Some are sure to hate it, but unlike any Melvins album since 'Houdini,' Nude With Boots certainly demands your attention."
Paste Magazine,80,"Melvins' evolution from potential stoner rock dinosaurs to 21st century sound shifters is complete. [Jul 2008, p.52]"
Hartford Courant,80,"Nude with Boots follows their last album, 2006's '(A) Senile Animal,' in being one of the most straightforward, epically rawk albums of the Melvins' career. [Aug 2008, p.99]"
Uncut,80,"Flaunting the band's love for classic AOR riffs more here than on any other previous record, Nude chugs along on the strength of licks lifted from Led Zeppelin ('The Kicking Machine') and 'Killer'-era Alice Cooper ('The Stupid Creep'), bringing a sense of boogie to Buzz's now-perfectly honed tablature of bludgeoning guitar work."
AllMusic,70,"Bassist Jared Warren and second drummer Coady Willis (a.k.a. Big Business) return as the perfect-fit rhythm section for lifers Buzz Osborne and Dale Crover, who are still communicating in their own avant-boogie metal language like twins separated at birth."
Filter,70,"This band is still nearly as big, as slow, as lumberingly loud as they were in the days Kurt Cobain was trying out for a spot on bass."
Mojo,70,"As with most endeavors in uncharted territory, some songs miss the mark (an unnecessary ambient keyboard instrumental 'Flush,' for instance), but the straightforward beasts like 'Billy Fish,' 'The Smiling Cobra,' and the majestic title song 'Nude with Boots' showcase the Melvins at the top of their game, while the lumbering brutality of 'It Tastes Better Than the Truth' and 'The Savage Hippy' shows that their warped sensibilities are still intact and that they're far from softening, even after almost 25 years in the game."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"In sum, Melvins fans, do what you need to do. Newcomers might want to check out A Senile Animal, but then again, perhaps this one will make the last one easier to understand, and then it may be more enjoyable working backward."
PopMatters,70,"Theyve become one of the most prolific staples of the American underground. And its there that Nude With Boots is a sound and welcome contribution."
The Guardian,63,"The results are surprisingly tame, if not un-rocking."
Alternative Press,60,"Its not a bad piece of work overall, but when we want to hear classic Melvins, pleasant music isnt exactly what were looking for."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Nude With Boots alternates between their trademark, skin-crawling sludge rock, and more accessible, almost anthemic moments. [Aug 2008, p.106]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Sure, there's a little too much filler, but this is pleasingly radio-unfriendly fare. [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Prefix Magazine,58,"Nude sounds, well, a bit naked. Lean and not mean enough, songs like 'The Kicking Machine' and 'The Stupid Creep' are as conventional as anything the band has ever recorded."
The Wire,50,"Nude With Boots, their second effort with Big Business' Jared Warren and Coady Willis, continues to muscle up that foursome, the BBs proving the long-lost rhythm section to drummer Dale Crover and guitarist Buzz Osborne."

Uncut,70,"Despite its faults, it is one of the most unique albums released by a major label in 2008."
Billboard,60,"The formulas employed throughout Love Is Dead are often trite but the undeniable excitement and awe with which she approaches them is just as frequently refreshing."
Spin,50,"Although her songs occasionally feature the alto piano of Apple or the otherworldly trilling of Morissette or Bjrk, her voice can sound thin and inconsistent, giving the whole thing a somewhat derivative feel."
Pitchfork,40,"Unfortunately, it translates into kohl-eyed pantomime, rather than cathartic music, with lyrics so hopelessly trite they sound like a feel-good tract for preschoolers."

AllMusic,90,"Real Animal is an album about life--both as survival and as the faces and moments that fill our days on this Earth. How many artists could make two masterpieces in a row that are so different?"
PopMatters,90,"Music this rich and evocative should be heard by everyone, and one can only hope that more and more people will hear as Escovedo continues to write his own story."
Tiny Mix Tapes,89,"For Escovedo fans that have followed the local star through the Nuns, Rank and File, the True Believers, and Buick MacKane, Real Animal bares teeth and soul in rock & roll payback."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"I have seen Escovedos future, and its sound is rock n roll."
PopMatters,80,"The particulars of Mr. Escovedos autobiography on this album  his wanderings to New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Austin--may not matter much to those not already following his music. But the songs also tell a larger story: of reckless youth and unrepentant maturity, of times ravages and insights."
Mojo,80,"The enthralling Real Animal presents a concise overview of the man's art and life, encompassing the punk fury of the Nuns, the country-rock twang of Rank and File, the rootsy guitar assault of True Believers, and the late-era tortured, string-quintet balladry that showcases his unbearably sad voice."
Q Magazine,80,"Sweeping violins and take-no-prisoners guitars co-exist in producer Tony Visconti's gorgeous glam frame for Escovedo's visionary sound."
The A.V. Club,80,"On 'Sensitive Boys,' one of several standout ballads, he articulates the album's thematic truism: Done right, rock 'n' roll is a reason for living."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Even as the songs triangulate the nexus of Marc Bolan, Iggy Pop and Doug Sahm, the album never sounds beholden to rock history. Its more of an autobiographical undertaking, as if Escovedo is taking stock of his life, his career and his record collectionwhich are all essentially the same thing. As a result, each song sounds like a new chapter in a larger story and Real Animal like a new installment in an ongoing epic."
AllMusic,80,"With strong ensemble backing Escovedo alternates gentle, reflective lullabies with incendiary Mott-styled rockers, to marvellous effect. [Aug 2008, p.93]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Leave it to him to fascinate even when he just wants to clear out a few closets and keep on smiling."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The production choices are well-matched to the individual songs on both structural and thematic levels--Real Animal works as a testament to the diversity of Escovedo's career and the breadth of his talents--but those individual choices don't necessarily make for a cohesive album."
Blender,70,"Taken as a whole, Real Animal shows a man content with the life he has lived, even as the rest of us hope that his final statement is still some ways off."
AllMusic,70,"This is not his best record, but it does have a couple songs that rank with his best."
PopMatters,70,"Real Animal is one powerful sermon."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Its for the Pabst crowd, not the trendy crowd concerned about looking the part. Its this honesty that permeates everything Escovedo does."

NOW Magazine,80,"The Watsons' approach is softer, and more affecting, than wry, tack-sharp Lewis. [Aug 2008, p.114]"
The New York Times,80,"Fire Songs proves the Watson Twins are a strong songwriting team, and one that has earned its time in the spotlight."
Spin,80,"Their wispy, diaphanous reworking of The Cures 'Just Like Heaven' suggests the Watson formula could travel far."
Billboard,80,"The songs hold sorrow and longing, keeping self-pity in check with serene grace."
Hartford Courant,75,"The Path of Slow has led countless down-tempo electronica acts into the dead-end of dinner music. But when slow works, it can be voluptuously pleasurable, as the Watson Twins show on their lovely full-length debut."
Paste Magazine,75,"Their vocals can occasionally become a bit limiting--as on the anemic 'Waves'--and there's not much in the way of hooks to catch the ears of those who aren't already listening carefully, but those paying attention should find plenty to latch on to."
Uncut,72,"For those who grew acquainted to the sounds of the Twins when they helped turn Jenny Lewis' more-or-less first solo effort into an artistic coup de grace, you will rejoice with the mix of sunshine and crunch on Fire Songs. [Spring 2008, p.105]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Watson Twins' first proper album, but Fire Songs at once confirms the promise of their earlier EP and their work with Jenny Lewis while staking out a stronger and more complex identity of their own, and hopefully it's the first of several personal and compelling albums from the siblings."
Slant Magazine,70,"Fire Songs is subtle with its innovations, but it proves The Watson Twins are a creative force far greater than their alt-country notoriety suggests. [Summer 2008]"
Boston Globe,60,"Without shattering any paradigms, theyve assembled a very listenable collection of songs thatd be a welcome addition to a Starbucks summer playlist."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Their slow, brooding, impeccably delivered songs exude menace and promise drunken but regrettable sex, while the symphonic closer 'Waves' suggests they have the wherewithal and inclination to evolve. [Aug 2008, p.145]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Their Fire Songs can seem a little thin-boned--the twins intertwined voices are lovely but ethereal, the steel guitars melting into the horizon like a mirage."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The Watson Twins' songwriting isn't quite as memorable as their singing; too many of the tunes fade into open-mic background fare."
Mojo,60,"The Twins arent so compelling as songwriters, and too many of these fire songs sound merely serviceable, with mellow hooks and humdrum sentiments."
Billboard,60,"Fire Songs isn't a masterpiece, but it's in the right ZIP code."
Uncut,50,"When the twins harmonize, the results are sweeter than sugar-dipped honeysuckle. What they really need, though, is some fire in their bellies. [July 2008, p.151]"
The New York Times,46,"That the Watson Twins blend seamlessly into these backdrops, however, is far from a compliment. Of course it's lovely to an extent when the girls harmonize, but neither owns a voice strong enough to convey much besides a languid aridity."
Los Angeles Times,20,"Two heads arent necessarily better than on! Fire Songs isnt a terrible album, its just a little too sweet and safe for this writers ears."

The A.V. Club,70,"Naturally focuses its atention on catchy, trashy rock, but this time, the seams stitching the riffs to the Automator's programming are less prominent. [Aug 2008, p.174]"
Filter,70,"It's all blatantly unsubtle, but also raucously fun."
AllMusic,70,"Additional collaborations with Sean Lennon, Cibo Matto, The Mooney Suzuki and The Yeah Yeah Yeahs, solidify Naturally as a sure summer listen from two gents who never really go wrong."
Under The Radar,68,"Originally releasesd in Japan, the twelve-track American release is a sonic smorgasboard. [Summer 2008, p.102]"
NOW Magazine,60,"The resulting album is as expected, but nonetheless interesting, juxtaposition of dirty grooves under a pristine techno framework. [Summer 2008, p.93]"

Q Magazine,91,"The confident majesty of the music, however, belies how he and his bandmates have invigorated their rock-lite reign. [20 June 2008, p.65]"
Blender,90,"For all of Coldplays experimentation, though, theres no doubting that Viva La Vida, with its sturdy melodies and universal themes--think love, war, and peace--is an album meant to connect with the masses."
Spin,83,"Whatever the case, Viva La Vida sounds as if it comes as close to the experimental edge as Coldplay dares. It isn't a bad place for the group to be."
Paste Magazine,80,"The greatest thing Coldplay may have learned from Eno is his work ethic, as they demonstrate a focused concentration throughout this tight album--it's only 47 minutes yet covers more ground than 'X&Y' and arguably 'A Rush of Blood to the Head'--that turns Viva la Vida into something quietly satisfying."
Village Voice,80,"Chris Martin and co. return with another album guaranteed to rock arenas across the world."
Alternative Press,80,"It??s in its latter stages that Viva... truly goes stratospheric: on the magnificent orchestral pop title track, where Martin imagines himself as a deposed French king reduced to sweeping the streets; on the bruised ??Yes??, like Dandy Warhols and Depeche Mode lost in a desert duststorm; on the Satanic blues hymnal of single ??Violet Hill??."
Pitchfork,80,"Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends takes a band who should have been in decline and a sound thats been tried and true and makes it all sound fantastically fresh."
Hot Press,80,"Well, reports of the death of the old Coldplay have been much exaggerated."
Alternative Press,80,"That it lacks any obvious singles hardly seems to matter. Viva La Vida is an assured return that should go some way to restoring Coldplays wilted critical stock."
Spin,80,"So some bad habits die hard, but on every other level Viva la Vida... is an emphatic sucess--radical in it's own measured way but easy to embrace. [July 2008, p.95]"
Urb,80,"The sonic deviations may challenge fans who prefer that all of the bands releases be a shade of Yellow. But more daring listeners will be relieved that Martin & Co. are exploring new territory."
Filter,80,"Even when the singer is being vague or issuing plaints, his words and voice, when coupled with the music, hold considerable sway. [Summer 2008]"
Under The Radar,80,"Viva La Vida does find Martin and his bandmates willing to extend their musical boundaries, making for an occasionally brilliant album that's exponentially more vibrant and engaging than 2005's generally stale 'X&Y.'"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"While this doesn't quite hit the heady heights of 'A Rush Of Blood To The Heads,' it's a huge improvement on the beiger than beige 'X&Y,' and if their next album (apparently featuring a Kylie Minogue duet!) continues this trajectory, we could have something pretty special on our hands."
Spin,70,"Coldplay's desire to unite fans around the world with an entertainment they can all relate to is the band's strength, and a worthy goal. But on Viva la Vida, a record that wants to make strong statements, it's also a weakness."
The A.V. Club,70,"Coldplay have come up with the rare major-label pop record that stands to move a ton of copies even as it's at least a little bit challenging to its primary audience."
AllMusic,70,"Viva la Vida is not their masterpiece, but for now, its as close as theyre gonna get."
Hot Press,70,"The rest is closer to the Coldplay we know: a competent blend of heavily orchestrated redemption songs ('Viva La Vida,' already the biggest hit of the band's career), swirly arena rock ('Lovers in Japan') and life-stinks-without-you ballads ('Strawberry Swing')likely to resonate despite the new bells and whistles."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Viva La Vida still manages to seem downsized compared to the band's gradiose early work. [July 2008, p.69]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Viva La Vida is just such an escape, a dreamy place to visit. And if it's not quite perfect, at least you get the sense that the members of Coldplay gave it their best shot."
Dot Music,67,"It isn't perfect, but Viva la Vida re-establishes Coldplay's relevance in this era where every new indie rock band really wants to be Coldplay."
Observer Music Monthly,65,"The record's violent, revolution-themed artwork is misleading. Viva is more like a bloodless coup--shrewd and inconspicuous in its progressive impulses."
Q Magazine,60,"They try hard, Coldplay, but it just isn't enough; their fourth album might just be their best yet, but it's still a long way from being the epochal classic that Chris Martin is desperate to create."
Paste Magazine,60,"When it's not straining for Significance, though, Viva La Vida is often rather lovely."
Under The Radar,60,"Viva La Vida starts off with promise for fans who felt that 'X&Y' was a far cry from 'A Rush Of Blood To The Head.'... Unfortunately, the rest of the record fails to build on this."
Lost At Sea,60,"While they fight shy of radical 'Kid A'-style reinvention, hats should be doffed to Coldplay for at least having artistic cojones to mess with a winning formula. [July 2008, p.101]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Lyrics aside, Viva la Vida fixes most of the glaring problems with 2005's 'X&Y,' simply by eschewing verse-chorus structures in favour of something more episodic."
Rolling Stone,60,"What theyve given us is an exquisitely polished blur, enjoyable at times, mildly challenging at others, but nothing that you couldnt feel comfortable piping in as background for the Sunday barbeque with the Petersons."
Slant Magazine,50,"Coldplays all about elongation this time around, and if you couldnt tolerate their dramatics before, Viva la Vida will do nothing for you. Dont get me wrong; to my ears, this is the groups strongest offering yet, but since this album is the same old naive romanticism theatrically propped on a pedestal, its not really saying a lot."
PopMatters,50,"It's an improvement on the band's impressively dull 2005 album, 'X&Y,' but Coldplay's latest doesn't recapture the promise of the band's first two albums."
Billboard,50,"When the pastoral Eno flourishes that started Vida off so promisingly return for a quick coda, Martin reverts back to his suavely crooning self, but blows it with his first four words: 'And in the end . . . . ' Bam, you're thinking 'Abbey Road,' and while Vida is far from a dog, it's just another unflattering comparison that the record itself needlessly invites--an extremely overconfident way to handle a crisis of confidence."
Blender,40,"Given Enos quarter-century of Bono-fides, this isnt surprising. Martins interests are frequently vague--on 'Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love' he sings about soldiers who must soldier on and runners who must run until the race is won. Seriously?"

Boston Globe,80,"Each track is unique, thanks in part to Markus Acher's peculiar voice and The Notwist's ability to seamlessly blend acoustic pop and electronic rock into a genre-bending, intriguing, and sometimes catchy, electro-fuzz pop, resulting in an uncommonly captivating album that gets better with each spin."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Theres no doubting its a very good album. The bands best? Probably not. A successful return from a hiatus overlong? Certainly."
Pitchfork,80,"Throughout, eerie production touches (metallic clinks and synth bleeps on 'Where in This World') and organic sounds (acoustic guitars and glockenspiel on the title track) fit seamlessly to form the Notwist's most charming and complex work to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"But what this offering lacks in mirth, it more than makes up for in transcendence as well as dissonance."
Uncut,80,"This belated reunion has developed further into thr most affectingly sad, sweet, sepia sound rooted in Marcus's forlorn vocal and delicate ripples of detail--jazzy-to-motorik rhythm and haunting synthetic drones. [JUly 2008, p.102]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Fortunately, The Devil, You + Me shows that the Notwist been keeping their ears to the street and their asses in the studio since releasing 2002's indie-synth breakthrough 'Neon Golden.'"
Mojo,80,"It seemed as if they'd perfected the balance of 2002's glowing 'Neon Golden,' but here manage to continue the evolution. [July 2008, p.108]"
The Guardian,80,"Acher has a light touch, repeating simple phrases and subtle, smeared blue notes. As a lyricist, hes a master of the soft sell, allowing his enigmas to carry their own weight."
No Ripcord,80,"The Notwist's songs sound almost too arranged and it's only after they've seeped in a little that it becomes easier to admire the trio's deftness, the way they absorb electronica's qualities of dissonance and disruption and use them as essential building blocks of their music. [June 2008, p.59]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,77,"Even after a six-year siesta, the Notwist's approach to pop music-- exploiting both its formal properties and endless possibilities-- is no less captivating and visionary than before."
Hartford Courant,75,"As a standalone unit, it's a bit too pallid and self-consciously dour to serve as an introduction for newcomers. For those already hooked, though, The Devil should make a fine soundtrack for a depressive summer."
Village Voice,70,"Devil [is] a nusanced album that only slowly reveals its gifts. [July 2008, p.160]"
Paste Magazine,70,"On their sixth album, these ever-evolving German indie rockers stick with the electronic-tinged direction of 2003s Neon Golden, but with a little less emotional heft."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It has that same slightly unnerved but ultimately comforting effect, and like Neon Golden, you might want to take it everywhere with you, even when you can only replay it in your mind."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Frankly, the band's relucatance to change would be fine if the material were exceptional. Instead, it's merely quite good."
Billboard,60,"While its a solid follow-up to 'Neon Golden,' The Devil, You + Me falls short of its predecessor in that, taken as a whole, it doesnt amount to more than the sum of its parts."
Prefix Magazine,60,"After a good handful of listens nothing hugely sticks and it isn't quite clear what they're aiming for."
Mojo,60,"It's not that The Devil, You + Me is particularly bad; it merely and consistently recalls the band's more emotionally satisfying earlier work, while rarely equaling or surpassing it."
Village Voice,60,"For a band that has used a kitchen-sink approach in the past, The Devil, You + Me benefits from what is not in the mix. [Summer 2008]"
Q Magazine,60,"The Devil, You + Me is no milestone of experimentation, but The Notwist win extra points with their emotional restraint, lyrical maturity and elegantly complex arrangements. [Aug 2008, p.101]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The Notwists last album, 2003s 'Neon Golden,' was irresistibly catchy and irretrievably downbeat. Both of those qualities are muted on The Devil, You + Me, the German combos long-in-the-making follow-up."
The Wire,50,"The best thing to do with this album is to put the first and last tracks on repeat, and give everything in between a shot when youre stuck in bed sick; it could be the perfect moment."

Pitchfork,75,"The album tends to sag in the middle, and as for those gentler moments, well, one for two isn't bad ('Kristi, Are You Doing Okay?' is OK)."
The A.V. Club,60,"There are potent moments like the rise-and-fall ballad 'Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?' and the fierce 'Nothingtown,' but 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace' sounds more like a tentative step in the Offspring's new direction."
Alternative Press,60,"The patchwork of styles thrown around here distracts you from the album's strengths."
Spin,60,"Sounding closer to their more earnest Smash days, the songs are snappy to-the-point SoCal punk, albeit with a more polished sheen."
AllMusic,50,"The album's latter half contains some welcome pop moments--'Nothingtown' and 'Let's Hear It for Rock Bottom' make going nowhere in life sound like hot fun--but the standout melodies often take a back seat to the diatribes, and Holland doesn't back up his disaffection with many good reasons to rally behind him."
PopMatters,40,"It's not that the Offspring sound behind the times on their eighth album, Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace--it's that they sound disconnected from it."
Dusted Magazine,40,"Five years in gestation, these revved-up anthems are fuctional enough, but none have the catchy ska-punk bounce of the band's late 1990s commercial peak. [Sep 2008, p.99]"
No Ripcord,30,"This misguided eagerness to please is endemic throughout the albums 12 tracks, from the appropriation of other artists styles (the chunky riffing and brutish vocals of Hammerhead are reminiscent of Dave Grohl, while closer Rage And Grace is a transparent attempt to recreate the vitality of Green Days American Idiot) to Hollands equally unrelatable lyrics."

Slant Magazine,80,"Teddy Thompson has taken a more user-friendly approach on A Piece of What You Need, but he hasn't sold his soul or lost what makes him special along the way, and this is a clever, adventurous, and thoroughly engaging exercise in smart pop that's as thoughtful as it is pleasurable."
Under The Radar,80,"His melodies are subtle, but don't confuse his restraint with detachment--these songs sound deeply felt."
Uncut,80,"Wry, understated and occasionally heroically sorry for itself, his fourth--and best--album mixes folk, pop, country and rock to superb effect."
Magnet,80,"One can hear every word, every breath, and every sigh. De Vries has Thompson harmonize with the instruments so that they become expressively one voice without losing their distinctive tones."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Thompson has emerged from his parents shadows to deliver one of this year's best."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is where the kid really comes into his own."
Billboard,80,"'Where to Here,' Slippery Slope (easier),' and 'In My Arms' are equally deadly writing, with gripping melodies and sing-out performances that seem to have benefited from listening to his pal Rufus Wainwright--and from arrangements by Wainwright's latest producer. [Sep 2008, p.112]"
Village Voice,80,"Richly melodic and beautifully performed, A Piece Of What You Need deserves to be a big commercial hit."

NOW Magazine,100,"The cumulative result is an exhilarating, bone-deep experience--a true album, built for sustained listening."
Rolling Stone,100,"Evil Urges represents the creative peak of a band that has shown glimpses of greatness in the past and will hopefully continue to evolve in the future."
AllMusic,90,"Evil Urges is easily MMJ's most accomplished and ambitious record, masterfully sifting through genres."
Uncut,90,"This is an excellent release from an already accomplished band."
Sputnikmusic,83,"Evil Urges furthers the reveal with confident and imaginative strides, now with 100% less burning kitten jokes."
AllMusic,80,"Evil Urges explodes the band's sound with the same kind of creative leap that Wilco took on 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot' and Radiohead took on 'Kid A.'"
Hartford Courant,80,"The My Morning Jacket frontman cackles, croons, wails, wallops and stomps through the band's fifth and latest great album."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Evil Urges has a little something for everybody, and at a time when albums often consist of a few peaks and a lot of filler, its remarkably consistent, mostly lacking extreme highs and lows."
PopMatters,80,"Picking up where 'Z' skidded off, Evil Urges is like a carnival, like life (after all, My Morning Jacket is in cahoots with The Band), like cigarrons, discarded cigarettes dredged from the Cimarron River, and cinnamon sticks in a pot of boiled apples on the stove."
The Guardian,80,"The resulting monster is alternately charming and schizo. [July 2008, p.71]"
Uncut,80,"Evil Urges ultimately ends the same way it began--with a willingness to explore, to challenge, to poke and prod at My Morning Jacket's past work while creating something entirely new."
Mojo,80,"With so many stylistic shifts, there's no easy description for the kind of album My Morning Jacket has created, so let's leave it at this: Evil Urges is the sound of a great band that's only getting better."
musicOMH.com,80,"Southern rock merchants capture the energy of their live shows on accomplished fifth album."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"As of right now though, Evil Urges is on the top of the heap for 2008."
musicOMH.com,75,"Although Evil Urges never reaches the gut-tickling peaks of 2001's 'At Dawn,' it still reiterates My Morning Jacket's ability to make music that sounds like everything and nothing at all."
Spin,72,"Urges is front-loaded with the 'new direction' material.... The second half of the album largely abandons techno trickery and soul balladry for the lush alt-country fans have come to expect. [Spring 2008, p.91]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Evil Urges is bound to wound some listeners, but with a little dedication there are new pleasures to be found within. Submit. Explore. Enjoy. [Summer 2008]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Where the separate parts of the first half didn't gel  the chopping and changing of different styles too much to take in, perhaps, in too short a period--the second part is much easier to handle, and whilst the strong finish isn't enough to stop it falling short of 'Z,' Evil Urges does find its own place given time."
Rolling Stone,60,"The album engages after repeats, but initially offers volume's immediacy over intimacy."
Billboard,60,"If 2005's 'Z' flirted with cautiously with funk synths and a more direct pop sound, Evil Urges makes it a full-blown, messy tryst."
Paste Magazine,60,"They're not the first current band to find new value in the big sounds and large lapels of Fleetwood Mac and the Eagles, but appear to be doing so without irony and something approaching childlike zeal."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Scattered and uneven, but not without its charms."
Blender,60,"Evil Urges isn't a bad album by any stretch of the imagination but it still manages to fall well short of expectations when applying the benchmark set by this fine band."
AllMusic,60,"Heard back to back they almost make sense, but the sequencing here amplifies the disjointed feel of an album that facinates and frustrates in equal measure. [July 2008, p.108]"
Hartford Courant,60,"The Fleetwood Mac-tinged 'Touch Me I'm Going to Scream Part 2' overcomes the overall air of pastiche. [July 2008, p.108]"
Hot Press,55,"Ultimately, though, this is a definite misfire in an otherwise impeccable career."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Evil Urges sounds like an album that falls short of its mark, committing the whole to a sound that ultimately weakens and breaks down its parts."
The A.V. Club,47,"There are few fiery guitar freakouts, folk-influenced melodies, soaring space-rock bridges, or psychedelic flourishes here; instead, the empty space is mostly filled with serviceable falsetto funk and glassy-eyed yacht-pop."
Filter,40,"As much as Evil Urges indulges, it rarely satisfies."
Under The Radar,30,"The best next step would be to return to form as soon as possible and forget these Evil Urges. [Summer 2008]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"Forget Evil Urges entirely; call this one Zzz."

Urb,80,"In Rubin's hands, Seeing Things plays like a songwriter playing his newest songs in your living room--a seductive feeling that no Wallflowers record ever captured, which is an excellent reason for Dylan to step out on his own."
Uncut,80,"Under Rubin's direction, Dylan's laid-back rasp, often laced with smoky harmonies, gains weight and texture."
The Guardian,80,"Treading his fathers path, hes never sounded so comfortably himself."
NOW Magazine,80,"His singing is a string of raspy exhalations, a measured and folksy wrapper for the despondent musings on 'War Is Kind,' one of several tunes that assess the outside world through introspection."
Dot Music,80,"Lyrically, this is clearly Jakobs strongest material to date."
Mojo,80,"Together [Dylan and Rick Rubin] have made an austere acoustic album that could've been titled 'American Recordings VI.' [June 2008, p.87]"
Q Magazine,80,"Dylan, as a songwriter, may have lost interest in grand rock-band arrangements but not his sense of melody or storytelling."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Jakob Dylan's debut effort, Seeing Things, is a bare bones acoustic record showcasing the talent of the son of Bob."
PopMatters,80,"He's beautifully world-weary in songs such as 'Valley of the Low Sun' and 'Will it Grow.' [Sep 2008, p.102]"
Pitchfork,75,"The unplugged treatment brings Dylan's strengths as a lyricist into sharp relief on his solo debut. [13 June 2008, p.70]"
Austin Chronicle,67,"With material this naked, a stumble or two is expected, but Seeing Things possesses enough newfound emotion to make even Bob Dylan proud."
Under The Radar,66,"There are pleasant moments, but by any measure Seeing Things as a whole is rather bland and featureless."
Magnet,60,"Melodically, Jakob could've dug a little deeper here, even if he was consciously avoiding radio-ready 'One Headlight' territory. But Seeing Things does manage a few unexpected moments of timeless grace."
AllMusic,60,"He and producer Rick Rubin deliver a well-judged acoustic set whose songs mix war weariness with hope and loss."
Billboard,60,"Though the younger Dylan hasn't the gravitas of those old masters, his best songs such as 'Will It Grow,' have an easy downbeat charm. [Aug 2008, p.135]"
Blender,40,"While his lyrics are as enigmatic as his father's (eg 'I was born in the summer of Sam'), it's hard to care about what he's on about."

Hartford Courant,83,"In their hyperkinetic hands, even integrating an acoustic standup bass with electronic beats seems perfectly natural. [20 June 2008, p.66]"
PopMatters,80,"A streamlined slab of silky, soul-soaked rock music, Seeing Sounds succeeds in capturing the best experiments on their first two albums while injecting new-school sequences into the mix."
Uncut,80,"Production superstars The Neptunes get back to penning their own tunes  with highly impressive results."
Boston Globe,75,"N.E.R.D.'s gonzo commitment to crossing genre boundaries in sometimes silly, nonsensical ways remains surprisingly tenable."
Hot Press,70,"Thematically starved, Seeing Sounds is nonetheless a sonic feast."
Mojo,70,"What can be concluded at this point is that, minor lyrical complaints aside, they have crafted their most consistent album and one of the best genre-blurring club records since M.I.A.s 'Kala.'"
Entertainment Weekly,67,"N.E.R.D's third album, an 'Anti Matter' suggestion that devotees 'tilt your head back and close your eyes' and try Seeing Sounds, bangs frantic enough to entice one serious auditory seizure."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Despite all the weight, those songs still have a way of seeming as easy and carefree as the moments when N.E.R.D. are simply bashing away (sometimes over agitated drum'n'bass), blowing off steam, and talking ridiculous nonsense. Whether taken as a diversion of throwaway fun or a deeper (or peculiar) look into what makes these men tick, the album succeeds."
Lost At Sea,60,"The Neptunes don't necessarily need guest MCs to make a great album of their own, but if they want their rhymes to keep up with the strength of their tunes, they need to dig a little deeper than this."
Spin,60,"To be fair, there aren't any real clunkers to be found on Seeing Sounds and lead single 'Everyone Nose (All the Girls Standing in Line for the Bathroom)' and album closer 'Laugh About It' are perfectly serviceable Neptunes tracks, but only two tunes, 'Spaz' and 'You Know What' are very visionary."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"While Seeing Sounds is a triumph of will, it is not quite a triumph."
Q Magazine,60,"They undoubtedly still see sounds others only dream of, but sometimes that vision is a little clouded."
The Guardian,60,"While Seeing Sounds is a marginal improvement on N*E*R*Ds second album, and a massive leap forward from Pharrells damp-squib of a solo record, it doesnt quite reach the heights of (either version of) their debut, let alone the pick of Pharrell and Chads production work for other people."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"A few club chants ('You jump around like you ADHD! ADHD! ADHD!') and heavy beats crop up throughout but, in the main, N*E*R*D ironically struggle to break out of their own defined anything-goes freedom on what's just a solid record."
NOW Magazine,60,"Williams' rapping is thankfully peripheral and the music is a fantastic, distracting mess. [Aug 2008, p.90]"
Hot Press,55,"You see, the first 5 songs set the album up to be a pure party album - which actually would have worked a lot better, with the last track being a comedown moment. But then, delusions of adequacy spring up and the LP ends up shooting off in different tangents, where musically it is solid (if entirely unchallenging), but lyrically/conceptually it do nothing for you."
The A.V. Club,46,"Like its unexpected stylistic kin My Morning Jacket's Evil Urges, Seeing Sounds finds its creators partaking in the subversively phallocentric narcissism of staring at their CD collections, confusing music listening with music understanding rather than enjoyment."
Billboard,40,"You leave Seeing Sounds convinced that Williams and Hugo are no closer to their dream of inventing a successful R&B/rock hybrid."
PopMatters,40,"Keep trying N.E.R.D., youre not even close to blowing us away here."

Austin Chronicle,80,"While 'Real Life' was so fully realized that it seemed to have a life of its own, To Survive feels more like songs written by somebody than something that materialized because it had to."
AllMusic,80,"'To America comes across very much a modern take on West Side Story replete with fine vocal performances from its central pair, sweeping strings and ebullient brass, its a jubilant finale to an album that, while never quite surpassing the evocative beauty of the bands first, matches it with a keen flourish."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's much darker, more contemplative territory; the songs are like intimate nocturnes located somewhere between classical and soul."
Slant Magazine,80,"Her emotion-rich songs have become tender affirmations, such as the hope-sprinkled 'Honor My Wishes.' And the needling guitar, soulful brass and gothic piano of her 'punk rock R&B' are more evocative than ever."
The New York Times,80,"An uncompromising work from an uncompromising artist, To Survive doesn't zip or sizzle. But yield to its gentle undulations and its hypnotic, brooding and utterly original genius becomes clear."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Dazzling sophomore effort from New York singer-songwriter."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Voice and piano are to the fore, but Wasser's orchestrations pulse and ebb like living things. [July 2008, p.102]"
Dot Music,80,"Joan Wasser has shown herself to be an assured torch singer and original artist. To Survive is a challenge at times, but ultimately rewarding."
Blender,80,"To Survive, however, ignites enough fireworks of its own. [July 2008, p.1112]"
RapReviews.com,80,"On To Survive, her second release under the moniker Joan As Police Woman, she casts the same torchy, seductive, chamber-pop spell that made her debut 'Real Life' such a pleasure, only doing it even more effectively this time."
Pitchfork,76,"This music can be difficult, but through its brooding emotional core and sophisticated, understated arrangements To Survive is also one of the most satisfying albums of 2008, melancholic and unloveable though it may often be."
The Guardian,75,"Wassers a collaborator at heart (she was a charter member of the Dambuilders and worked with Lou Reed, Antony & the Johnsons and Rufus Wainwright, who guests on To America), and she sounds most natural when shes backed by horns and keys and backing vox and slinky grooves."
Prefix Magazine,70,"For her second album, she flexes more ambition, and the results are rewarding. [June 2008, p.110]"
AllMusic,70,"While it doesnt quite bring one up short as 'Real Life' did, To Survive does something arguably even more valuable; it shows that the debut was in no way a fluke, and that Joan As Police Woman are in this for the long haul."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Despite a few lapses into the conventional, Wasser has crafted the deepest and most profound album of her career. [Summer 2008]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"To Survive is both sparser and more polished than last year's 'Real Life.' [Summer 2008, p.107]"
The Guardian,60,"Given the backdrop to Joan Wasser's second album was her mother's passing to cancer, it's unsurprising that To Survive also packs a soporific sadness that can be draining despite our hostess's artistry. [July 2008, p.110]"
Dot Music,60,"Its title notwithstanding, To Survive is JAPW's happy-in-love album, and the lack of tension--romantic, musical, or otherwise--causes it to drag."
Hot Press,57,"It starts strong (with the pensive 'Honor Wishes'), and ends on a high note (with the title track leading into 'To America,' Wasser's duet with Wainwright). Unfortunately, the middle of the album, burdened with turgid low points."

Uncut,83,"The [power pop] aesthetic remains intact on their ninth album, but it also proves the foursome--who alternate songwriting and vocal duties-- have honed their skills to a finely calibrated science. [20 June 2008, p.66]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Sloan have solved their problem by giving each member room to roam, and they're winding up with records that are rich emotionally and musically, illustrating that it is possible for a classicist guitar pop band like Sloan to grow with each passing year."
Q Magazine,80,"Parallel Play finds the quartet in fine form."
Paste Magazine,80,"The album is all over the place, with traces of Queen pop excesses flowing seamlessly with crunching, almost hardcore-punk-tinged guitar rockers and some weird stuff, too. Yet each of the tracks keeps Sloans Big Star-sounding power-pop roots intact."
cokemachineglow,80,"The 13-track Parallel Play is a decidedly less ambitious effort, but its no less brilliant in its execution."
Prefix Magazine,76,"Even those accustomed to Sloan's effortlessness will find the first half of Parallel Play almost flawless. There's still little in the way of artifice or innovation, but it's still easy to admire the architecture."
Spin,75,"It's a dazzling display of record-collection rock by the band's four-headed songwriting team, even if some tunes in the album's second half get lost in sticky sweet rush."
PopMatters,70,"Parallel Play ends up being a fans record: one whose economy and intelligence will delight the Sloan faithful but probably wont change the bands fortunes or alter its trajectory with a generation raised on American Idol."
Under The Radar,70,"Its great to watch the venerable Canadian band continue its post-slump renaissance, and even more fitting that it makes the rebound look easy."
Magnet,70,"Not as sprawling a set of riches as 'Never Hear the End of It,' this new album is more in the pop juggernaut category, where each song pulls the listener along in head-bobbing succession--but theres no less dynamism for that."
Mojo,60,"The result isnt quite on a par with their best work, but its nothing to scoff at either."
Boston Globe,60,"The follow-up--featuring a mere 13 songs--is solid and functional, but lacks that inspired edge. [Aug 2008, p.106]"
Pitchfork,50,"Sloan returns with this more digestible 13-song opus, but their essential blandness remains unchanged. [July 2008, p.104]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"There are a few diamonds here, but theres also a lot of stray buckshot. [Summer 2008]"

AllMusic,90,"A cheerfully restless record, one where all the parts don't fit and it's better because of it, as it has a wild, willing personality, suggesting that Weezer is comfortable as a band in a way they never quite have been before."
Hartford Courant,90,"The Red Album brings forward everything they do best, with hooks aplenty, emotive and funny lyrics, all washed down with the odd frisson of self doubt. It's a potent mix, and keeps them a step ahead once again."
Prefix Magazine,88,"Though it tails off toward the end, the second Weezer-Rubin collaboration (and the band's third self-titled album, out June 3) is a rush, starting with a sustained, four-song soliloquy on pop music's allure."
Magnet,80,"Starting with irresistible lead single 'Pork and Beans', a chunk of Weezers sixth album delivers the bands trademark combo of crushing power chords, pop-culture references and a healthy dose of ironic self-ridicule."
Pitchfork,80,"Everything is supercharged and melodic, like a poppy version of Nirvana. [July 2008, p.111]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Rivers Cuomo and co. deliver another scintillating collection of punk-pop  with added experimentation."
Paste Magazine,70,"Cuomo turns the mic over to the other three members of Weezer for a song each (the best: 'Automatic,' sung by drummer Pat Wilson), unironically salutes the influence of Nirvana ('Heart Songs') and marries fake crowd noise and piano to the thick power chords of 'Greatest Man.' Rock on."
PopMatters,70,"The songs are consistently vibrant, catchy, and well-built."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"There are a few clunkers, and the three songs sung by other band members don't add much, but the so-called 'Red Album' is better for its unevenness."
NOW Magazine,70,"What stops The Red Album being a great Weezer album, is--for the first time ever--Cuomos invitation to his bandmates to sing and write songs too."
Uncut,70,"['Pork and Beans'] is the best geek anthem this side of whatever MC Chris last hit was. The rest of the album may try mens souls, but if you ask me the verdicts still out."
Spin,70,"The Red Album is a wonderful jumping-off point for their second wind. [July 2008, p.145]"
Under The Radar,70,"On this, the third eponymous Weezer record (see, they are incomparable wise-asses) and sixth in total, there are contained some of their most pronounced moments."
AllMusic,70,"Weezer (red album), co-produced by Rick Rubin and Jacknife Lee (who has worked in the studio with Snow Patrol and R.E.M. and was a guitarist in Compulsion), is slight and flimsy (10 songs, 42 minutes), but finally returns the band to its peak entertainment level."
musicOMH.com,67,"Lyrics that once seemed cheeky and slyly referential back in the halcyon days of their 1994 debut (think ''Buddy Holly'') and 1996's Pinkerton (''El Scorcho'') have become tiresomely Seuss-ical on their sixth outing, Weezer."
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's rich, often funny material, but in Cuomo's ambition to make a career-sweeping tour de force-- telegraphed by the band's choice to return to estimable producer Rick Rubin--he badly overcooks the musical porridge, layering on overdubs, packing songs with key-change modulations and meandering instrumental codas, and generally refusing to hone and self-edit."
Uncut,60,"Aside from a few missteps like 'Everybody Get Dangerous,' there really isnt anything to get all pissy about here because its an older Weezer willing to take a few chances and still doing what they want to do."
Q Magazine,60,"Weezer's third eponymously titled album sees the progenitors of emo still frantically chasing their tail."
Hot Press,60,"Just download the good stuff or buy the album and dont expect much from Rivers because he never really gave you more than a few minutes of cheap thrills in the first place, which is plenty to thank him for."
Billboard,60,"The Rick Rubin and Jacknife Lee-produced follow-up to 2005's 'Make Believe,' finds Cuomo precariously balanced btween amused/amusing self-obsessed and de facto narcissism. [July 2008, p.110]"
Boston Globe,60,"All in all, this is pretty good album and it is by no means horrible."
Hartford Courant,50,"A number of plays through and its still not clear who, exactly, the band are taking the proverbial out of: themselves, playfully and absolutely intentionally, or us, fans whove become conditioned to not expecting the best from a band who, personally, have been a shadow of themselves since that first sequel release."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Over all, this new CD relies on familiar formulas: twitchy, singalong choruses, lyrical and musical in-jokes and affable vocal harmonies. But it also feels disjointed and indulgent, packed with stylistic U-turns."
PopMatters,50,"Weezer dwells on his well-documented obsessions with bad girlfriends and geek nostalgia, but without the usual giddy, mathematically precise songcraft."
Alternative Press,47,"Like the YouTube culture the 'Pork and Beans' video depicts so well, the song--and this album--relies on a high quantity of short-lived pretty good ideas to distract from a shortage of great ones."
Dot Music,40,"Now we get Cuomo name-dropping Eddie Rabbit, Joan Baez and 'a Cat named Stevens,' which makes Weezer sounds like a retread of 'Built To Spill,' who did the recycled-classic-rock-clich thing back in 1999. Did it better, too."
Trouser Press,40,"This is oddly like Carrie getting named prom queen--Weezer defying expectations with an early flurry of edgy pop tunes to start #6 with a bang, before it all goes horribly awry and the bad songs come down like a rain of blood. [Summer 2008]"
Entertainment Weekly,38,"As such, it is both a strong refutation of every album Weezer has made since 'Green' (as it, in its time, seemed to balk at 'Pinkerton') and a numbing confirmation of the only available place this band has left: comic shearing, loose plagiarism, three separate solo projects (all of which are balls)."
Rolling Stone,30,"If Red Albums songs were formulaic, shiny, and easily digestible like everything on Green or Maladroit, the vacuity of the new songs wouldn't be as big a problem.  But 'Heart Songs,' 'Thought I Knew'--these are just plain bad."
NOW Magazine,25,"The blame for Weezer can't all be laid on Cuomohis bandmates' songwriting contributions (particularly Brian Bell's Uncle Kracker stab 'Thought I Knew') are just as unforgivably soulless."
The Guardian,20,"Despite what theyd like us to think, The Red Album sounds like every one of Weezers misfires since 'The Green Album': a few songs that work and a whole slew that flounder completely."
No Ripcord,20,"Weezer seems to have driven their old shtick into the ground so perfectly, it almost seems like they've purposely become tired and boring."

Mojo,100,"Smilers is a masterpiece from a songwriter who's quietly chronicling the blanched last days of a sunshine empire. [July 2008, p.112]"
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"Smilers proves Aimee Mann still has plenty to offer doing the same thing she's already been doing for the last fifteen years."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Her yarns prove just as lovely as they are doeful. [13 June 2008]"
The New York Times,80,"After 2005 concept album 'The Forgotten Arm' was poorly received, Aimee Mann is back to writing stand-alone pop songs, and lo and behold, they comprise her most compelling album to date."
Blender,80,"As usual that pep is paired with tunes that seep into your brain with the stealth of Mann's own beguiling murmur and lyrics that range from poetic to narrative."
Pitchfork,80,"This time, the strong songwriting and astute musical arrangements combine to make Mann's latest her best album so far."
Paste Magazine,80,"Another nuanced collection of mid-tempo '70s-pop-referencing tunes that document the lives of folks who manage only fleeting moments of happiness between protracted stretches of frustration."
Under The Radar,80,"At its heart it's just a collection of songs, but it's that rare thing for a songwriter: it works as a piece of writing and a sterling pop album of its own."
cokemachineglow,80,"The result is simply a more keyboard-centric entry into her consistently excellent solo catalog."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It isn't any different to where she's been before, it's simply that quality levels remain uniformly high. [Aug 2008, p.139]"
The A.V. Club,70,"@#%&*! Smilers walks its own path as a uniquely beautiful addition to Manns already impressive catalogue."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"With its stories of faithless lovers, broken relationships and speed-dealing suburban doctors, @#%&*! Smilers almost seems to feed off the stagnation. [Aug 2008, p.88]"
Slant Magazine,67,"@#%&*! Smilers offers craft and monotony in equal measure."
Mojo,60,"Her wise, bitter lyrics never let her listeners off the hook; it'd be nice to hear her challenge herself as well."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Manns new record is smooth, moody, and a bit undistinguished."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Her decision to forgo electric guitars on @#%&*! Smilers results in the aural equivalent of watercolour washes, lovely and tasteful but lacking presence. [July 2008, p.102]"

Billboard,100,"The Steinski myth has grown in the darkness of bootlegs, but this long-overdue release proves that the reality more than lives up to the legend."
Boston Globe,100,"Barring 'Blade Runner,' the best pop art by a former adman. [June 2008, p.119]"
Hartford Courant,100,"Buy it while you can."
Spin,90,"Rap music has rarely gotten more virtuosic and creative than it does here."
AllMusic,90,"While Steinski's work with DeFranco aka Double Dee, is the most dazzling--precisely because it avoids the pitfalls of run of the mill culture jamming and guerrilla media tactics--Steinski's solo tracks certainly have their own pleasures, even if they are more straightforwardly textural than his collabotation with Double Dee. [June 2008, p.57]"
Paste Magazine,90,"By listening to What Does It All Mean?, you're giving yourself a vital history lesson, a blast of fun, and above all, some 130 minutes of fantastic music."
Q Magazine,88,"They may not seem on-point at first, occasionally wandering into vaguely tangential realms like a professor whos a few dropped chalks away from the retirement home, but eventually the genius of it settles in."
Tiny Mix Tapes,87,"Nothing to Fear might be the surprise highlight of this collection, even accounting for all the classic stuff on the first disc."
Blender,85,"Simply put, it is an essential document of hip hop history, an interesting collection of sound art, and a lot of fun to listen to as well."
The A.V. Club,80,"'The Motorcade Sped On,' a track that chops up funky beats with verteran newscaster Walter Cronkite reporting the death of President John F. Kennedy, is worth the price of admission alone. [July 2008, p.170]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Not all connect, but a bonus disc, the soon-vanished 2002 full-length Nothing to Fear, compensates. Buy this before it vanishes, too."
PopMatters,80,"It's rare that historically important recordings are also essential listening, but this is such a case."
Uncut,80,"Luckily for us, Illegal Art has included with this set 2006s Nothing to Fear a riveting journey by DJ that shows Steinski to be entering his second golden age."
The A.V. Club,80,"A reasonable first impulse is to try to identify all the sound sources; the inevitable second impulse is to marvel at how well he has chopped up and rearranged them into units of rhythm."
Spin,80,"Influence aside, what's just as impressive about this handsome anthology of barely legal rarities is how well tracks work as songs."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"As a piece of history, What Does It Mean is unbelievable, but as an album, the familiarity and datedness makes it a dull listening. [Summer 2008]"
AllMusic,60,"From Coldcut to DJ Shadow, every rap-era cut-up maestro owes a debt to Steven Stein. [Nov 2008, p.129]"
The Wire,60,"CD2 is a quirky new mixtape which proves he's still up to his old tricks. [Dec 2008, p.116]"

Sputnikmusic,90,"Mudhoney remain bloody but unbowed, heavyweight champions of fuzz and feedback, and on the evidence of The Lucky Ones, no one with any sense is going to challenge their title anytime soon; they built this strange machine, and they can drive it better than anyone before or since."
cokemachineglow,80,"The eleven tracks here are tight, raw, and marked by insistent thumping rhythms and taught chunky riffs, laying the groundwork for one of the bands most straight-ahead rock albums in years."
Pitchfork,80,"The Lucky Ones is unlikely to garner any new fans for Mudhoney, which is a shame because this is one of the best albums of their career."
RapReviews.com,80,"Although Mudhoney arent shaking things up too much with their established formula, The Lucky Ones shows no signs of the band mellowing out, and their bloozy, fuzzy rock action still sounds pretty damn great after a couple High Lifes."
Alternative Press,80,"Mudhoney celebrate 20 years of mucus-crusted punk hootenannies with a raw restatement of basic priciples. [June 2008, p.113]"
Blender,80,"Stooges riffs and Mark Arm's dirty growl bring alive tales of lusty romance played with a timeless swagger and an infectious smirk, though the lyrics do little justice to the power of the songs."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The Lucky Ones frames this new worldview in a punchier, tauter, leaner sound--less fuzz but more crunch. [July 2008, p.104]"
PopMatters,80,"The end result escalates The Lucky Ones into one of the finest albums Mudhoney has ever produced, as well as one of the best albums of the year thus far. [July 2008, p.158]"
The New York Times,80,"Some will call this regression, but longtime fans will likely call it focused and celebrate the return to form represented on The Lucky Ones."
Rolling Stone,72,"No envelopes are pushed on the quartet's latest, The Lucky Ones. But there's an increase in firepower that makes it their best effort in a while."
Under The Radar,70,"With Steve Turner's guitar a buzzing hangover and Mark Arm snarling with irresistibly creepy restraint, Mudhoney's eighth studio album finds the band rocking like it's 1988 . . . or 2008."
Q Magazine,70,"Longtime fans may accuse the band of losing its edge with age, but The Lucky Ones is still an exciting and efficient bridge between the Stooges' growling ruckus and Nirvana's noisy pop anthems."
Uncut,70,"The bedrock combination of redlined guitars and Mark Arm's adenoidal wail has only been rendered more caustic by two decades of watching lesser lights cash out. [June 2008, p.114]"
AllMusic,70,"The Lucky Ones is a solid record chock full of classic sludge, pissed off yelps, and witty (almost existential) lyrics."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The Lucky Ones shows him to be as reassuringly sarcastic and self-deprecating as ever."
musicOMH.com,67,"Lucky Ones is the sound of a band that obviously knows not to fuck with a good thing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its another batch of seemingly uninspired grunge rockers lacking the sinewy venom that was the hallmark of early Mudhoney."
Mojo,60,"Pitched somewhere between the Blues Explosion and Grinderman, it's an awesome racket, but the lack of time spent means the potential of 'Next Time' and the fevered 'New Meaning' have been lost in the rush to record. [July 2008, p.108]"
The Guardian,60,"It may not match the transcendent bird-flipping of those early albums, but Mudhoney are still as pissed and giddy as ever. [Summer 2008]"

Uncut,88,"No, Virginia ranks with Elvis Costellos 'Taking Liberties' as a B-sides/leftovers album that turns out to be more fun and more revealing than a thought-out official release."
Alternative Press,80,"Considering that it's an album of leftovers--one B-side from 'Yes, Virginia...,' four unreleased recordings, one old demo, a cover, and five new recordings, to be exact--the songs on No, Virginia... are unexpectedly strong."
Magnet,80,"Given the collection's remarkable cohesion, No Virginia works as a proper third album, instead of merely being a companion piece to the previous disc. [July 2008, p.170]"
Pitchfork,71,"In a way, they don't even try to [reconcile their spotlight-swallowing energy], and that makes No, Virginia... an album on par with the Dolls' two fully conceived LPs."
Billboard,70,"Some cuts, like the cover of 'Pretty in Pink,' or the tensionless march of 'Mouse and the Model,' didn't need to be resurrected. But others, like the singalong rolling notes of 'Sorry Bunch' or 'Night Reconnaissance,' a multipart romp about middle-class vagrants, can stand with the Dolls' A-sides."
Hartford Courant,70,"Considering the album's disparate origins, its slightly disjointed feel makes sense but doesn't keep it from being a solid must-have for fans."
Spin,70,"Missteps aside, No, Virginia is a solid effort that proves theres more depth to the Dolls then just pancake makeup and vampy lingerie."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The turbulent choruses, allusive wordplay and pounding piano interludes faithfully hew to the self-defined subgenre Brechtian-punk cabaret."
Prefix Magazine,70,"As it is, though, its a very respectable compilation by one of the more clever bands in indie rock today, good enough to keep the Dresden Dolls fans satisfied for another year."
The A.V. Club,70,"No, Virginia compiles a clutch of new tunes, old demos, B-sides, and cast-offs from the previous album, but it scores biggest with an obsessed fan's accordion-powered rendition of the Psychedelic Furs' 'Pretty in Pink.'"
PopMatters,60,"Hopefully, the band will release new material soon, but No, Virginia is a good snack before the next meal."
Q Magazine,60,"Fervent and fierce, with a half-earned world-weariness that can recall Johnny Rotten himself, the Dresden Dolls mean to make goth theatrically smart. Quite often, they do. [July 2008, p.71]"
Under The Radar,60,"This is a less than ideal introduction to the oeuvre of the usually intriguing 'Dolls. [July 2008, p.93]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Although it holds together better than out-takes album might, newcomers should start elsewhere. [July 2008, p.101]"

AllMusic,80,"Taut musicianship, well-crafted songs and potent vocals make this a landmark album in an already multiplatinum career."
Alternative Press,70,"3 Doors Down--the band and the album--won't be breaking any records with this release, but they have produced a solid, if not spectacular, collection of a dozen tunes for their fans, who have been waiting two years for something new."
Pitchfork,58,"Much of the pop-metalers' fifth CD is overwrought. [23 May 2008, p.122]"
Billboard,50,"That's the ultimate irony of 3 Doors Down as they mature: try as they may to pour out their angst-ridden hearts, by riding out their success and smoothing out their music they've turned into mildly aggro background music at malls and movie theaters across the nation."
Boston Globe,40,"On their self-titled fourth album, one colon-blowing mid-tempo after another shows the strain."
Paste Magazine,40,"The lack of specificity has also been a 3 Doors Down hallmark and that blankness overwhelms their decidedly unflamboyant, often dull fourth album."

The New York Times,100,"The eleven original songs all sound distinctively unique and yet, uniquely familiar all the same. And even when Oldham covers a song, he is able to make it sound like one of his own."
PopMatters,91,"The songs are full, lush, even sparkling, and their teeming arrangements--woodwinds, electric piano, summer-afternoon copulations of banjo and violin--are the best of his career."
Spin,90,"Lie Down In The Light is the sound of a musician at ease, quietly and calming experimenting with his sound and subsequently coming up with his finest work to date."
NOW Magazine,87,"Lie Down may be Oldham's most country record of new songs in years, and it's also one of his most accessible and least academic records."
Blender,85,"This maturation of lyrical character is the Bonnie 'Prince' Billy we would hope for and expect at this juncture in his career. While there may always be a darkness, it's refreshing to bask in his newfound light."
Uncut,83,"No shocking directions or paroxysmal about-faces, but Lie Down In The Light is still some glorious stuff, expectations met and mettle once again tested."
Q Magazine,80,"These 12 songs are beautiful in their bucolic simplicity, and elegant, too, in their tidy melodies and warm flickers of emotion."
Billboard,80,"At times the Crosby, Stills & Nash-inspired harmony bits come off slightly overbaked, but if Oldham is angling for a summery feel-good sound that will go down well with Americana fans without alienating his sad sack indie rock fans, Id say he knocked it out of the park."
Hartford Courant,80,"Their second track focuses on Oldham's other great theme, death, and ranks among the finest songs he has written in his 15-year career. The rest of the album is as you'd expect from his twisted majesty: expressions of human futility, belligerent solipsism and awestruck hymns to God, backed with country sounds redolent of moonlit nights, sawdust-strewn saloons and horses' hooves."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Will Oldham gets back to the country."
AllMusic,80,"Theyve made a mature record, with steady hands on the tiller."
Blender,80,"Lie Down In The Light is his most coherent LP since the bleak masterpiece 'I See A Darkness.' [Aug 2008, p.85]"
The New York Times,75,"'(Keep Eye On) Others' Gain' and the title track sound similarly hopeful. The gloom is still there on 'You Remind Me of Something' and 'Willow Trees Bend,' but it feels less crushing. There is also more variety to the sonic textures."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The brisk bout of choral sighing that rounds off Ill Be Glad provides an effective grace note for this hugely likeable record, if underlining slightly the notion of Lie Down In The Light as a worthy, somewhat minor addition to Oldhams formidable oeuvre."
The A.V. Club,70,"The arrangements and production are all stunning--like with 'Master and Everyone,' the performances are so intimate and recorded so well you can hear floorboard creaking in spots--but the tunes are a touch uneven."
musicOMH.com,70,"Lie Down In The Light is still slightly marred by this uneven pace."
Pitchfork,70,"Lie Down In The Light is arguably the most various of the records since the own-songs covers album, but it illustrates one of the perversities of Oldham's songwriting. [July 2008, p.45]"
Lost At Sea,60,"While not without its pleasures, particularly in its first half, the album seems to find the Bonnie Prince just a little too much at ease for his (and our) own good."
cokemachineglow,60,"'Easy Does It' is pleasant and clever rather than emotive and memorable, like so much of this album. [Aug 2008, p.114]"

Hartford Courant,91,"Only one thing's certain -- his songwriting."
NOW Magazine,90,"The Old 97's sound youthful and newly energized, having returned to Dallas and relocated that beloved crossroads between twangy country rock and tight, economic power pop."
The Guardian,80,"Comfortable and confident all the way through, and a highly welcomed return."
Hot Press,80,"Blame It On Gravity is a welcome return to form."
The New York Times,80,"These 13 tunes unfold at less of a breakneck pace than some of the band's earlier songs, but the musicians are as tight and the songwriting as strong as on anything the group has released."
Uncut,80,"The disc has plenty of amped-up, distortion-filled moments (Ride, The Easy Way), but the band throws in more than few twangy, laid-back tracks (She Loves The Sunset, The Beautiful Thing). Infectious tunes and, most important, variety, make this another great disc in the bands solid career."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"Gravity should keep fans happy, the unconverted will stay that way, and no one will be embarrassed."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Its a nice reminder of what was so wonderful about alt-country in the first place."
Slant Magazine,70,"'Strum it on a Telecaster/Sing it like a train-disaster song,' sings Miller. It's a perfect mission statement from four Texans raised on the Beatles and Johnny Cash in equal measures, whose shiny melodies, and fatalistic character studies, do their forefathers proud."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Their seventh studio album bucks and chugs, balancing the quartet's original alt-country impetus with Rhett Miller's love of power pop. [June 2008, p.116]"
The Wire,70,"Make no mistake, Blame It On Gravity is a guitar-pop record at heart. Other than a few twangy flourishes here and there, bassist Murry Hammond appears to be the one keeping the country faith, delivering one of his best performances on Color Of A Lonely Heart Is Blue."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Millers voice remains in fine form throughout, crooning and growling his smartly phrased romantic ambivalence, while the band mixes it up with Spanish, island, and jazz flavors without neglecting their beloved twang. [Summer 2008]"
Mojo,70,"The songs move between love and regret and between restlessness and loneliness."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"Rhett Millers lovelorn lyrics remain respectably literary, while his pretty singing and his pals pretty playing turn increasingly wan and half-cooked."
AllMusic,60,"The players' tight grip on the material reveals a first-rate band in peak form. [June 2008, p.98]"
Billboard,60,"What sounds like leftovers from Miller's last solo effort and bizarre surf-rock-inspired numbers rear their ugly heads, leaving these Lone Star Staters in jeopardy of repeating the grade. [July 2008, p.158]"
Paste Magazine,50,"Feminist complaints aside, the problem with this seventh LP is that the Old 97's suffer from being too comfortable."

Hartford Courant,83,"His third studio CD, We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things., includes pleasantly lightweight jams with beachy guitars (''Live High''), R&B horns (''Make It Mine''), even playful scat singing (''I'm Yours'')."
NOW Magazine,80,"The 30-year-old San Diegan makes another foray into sonic cross-pollination with heavy doses of polish and free-flowing energy on his third full-length studio album."
The A.V. Club,80,"Jason Mraz emerges even bolder than before on an album loaded with strings, horns, formidable grooves and a dozen songs dripping with mantra-like positivity."
PopMatters,70,"The nice thing about the soulful shimmer of We Sing is that it's so slick that it's easy to ignore the gibberish spilling out of Mraz's mouth and just enjoy the sunny, easy sound."
Rolling Stone,70,"The album sounds great, and Mraz knows what he is up to. Less clear, I think, is whether the razzle-dazzle wordsmith who loves his Eminem records is ready to truly enter the marketplace as a serious vocalist and a sober songwriter. We Sing, We Dance, We Steal Things is clearly making a bid in that direction."
Spin,60,"Mraz shines brightest on a pair of '70s-style piano-pop songs. 'Love for a Child' would be solid midtempo Elton John, complete with lyrics (viewing a failing relationship from the child's perspective) just oddball enough for Bernie Taupin."
Magnet,60,"The album is harmless fun, and the funky, groovy, hook-dominated tracks are impossible to hate."
Under The Radar,50,"Pondering his parents divorce or describing intricate and delicate sex acts, Mraz's tasty tenor remains a modestly classy pleasure. But he's lost crucial cool. [June 2008, p.75]"
The New York Times,40,"Listening to this is like being followed home by a puppy--initially cute and guilelessly affecting, but rapidly irritating. [July 2008, p.104]"
Blender,40,"Would be blockbuster from the Jack Johnson its really not okay to like."
Uncut,40,"For a moment one can hear Mraz's real soul, rather than a factory-assembled version. Sadly, it's too little and too late to save this queasy record."
Alternative Press,40,"They all bed down with perfunctory efficiency as the voaclly gifted, lyrically vague Mraz holds court with a nylon-string guitar. [Feb 2009, p.112]"

Austin Chronicle,90,"Thing of the Past succeeds on three different fronts. Certainly, excellent song selection is one, inspired musicianship and arrangements another, but the actual sound of the recording is equally important in putting Thing of the Past across."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"More than anything else, there's a sense of contentment and pleasure that purveys the Things Of The Past that could have been lifted from the Summer of Love itself."
Hartford Courant,90,"This is a great album, possibly the finest covers record in recent memory, and itll take some beating in 2008."
Billboard,80,"The record is super studied, but never bloodless. And its much better than that sounds."
AllMusic,80,"The mood is sweet and slightly whacked-out as Cabic brings campfire cheeriness to Norman Greenbaum;s 'Hook & Ladder' and wistful resilence to Ian (Fairport) Matthews' 'Road to Ronderlin.' [June 2008, p.109]"
PopMatters,80,"Here, as elsewhere, Thing of the Past is as educational as it is delightful. [June 2008, p.148]"
Boston Globe,70,"Ultimately, this album probably wont be the critical sleeper hit that its predecessor was-its hard to find fault with the bands playing, the choice of songs, and the overall premise, but Thing of The Past only nudges their art forward a bit from 'To Find Me Gone.'"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Thing Of The Past is a comprehensive collection that dispels any previous notions that its creators are mere one-trick ponies, and as for that other bloke, Devendra what's his name?, Vetiver's identity crisis is surely a Thing Of The Past."
Blender,70,"Thing of the Past show how much Cabic and his band know and love about the folk tradition, and that theyve clearly got the chops to be an integral part of it."
Uncut,70,"A genre once kept alive through the oral lineage of mothers singing to their children, you get a similar feel on Thing of the Past that band leader Andy Cabrics main motivation is simply keeping this simple but touching music alive. [Summer 2008]"
Hot Press,65,"Thing of the Past is a perfectly pleasant, well-produced album that offers an authorized version of what Vetiver fans already unofficially know about the band."
Dot Music,60,"Some (Hawkwind's 'Hurry on Sundown') work by highlighting a different, tougher side of Vetiver. But too many others, including a version of Loudon Wainwright's 'Swimming Song', drift pleasantly by without the tension that characterises the best of Vetiver's own work."
Mojo,60,"Thing of the Past contains no original songs (although it's unlikely that anyone without a nasty crate-digging habit will recognize most of these tracks), but Vetiver are awfully well suited to the material, and Cabic's vocals--sweet, smooth, and golden--shine."
AllMusic,60,"As fans of the or two previous albums might expect, there's little on this covers collection that proves Vetiver's love of the three-minute pop format: the mood is instead tuned to the free-festival campfire and the misty morning meditation. [July 2008, p.111]"
musicOMH.com,60,"As tasteful as it all is, you still wonder what Vetiver is bringing to this material other than reverence. [Summer 2008, p.109]"
No Ripcord,50,"Vetiver, a band with loads of potential yet to be fully realized, can't help but come across on Thing of the Past like a well-orchestrated coffeehouse act with unusually exquisite taste."

The New York Times,90,"Its muscular confidence and stylistic purity make it a must-listen for the psychedelically inclined, as well as an easy candidate for one of the best records of the year."
Uncut,80,"The breakdowns on songs like 'Dee-Ree-Shee' and 'You in Color' truly highlight each member's technical and dynamic abilities; the crescendos emphasize their quantum power to make great art as a group."
Q Magazine,80,"Some progression and distinction from 'Passover' to Directions to See a Ghost is discernable over the unremitting low-end vibrations, some tweaks to the combustive chemistry as it was previously established."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Musically, all the touchstones that made 'Passover' so riveting are in place. [Summer 2008, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"It's kind of samey, sure--but in a formalist genre, that isn't necessarily a bad thing."
PopMatters,70,"This is the sort of psychedelia that space rockers and Nuggets fans alike can come together over."
Under The Radar,70,"The songs on the bands second album, Directions to See a Ghost (Light in the Attic) linger over one chord, perhaps two, and an unswerving beat, which doesnt mean theres no variety."
Pitchfork,67,"Whereas 'Passover' came wired with explosives, Ghost airs out its thrust with mercenary inevitability."
Observer Music Monthly,61,"If you isolate any random 45 seconds of Directions to See a Ghost's 70 minutes, you'll definitely be compelled to listen for another few minutes--after which time you'll probably start waiting for a solo or a shift in tone that might not even come."
Spin,60,"By no means an awful record, but certainly a disappointing one."
Mojo,60,"With many songs over four minutes and often consisting of blantantly stoned self-indulgent 'jams,' some trimming is needed."
Magnet,60,"It's dark, powerful and groovy, but some more variety wouldn't go amiss. [July 2008, p.90]"
Slant Magazine,60,"While it makes for an impressive sound, it's hard not to yearn for more than the occasional flirtation with a second dimension, such as the sitar-driven 'Deer-Ree-Shee ' or the heavy riffed Krauturock-inspired groove that serves as the second half of 'Never/Ever.'"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Directions may not hit with the same weight as 'Passover,' but it is certainly a worthy follow-up. [Summer 2008]"
Billboard,60,"Undeniably grandiose as the Black Angels may be, the unrelenting darkness becomes too claustrophobic; even the Velvets sometimes let the sunshine in. [Aug 2008, p.113]"
PopMatters,50,"Ghost drowns in Spacemen 3-like drone, feedback, and reverb until the tunes congeal into a deliberately muddy, impenetrable trance. [June 2008, p.104]"
Magnet,40,"The band call their dark noise 'hypno-drone'n'roll', but they could do with less drone, more roll."

The A.V. Club,80,"The concept is basic and brilliant: a song for every bitter month of a year of off-again/on-again romance, from splitting the record collection in January to A token e-mail/ A drunken text/A sorry go-round of cell-phone sex in October."
AllMusic,76,"Twelve Angry Months is Lucas' best album in a decade, and arguably his catchiest. Not his most powerful."
The New York Times,70,"This isn't Local H's best album, but it's certainly their most daring and emotionally naked, and the results are truly impressive."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The songs sometimes dip slightly below the absurdly high quality level Local H normally provides, yes, but most of my unease here is because its so painfully on target."
Pitchfork,63,"For what is in essence the ultimate expression of inadequacy, self-loathing, failure, and impotence, 12 Angry Months is a tough little thing."
Drowned In Sound,60,"You start out rooting for Lucas when his ex keeps his Pretenders album. But the more mean-spirited he gets, the more his melodies fail him."

Urb,84,"There are some raucous shout-alongs (with pots and pans!), but the band keeps it cohesive as singer Van Pierszalowski steers them through thoughtful waters--standing boldly triumphant in the face of the rempest. [Spring 2008, p.89]"
Uncut,80,"All We Could Do Was Sing does exactly what it say on the tin - an astonishing album, rich in storytelling and fables; woven with 11 brilliant songs by a band apparently driven by nothing more than the sheer love of performing."
Q Magazine,80,"Thats not to say they dont come across like an all-singing, all-banging Life Aquatic armed with pots, pans and whatever instrument comes to hand, but from the raw, stamping folk-punk to the string layered sea ditties, All We Could Do Was Sing is much more than it initially lets on."
Under The Radar,80,"And as folksiness, indieness and bittersweet mournfulness set the tone, it also becomes apparent that this is much better than the words folk and indie on their own suggest."
Mojo,80,"['Valdez' is] a wholly appropriate ending to an album by a band that makes its own experiences with distance and isolation into something that is, whether sad or celebratory, at once as changeable and as constant as the sea."
Spin,80,"It's all charmingly rendered and, as in the wigout 'Pigeonhold,' teeming with joyous abandon a la the Arcade Fire. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
The Guardian,75,"The good news is that the band's official debut (following the 2007 collection 'Wind And The Swell') is still a solid art-pop album at its core, and importantly, more 'American Gangster' than 'The Crane Wife.'"
Blender,70,"There's a distance to their music, as if they're floating away on the horizon, just out of reach. It's worth savouring them that way."
Lost At Sea,70,"Merging aquatic Americana that casts its net over the gang mentality of Arcade Fire, The Polyphonic Spree and Broken Social Scene  and that most ber-overexposed of F-words, folk  its clear why Johnny Marr is touting the Californian throng as his new favourite band."
AllMusic,70,"All We Could Do Was Sing is an excellent advertisement for a live show. [Summer 2008, p.88]"
PopMatters,60,"They like wonky jangle that recalls Pavement, mumbling melancholy, and the odd rowdy singalong and flourish of violin. Then something happens: their songs start to snag, and their sharp, simple lyrics do justice to sentiment."

Pitchfork,80,"It's some of Firewater's angriest, most poignant, and most accomplished music."
Spin,80,"Tod A had to leave the country to write Firewaters latest, but his quest has resulted in their best album yet. [Summer 2008]"
Filter,70,"Its a testament to the strength of Ashleys reality, and more importantly his adaptability, that the album holds together at all. Although it draws on half a continents worth of source material, The Golden Hour still bears, at every turn, the dark, swaggering cynicism that has always defined Firewater."
Dot Music,70,"It defies, nay challenges, you not to tap your feet or, heaven forbid, dance."
Drowned In Sound,67,"When stretching things out to an hour, Firewatera predecessor to Gogol Bordello, Beirut, and any other indie group assimilating Balkan-esque influenceshaven't made a record as concise or clever as it should have been, but they can still knock out an anthem ('6:45') with refreshing confidence."
Hot Press,60,"Predictably, it's all over the map, but The Golden Hour fizzes with invention. [July 2008, p.106]"

PopMatters,90,"Slims range and depth are on full display this time out--with Langhorne Slim, he has painted his first near masterpiece, marking himself as a true artist whose work should be followed with a careful ear from here on out."
Uncut,83,"Langhorne Slim is a well-crafted but blessedly unfussy collection of songs about the simple pleasures of being young, rakish, and devil-may-care."
Pitchfork,70,"Though Langhorne Slim has its delights, one would be remiss not to note its flyover country."
musicOMH.com,70,"While Scolnick hasnt refined his oftentimes maudlin lyrical sensibilities to match his serious taste for pop hooks, his honeycombed, hopscotching vocal delivery now has some muscle to back it up."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's not that there aren't any engaging moments here--'Restless' is nicely minor and introspective, and the simplicity of 'Oh Honey' actually works quite well--but there are too many misses in between, enough to mar the good parts of Langhorne Slim, making for a sadly unfulfilling release."
Under The Radar,60,"The overproduction of the record is a constant detriment: a large part of Langhornes charm is in the rawness of his sound and his unrestrained vocals, but these songs lack the wild-eyed, howling passion of his earlier recordings, even if lyrically they are much stronger than his previous songwriting efforts."
The Guardian,60,"'The Tipping Point' is typical of the album as a whole, a rush of hoe-down guitars and echo-laden drums topped off with a half-yelp of a vocal that recalls a slightly more unhinged Jack White. [July 2008, p109]"

AllMusic,82,"Flourishes of horns add to the traditional band instrumentation, giving Bragg a solid foundation on which to convey his message. [Spring 2008, p.92]"
Under The Radar,80,"Mr. Love and Justice unvels a warmer, less blustry, more soulful Bragg. [Apr 2008, p.102]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"His best work transcends politics. Mr Love & Justice contains both he best and worst of Bragg."
PopMatters,80,"Six years after his last album, England, Half English, Bragg has come up trumps: Mr Love & Justice, with his band the Blokes, is his best realised work musically for ages."
The A.V. Club,80,"The scope of Mr. Love & Justice is often modest, but it speaks with grace, wisdom, and heart, and finds Billy Bragg a bit older, a bit wiser, and still committed to fighting the good fight; it's a return to form, a step forward, and a potent reminder of why Bragg's music still matters."
Uncut,80,"Whether you prefer him shouting vitriol on the picket line or whispering sweet nothings in the bedroom, you'll find plenty to enjoy here."
Paste Magazine,80,"Bragg colors his brilliant Cockney-accented discourse with Appalachian folk on the Woody Guthrie-influenced 'O Freedom,' where he protests, 'Freedom, what liberties are taken in thy name?' On 'I Keep Faith,' which features Soft Machine legend Robert Wyatt, he taps classic soul."
The A.V. Club,80,"Rather than being a return to form, its a leap forward in maturity, depth and nuance."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Overall, Mr. Love and Justice is classic Bragg: frequently fantastic folk-rock that keeps both the faith and your attention."
Magnet,75,"While he doesn't scale the heights he achieved on earlier albums, at least the mountains are visible from here."
AllMusic,75,"Recorded with his working band the Blokes, the album isnt without its misfires (the obvious 'The Johnny Carcinogenic Show'), but it is Braggs most assured statement since hooking up with Wilco a decade ago to give life to lost Woody Guthrie lyrics."
PopMatters,70,"Bragg gets the balance of message and music just about right. [May 2008, p.94]"
Uncut,70,"The songs are pleasant enough, but they ultimately feel a bit over-thought, and Bragg often makes his best points with nothing more than his voice and an acoustic guitar."
Filter,65,"Mr. Love & Justice isn't exactly the musical equivalent of dropping flowers down the barrels of rifles, but there is a certain passivity to the disc, a characteristic magnified by the rootsy approach of Bragg's trusty band the Blokes, who channel the bucolic bent of the Band rather than the edge of the Clash."
Mojo,63,"Unfortunately, when Bragg ventures back into well-trod territory, it falls somewhat flat. Though 'Sing Their Souls Back Home' focuses on troops stationed all over the world, the teeth of past protest songs are entirely absent."
Uncut,60,"Bragg is taking stock. Hes now doing it for himself, at his own pace. Those in search of revelation from an old punk with a new perspective will be left hanging"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Here his long-established yet lumpy backers The Blokes too often impede his thoughtful lyrics. [Apr 2008, p.102]"
AllMusic,50,"It is, for all its faults, still a solid record. But, coming from an artist as consistently brilliant as Billy Bragg has been, it could have been a lot more."
Billboard,50,"Overall, though, Mr. Love & Justice is a collection of broken promises and lyrics that dont live up to their potential."
Boston Globe,40,"After six years away this pasty Americana comes as a big disappointment."
Paste Magazine,40,"Billy Braggs studio return finds him in his comfort zone provided by the Blokes and producer Grant Showbiz under yet another title copped from novelist Colin MacInnes."
Village Voice,40,"On the whole Mr Love & Justice is an album that sounds like it was made for the sake of it rather than to cascade any real statement of intent."

The A.V. Club,80,"In catharsis lies energy, and this, ultimately, is a very joyful, uplifting album. [Nov 2008, p.108]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"If only all music was this fun. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Spin,60,"It isn't a disaster by any means--well-recorded, enthusiastic sounding songs are always a treat--but it's in the end pleasant, not striking."
Hartford Courant,60,"It's unfortunate, then, that the veteran Seasick Steve is making bigger waves with a similar sound.Nevertheless, while Cavalli's thunder has been stolen, lightning remains in these woozy, boozy stompers that aren't unduly burdened by the familiarity of howling winds and the obligatory appearance by the Devil."
Pitchfork,40,"Cryland is, for the most part, a collection of psyched-up blues riffs that underpin lyrics full of anachronistic clichs about old-time religion and various other tried-and-true topics about which people sing The Blues."

Los Angeles Times,91,"The protest songs on Just Us Kids, particularly 'Cheney's Toy,' will hog all the attention, but they're the least of this roots rocker's treasures here. It's James McMurtry's brilliant character sketches that really shine."
Hot Press,91,"Live, McMurtry can still be way too strophic and trad. But he's never made an album so loud or hard."
Q Magazine,89,"In such stories, McMurtry locates again and again an element of humanity that saves his angriest screeds from easy pigeonholing."
PopMatters,80,"Just Us Kids is an album very much of its time that also speaks to the larger ideas of life in America in an uncertain age, and it's brave, smart, and pithy music that captures James McMurtry at the top of his game."
Magnet,80,"Its the ache of 'Ruby and Carlos' that reveals McMurtrys sensitive brilliance as a chronicler of quiet desperation (though even here, he cant resist a jibe about the Mason-Dumbass Line)."
musicOMH.com,80,"McMurtry cuts through all the crap when describing the state of America these days. Call McMurtrys music what you will, just dont call it kids stuff."
NOW Magazine,80,"A definate contender when those Best of the Year polls gets underway. [Aug 2008, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"He's getting better with age. [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Mojo,70,"Muscularly arranged with bongolated beats, psychedelic swamp guitars, boogie-woogie pine top and snowballing chorus hooks, Just Us Kids approximates a certain literate strain of early-'80s album rock."
Uncut,70,"He's always here to try to twist reality's wires some more, just so, and leave a little room to move."
AllMusic,60,"Just Us Kids in part repeats the forumla, targeting SUV drivers, filthy corporations, and Dick Cheney, in an affecting but familiar preach to the converted. [June 2008, p.97]"

The Guardian,100,"Musically, the album is a triumph from first to last."
Dusted Magazine,100,"It's hilarious, chilling and exhilarating: further evidence of the unique and enviable position Cave finds himself in at 50."
Entertainment Weekly,92,"Cave's themes remain unchanged, but his songcraft prowess continues to grow, aided by the finest instrumental backing and production of any Bad Seeds album to date. [Winter 2008, p.90]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),91,"Cave spits out his woebegone lyrics as if he were a Holy Ghost-filled preaching machine leading the world's funkiest revival meeting."
Austin Chronicle,90,"On Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!, rock, country, blues, and post-punk rhythms meld with Caves lyrics on sex, death, God, and America to create what could be one of his most perfect albums yet."
AllMusic,90,"He sacrifices none of his newfound momentum on the fantastic Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!, his sharpest, wittiest, most resolute album in over a decade."
Paste Magazine,90,"What it all comes down to is that Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!! is a Bad Seeds record that ups the ante once again."
PopMatters,90,"Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!! is ultimately a rock record more than it is an ideas record, but on both counts the Seeds bring it like a band half their age."
Mojo,90,"Its a vital record, one thats Nick Cave through and through, and whether hes exploring his garage roots or his spooky, narrative tendencies its at all points a triumph."
Q Magazine,90,"On Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!!, Cave weaves yet another tapestry of characters."
Blender,89,"Jangling Jack's back."
Village Voice,85,"The record is a less sonically abrasive affair than the album Cave released last year with his side-project Grinderman, but it teems with as many musical and lyrical ideas as ever."
Uncut,84,"The Bad Seeds sound even edgier and more sophisticated on Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!, providing a fitting pulpit for their bandleader's ravings."
Observer Music Monthly,83,"Yes, Dig bears little concept or nuance, but it more than makes up for it in raw, oozing passion."
The Guardian,80,"Even if Prince, Madonna, Paul Weller, Shane MacGowan, Ice-T and Michael Jackson got together to form a freakish supergroup, theyd struggle to make an album containing as much vitality, humour and invention as Cave and his wizened cronies have."
Filter,80,"The band has never sounded better, and Cave seems to have relaxed into the hysteria of his vocal style; like Elmer Gantry singing Leonard Cohen at a tent-revival."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"There's a rolling, free and expansive feel to the album as a whole that is not only one of its most attractive features, but is also the most difficult thing about it to pin down."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"While there are inevitable parallels what with one album following the last so soon, this fourteenth LP from the fluctuating-of-membership Bad Seeds is a bolder creation that its predecessor."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The fourteenth Bad Seeds record is willfully untidy and, at times, pretty chaotic. It also rocks like crazy. [Apr 2008, p.104]"
AllMusic,80,"Feral intensity abounds. [Apr 2008, p.98]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Dig Lazarus Dig!!! delivers a platter that is both powerfully-arcane and invigoratingly-fresh, that serves as possibly Nick Caves best main-course studio release with The Bad Seeds for quite some time."
No Ripcord,80,"In other words--even though the mood is more menacing than morose--its vintage Cave."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The 50-year-old's songwriting blue streak continues on Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!, a triumphant album that merits all three exclaimation marks. [Apr 2008, p.105]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"'We Call Upon the Author to Explain' goes the title of one song, but Cave offers no explanations and no justifications merely another lean, assured set of glamorously gloomy songs."
Hot Press,80,"Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!! should prove an exhilarating listen for most fans of Cave's oeuvre. It has a lot of the rawness and jagged edges of a classic Bad Seeds album, hopped up with off-kilter beats and loads of loops contributed by violinist Warren Ellis."
Pitchfork,80,"Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!! is even more entertainingly disturbing, a rocking psycho-carnival ride (complete with swirling organ) that clearly nods to Cave's roots."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's not every goth-punk fiend who can celebrate his fiftieth birthday with an album as loud, filthy and brilliant as Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!! sees Cave at his wittiest and most relaxed, though perhaps also most detatched. [Apr 2008, p.53]"
Uncut,80,"The playful Dig!! Lazurus Dig!!! stands among his most mature albums. [Summer 2008, p.98]"
Dot Music,66,"So, while Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!! is a pretty good album and as characteristically lip-smacking as Cave is capable, its only engaging in the details which, unfortunately, are hard to hear because Caves screaming something about vulvas over top."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Its not surprising, then, that a number of the tunes on Dig!!! Lazarus Dig!!! sound familiar. Besides the ones that sound like rewrites of Iggy Pop and Leonard Cohen rewrites, Cave and crew arent above recycling their own work--'More News From Nowhere' is just a riff on 'Deanna.'"
Mojo,60,"For all its foreboding themes, Dig, Lazarus Dig!!! is melodically accessible and a very neutrally pop album. [Spriung 2008, p.74]"

Spin,91,"Finer minds than mine may find these pieces worthy of continuous attention. I say they're background music, there waiting when your mind drifts speakerward, just distracting enough to change up your mood in a useful way."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"He shows here that he is much more than the swagger and smut of some of his previous releases. He has made it clear to the world that he has real vision and dexterity."
Paste Magazine,80,"Ghosts I-IV is a clear step forward while still managing to stay true to what NIN traditionally ought to sound like and represent."
Q Magazine,80,"A stunning collection of 36 instrumental tracks that is one of the most varied and ambitious releases of Reznor's career. [May 2008, p.104]"
Boston Globe,80,"Without Reznor's shouting, they're more hypnotic, even, at times, soothing. [June 2008, p.98]"
Village Voice,70,"Reznor's own hyperdetailed language defines the set: heaving synthesizers, doleful piano, alien-insect noises."
Hartford Courant,60,"At 36 tracks, Ghosts is as impressively ambitious as it is uneven and stunted."
Rolling Stone,60,"This album is surely a success, its just there is a lot of things that a great album like 'My Life in the Bush of The Ghosts' (which Ghosts sincerely seems indebted to) have that are missing here."
The Wire,60,"It's basically a minimalist record that coasts on one's predilection for NINoise."
Magnet,50,"Even if every one of these tracks stands as a formal experiment unto itself, after an hour or two these half-formed ideas begin to bleed indistinctly into each other, evolving into puddles of vaguely ominous aural mush."
cokemachineglow,50,"It's meant to be taken as surface, perhaps skimmed for samples, but generally to be used as mildly unsettling mood music--a specialty of Reznor's, to be sure, but he's better and scarier when his ideas are more finely honed than they are here."
NOW Magazine,50,"The album could easily have come from Boards of Canada or any number of downcast groups--if it were shorter. [May 2008, p.78]"

Under The Radar,90,"To be sure, In Ghost Colours is a triumph of craftsmanship rather than vision--a synthesis and refinement of existing sounds rather than anything dramatically new and original--but it is an unalloyed triumph nonetheless, and one of the finest albums of its kind."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),90,"From start to finish this is an unexpected adventure through the crossover, leaving the door of the VIP bunker open for us all to sneak in."
PopMatters,90,"With In Ghost Colours, Cut Copy have created a record that is both en vogue and timeless, familiar yet fresh, full of glossy optimism, and unforgettably gorgeous from start to finish."
Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"Regardless of what kind of audience it ultimately finds, though, In Ghost Colours earns its smiles with a combination of ingenuity and easiness that you don't often come by, and for that, even in April, it already feels like a triumph."
Spin,84,"The group's music is ghostly and ethereal, creating a sonic wall that is set against some of the lovelist, shimmering retro-electro-disco you've ever heard. [Spring 2008, p.102]"
Uncut,80,"In Ghost Colours finds the band brimming with confidence, delivering their catchy choruses and synthesizer hooks with a conviction that's difficult to resist, staying true throughout to a groove that fits in with early house music."
Rolling Stone,80,"In Ghost Colours achieves its success by striking the right balance between its competing genres--rock and electronic--without sacrificing either."
NOW Magazine,80,"Their material takes that blog-house aesthetic and turns it into pieces of well-constructed pop."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Ghost Colours sounds like Depeche Mode on Lorazepam--dramatic, well enunciated and full of arpeggiated synthy goodness."
Village Voice,80,"If you're looking for a little warm blood pumping through the veins of your dance music, as opposed to the droning and repetitive beat sketches plaguing a lot of the genre, this is just about ideal. [May 2008, p.146]"
Pitchfork,74,"The way In Ghost Colours exploits my affection for synth pop and empty, detached vocals, I should be knocking down Dan Whitfords door trying to get a strand of hair, but the album unfortunately loses its resonance on subsequent listens, its sheen lessening to a duller shade with each closer inspection."
AllMusic,70,"With songs this hooky, it's impossible not to enjoy Cut Copy's lush new-wave revival. [June 2008, p.106]"
Blender,70,"Although In Ghost Colours is certainly a step up in terms of how cohesive it sounds, it loses some of the spontaneity in the process."
AllMusic,67,"For every pump-your-fist gem like 'Hearts of Fire,' there's a lifeless cut like the clanky 'Silver Thoughts.' [25 Apr/2 May 2008, p.117]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"At 15 tracks, it outstays its welcome, but in small does this is deliciously addictive. [June 2008, p.86]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"It was a smart move [to enlist Tim,] Goldsworthy's attention to detail forcing the band up a gear. [July 2008, p.101]"
Pitchfork,50,"Cut Copy have made a record with an overabundance of ideas and energy and not enough focus."

Filter,91,"Heavyweight champeen or not, Stipe's got his fighting spirit back, and so does his band."
musicOMH.com,90,"With the rocking tunes, energetic vocals and those smart lyrics, Accelerate is a true return to form for a band that really needed it."
Paste Magazine,90,"Accelerate will be rightfully championed as the defibrillator that shocked a once-great band back to its senses."
PopMatters,83,"With Accelerate, Michael Stipe, Peter Buck, and Mike Mills sound like a band again, albeit now one not afraid to look back a little."
Urb,80,"Accelerate is by some considerable distance REMs best and most cohesive album since Berry left, and crucially echoes a time when they made their best music, if not necessarily their biggest-selling."
Alternative Press,80,"Accelerate may not stun on impact like some R.E.M. records, but it's still habit-forming."
cokemachineglow,80,"Now we have Accelerate; the actualisation of a new found urgency. Gratifyingly short at under 35 minutes, its a summation of much that is or was great about R.EM.: wordy proclamations by Stipe, ringing Rickenbacker trills by Buck and lush backing vocals by Mills."
Spin,80,"On Accelerate R.E.M. sound like men less than half their age, ripping through 11 songs in a mere 35 minutes that contains great chunks of just about everything that made them the biggest band in world back in the 1990s."
Almost Cool,80,"When in doubt, crank the amps. This is the philosophy behind R.E.M.s new album, Accelerate, their best, and certainly their loudest, in years."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Accelerate hits the ground running, slows down briefly, and ends as furiously as it began. Mapped out that way, its most striking moments end up being the bookends of the first and last two songs, particularly since the album is so short, but even the weakest moments in the middle detract little from the whole."
Uncut,80,"It's mostly fast and unfussy, convincing and committed."
Q Magazine,80,"Accelerate serves notice that R.E.M. intends to stay that way."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its simply R.E.M. finally making a concerted effort to sound like themselves, and realizing thats not such a horrible idea."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Redeemed, revived, irresisitable: it seems R.E.M. were only sleeping after all. [Apr 2008, p.99]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It is the sound of a classic band moving forward, and it is a step in the right direction. [Sping 2008, p.80]"
Spin,80,"Accelerate puts the 2007 Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame group once again firmly behind the wheel of alternative rock, a genre R.E.M. helped invent."
The A.V. Club,80,"It really does seem that a decade-long period of interbal artistic crisis has been resolved, beautifully, even triumphantly. [Apr 2008, p.98]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Accelerate is the first studio album by that post-Berry stage band, and it is one of the best records R.E.M. have ever made."
Billboard,80,"Accelerate isn't quite as irresistible as some people might have you believe, but you can't help feeling glad they stuck around to make it."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As comebacks go, that's relatively modest, but the very modesty of Accelerate is what makes it such a successful rebirth as R.E.M. no longer denies what they were or what they are, and, in doing so, they offer a glimpse of what they could be once again."
musicOMH.com,70,"Theres good rock n roll here, and its vital and raw enough to be memorable. But theres something calculated too, something demographically researched and meticulously executed in these songs."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"If it isn't able to recapture the post-punk energy of 'Reckoning,' the political fury of 'Life's Rich Pageant,' or the epic scope of 'Automatic for the People,' the album, at the very least, finds the band playing to its strengths rather than attempting to explore an increasingly thin artistic mythology. That alone justifies Accelerate's positive buzz, even if the album doesn't quite support the magnitude of it."
PopMatters,70,"Accelerates songs are generally well-constructed, almost to the point of being formulaic- eleven alternative pop songs with no excess fat around the edges."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Their 14th studio album is a fierce nostalgiafest full of cascading jangle, candied power chords, lonesome harmonies, Southern-gothic protest poetry and roundhouse drum bash."
Hartford Courant,70,"'Sing for the Submarine's' winking nods to old song titles ('electron blue,' 'gravity's pull,' 'high-speed train') are painfully self-aware. It's a sharp contrast to the rest of Accelerate, on which R.E.M. stop overthinking things--and start roaring toward the future."
cokemachineglow,70,"'Accelerate' pushes along with urgency but a lack of bite - like background music to a bar scene in an indie thriller. 'Horse To Water', however, has the machine-gun fast delivery of 'It's The End Of The World' and a cart-wheeling chorus redolent of old times."
Q Magazine,70,"this is a rock album, R.E.M are back being literate and smart, Stipe is barking out lyrics like its 1987 in fact, beef up some songs off 'Document' and you could mix the two albums up."
Under The Radar,67,"Accelerate's broad strokes, big riffs, and beefy production (the album was reportedly recorded in 'just' nine weeks) are admirable, as is the disc's concision, but its success is still more as a step forward than a slam dunk."
Amazon.com,67,"As 34 minutes advance, songs get longer and less interesting ('Sing for the Submarine'), but 'Horse to Water' stomps, and 'I'm Gonna DJ' ('at the end of the world') doesn't decelerate."
Mojo,60,"Accelerate is patchy at best, with only the blaring finale, Im Gonna DJ, really catching the attention."
Rolling Stone,60,"R.E.M. do sound like a band again, but they dont sound like a band very much apart from their peers."
The Guardian,60,"Accelerate is a simple, pragmatic record built on an uncomfortable truth: sometimes, even the best bands have to retrace their steps, if only to remind themselves what they're really good at."
AllMusic,40,"There are a few jangly throwbacks for nostalgias sake interspersed throughout Accelerate, but theyre overshadowed by blustery guitar blather that shouts anachronism at every turn."

Paste Magazine,83,"An admirably ambitious musical bonanza. [28 Mar 2008, p.64]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Pretty.Odd lives up to its title because it dares to be optimistically beautiful at a time when sadness and ugliness might have won them easier credibility. [Apr 2008, p.92]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"15 tracks of welcomed live drum sounds, symphonies and stacked harmonies."
Blender,80,"This is a deliriously jumbled, left-field delight."
Village Voice,80,"It may not be an album to die for, but it is a rare album of note, as much for its context as its content."
Dot Music,80,"Pretty.Odd. often tries way too hard to be obtuse, it's true, but you have to admire the band's willingness to grow. [May 2008, p.106"
No Ripcord,70,"Even when it's over the top, which is basically always, Pretty. Odd. sounds cheerful, with a broad sense of humor that does honor to the noble legacy of ELO mastermind Jeff Lynne."
Pitchfork,70,"Pretty.Odd can be summed up in one word: ambitious. [Apr 2008, p.147]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Panic's cherry-picking yields several good songs, and a few brush up against greatness. [Apr 2008, p.76]"
Hot Press,70,"There may be a deep coat of irony smeared about here, but in the end, Pretty. Odd. is exactly what it says it is."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Pretty. Odd. is a victory for artistic ambition over cynical careerism, and we should all rejoice in their decision to follow their instincts as opposed to their instructions and actually do something different."
Uncut,70,"This is a remarkably solid album that stands as one of the best album made by a pop-punk band this decade, although this music can hardly be considered 'pop-punk' anymore."
NOW Magazine,70,"What Ross didn't say was Pretty borrows liberally from the things that made [the Beatles and the Who] superficially interesting--the practiced eccentricity, the constant innovation--without paying tribute to the cultural and political sensibilities that made them great."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The fact remains, even if this batch of songs is a little clumsy and without nuance at times, most are memorable and enjoyable."
Spin,67,"But the album's majority--all baroque orchestration (the horn- and string-rich 'The Piano Knows Something I Don't Know') and multilayered, Sgt. Pepper-esque psychedelia (the lovely 'She's A Handsome Woman')--demands far more than a casual listen. The question is, are the masses who initially embraced Panic At The Disco committed enough to give it one?"
Billboard,60,"For all its craftsmanship, Pretty. Odd. comes across as mannered and overbearing, more studied than exuberant, the magnum opus of a talented band charging wholeheartedly down a blind alley."
AllMusic,60,"Every song on Pretty. Odd. is played and sung with the exuberant delivery of Rent on Broadway. But when the hooks are this good, that's not necessarily a bad thing."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For the most part, this album would sound completely at home on classic rock radio."
Uncut,60,"Ultimately, you're left wishing that Panic at the Disco had more to say about their own generation, instead of mimicking that of their parents'. [May 2008, p.134]"
Rolling Stone,40,"More often than not (and this is the kicker, ladies and gentlemen), Pretty. Odd. is just pretty dull."
Alternative Press,40,"Sgt Emos Lonely Hearts Club Band delivers a less than thrilling album."
Blender,40,"Frontman Brendan Urie has a knack for jaunty pop but Pretty Odd is too clinical and calculated for one so young. [May 2008, p.102]"

Village Voice,90,"Saturday Nights and Sunday Mornings is a rock record in the grandest and most polished sense of the word: it wears its lineage proudly, and imparts emotions directly and brazenly honestly no matter how pretty or shiny the picture is."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The band stretches out in some new directions on the trance-y 'Washington Square' and incorporates psychedelic overtones into 'Insignificant' and 'Le Ballet d'Or.' 'You Can't Count on Me' sounds like the flip side of a Bruce Springsteen love song, and such tracks as '1492,' 'Cowboys' and 'Come Around' rock with sweeping dynamic energy."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Adam Duritz and company havent sounded so committed, so determined, so tuneful, in years."
Boston Globe,67,"The disc's first half, produced by Pixies vet Gil Norton, is surprisngly fast and scrappy. But the pace slackens in the mellower remainder, produced by Brian Deck. [28 Mar 2008, p.65]"
PopMatters,60,"On the harder-rocking half, Duritz is nearly emo-esque in his self-loathing.... The disk's Sunday Morning half, is more acoustic, quieter, reflective. But after the epic bender that precedes it, it's also just kind of a drag. [Apr 2008, p.78]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The hair-shirt single 'You Can't Count on Me' and the cheerily grim 'Hanging Tree' are little masterpieces of pop craft, their arrangements and Duritz's invitingly petulant wail often echoing golden-era R.E.M. Sometimes that craft is enough: The latter song is so packed with guitar fireworks that its buzz-killing lines about freezing to death barely register."
The New York Times,60,"There are moments--notably 'You Can't Count On me'--but the band behind him are wringing diminishing returns from their polished country-rock. [May 2008, p.92]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Its an album of extremes, often capturing the far fringes of the bands sound, with little in between to act as a buffer."
NOW Magazine,40,"Considered as a whole, or even as two self-serving parts, Saturday Nights And Sunday Mornings is so generic and unenlightening that you will probably not remember hearing it within an hour or so."
Q Magazine,40,"Listened to--as the band recommend--in one sitting, it is trudging and effortful."
Sputnikmusic,40,"The electric guitar interludes sound obligatory, particularly when paired with lyrics that don't approach immediate or visceral"
Hot Press,40,"It's only fair to consider Saturday Nights, Sunday Mornings in the context of the rest of the Crows catalog, and with that in mind--to borrow a phrase from Duritz--this one might fade into the grey."

Mojo,80,"What elevates Good Life over, to pick the obvious parallels, Hank Williams III's Risin' Outlow and Shooter Jennings's Put the 'O' Back in Country is that Earle's debut isn't limited to simple retro-minded mimicry."
AllMusic,70,"The simple arrangements and hands-off production add to the gentle but decisive impact of The Good Life, and the result is a fine calling card for a young singer/songwriter who may not have worked out every last detail of his sound but clearly knows where he's going, and it happens to be a place worth visiting."
Billboard,70,"On his first full length record, The Good Life, Justin Townes Earle delivers the best debut roots music has seen since Old Crow Medicine Show hit the big time with 'OCMS' in 2004."
Hartford Courant,70,"The stylized, old-time country of 'Hard Livin,' 'Aint Glad Im Leavin,' 'What Do You Do When Youre Lonesome' or 'Lonesome and You'--yes theres a theme there--frees him to find glimmers of humor amid the plaints."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"With its timelessness and craftmanship, The Good Life succeeds where The Wallflowers failed. [Spring 2008, p.85]"
Blender,67,"Though his father, Steve Earle, once vowed to climb on Dylan's coffee table to champion the late Townes Van Zandt, the next generation two-steps through such a musical minefield and turns out a winner with his Bloodshot Records debut, The Good Life."
Rolling Stone,60,"It's a modest sampler, with a feel more akin to 1961 than 2008. [May 2008, p.98]"
Uncut,60,"It's not a bad album, just not that distinctive. [May 2008, p.111]"
PopMatters,40,"The 25-year-old Earle may have the false front teeth to show for his hard livin, but he hasnt yet figured out how to translate it into unique, memorable songs."

musicOMH.com,80,"Beat Pyramid begins and ends in the middle of the same sentence, literally and figuratively, but it doesn't come across as contrived or insincere, thanks mostly to Barnett, who conveys his words in a manner that is simultaneously solemn and half-winking, as if he knows they could be totally wrong, but he's going to say them like they're all he's got left, anyway."
The Guardian,80,"These New Puritans play it smart, but in service of an earnest query rather than their own smartness."
Slant Magazine,80,"Beat Pyramid is an idiosyncratic, swaggering, and intellectual album, but more importantly for the listener, a damn exciting and original one too."
Paste Magazine,80,"Hypnotic repetition, mysterious soundscapes and recurring lyrical codes render this debut utterly engrossing and totally essential."
Slant Magazine,80,"Cut adrift with its own bewildering reference points, peppered with glimpses of cryptic brilliance and slabs of deceptive nonsense, Beat Pyramid is a flawed patchwork masterpiece."
AllMusic,80,"Beat Pyramid crosses genres, sticks pins in everything it sees and manages to reference hip-hop, punk, new-wave, dubstep and everything in between. For that alone, These New Puritans should be applauded."
PopMatters,80,"Anyone bored by the kitchen sink will find much to love here. [Feb 2008, p.97]"
The New York Times,80,"Balancing staccato rhythms and itchy guitars with a neat line in woozy, trance-like synthesisers, they have an oblique lyrical bent that's all their own. [Feb 2008, p.80]"
Under The Radar,75,"Beat Pyramid proves to be an affirming and promising first step."
Austin Chronicle,70,"These New Puritans prove the model perfected by New Order ain't dying anytime soon. {Apr 2008, p.106]"
Uncut,70,"Theres still plenty of bits on Beat Pyramid youll find exhilarating. But the rest of the time, youll find yourself wishing These New Puritans would ascend above its well-established reference points."
Mojo,70,"There's a statement being made here, but its aim is anybody's guess. [Spring 2008, p.85]"
NOW Magazine,70,"While the die-hard These New Puritan fan might be annoyed that six of these tracks have been released before, there's enough to make it abundantly clear here is a band with a brilliant sense of invention."
AllMusic,70,"Most of their songs gallop by in a minute or two, erupting with new beats the moment they start to itch. [Apr 2008, p.83]"
Dusted Magazine,67,"As a tribute, the album is nearly impeccable. As an original piece of artistry? Not so much. [14 Mar 2008, p.77]"
PopMatters,60,"New Puritans sound best when living up to that Fall-derived name. [Feb 2008, p.113]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It's all forbiddingly stern--an album that impresses more than it seduces--but fizzing with possibility."
Drowned In Sound,58,"They are a talented, enthusiastic and timely band; I feared that its ageist of me to suggest that their debut album isnt great because theyre too young."
musicOMH.com,58,"The motions are there, but Beat Pyramid lacks real true depth."

Q Magazine,91,"As vision, still somewhere between narrow and ignant. Yet not a boho archetype for nothing."
Uncut,90,"An album one suspects will age extremely well. [Mar/Apr 2008, p.106]"
Pitchfork,90,"Midnight Boom is the Kills' most consistent, varied, and inventive album yet, and proof that passion and creativity trump cool any day."
Spin,90,"Everything about Midnight Boom is impeccably executed."
Prefix Magazine,89,"Intense doesn't begin to describe Midnight Boom, but loop the Russian roulette sequence from 'The Deer Hunter,' splice in some grainy security-cam voyeur-porn, pop it in the Videodrome VCR, and you'll at least get the picture."
Under The Radar,83,"While thw band's deliberate nihilism can come off as a little overdone, Boom's nicotine sting--and the pair's push-me-pull-you chemistry--is still ridiculously sexy. [21 Mar 2008, p.59]"
Dot Music,80,"The results--notably 'Cheap And Cheerful,' which suggests that Britney Spears' 'Toxic' made quite an impact on them and the chaotic 'Alphabet Pony'--are a revelation."
Blender,80,"It's a record that certainly stands up to comparison with their previous outings - sometimes bettering them--and, if you've been seduced by their charms in the past, be prepared to fall in lust all over again."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Kills most remarkable record to date."
Mojo,80,"Most of the dozen songs on Midnight Boom are driven more by looped beats. As a result, the melodies on such tracks as 'Getting Down,' 'Cheap and Cheerful' and the hand-clapping 'Sour Cherry' are framed with spare urgency, while 'U.R.A. Fever' and 'Alphabet Pony' boast an urban, nearly hip-hop ambience."
The Guardian,80,"Not only have The Kills delivered a rock'n'roll album of note, it's one that achieves the rare trick of weaving timelines and timelessness with indecent ease."
cokemachineglow,80,"Thanks, in no small part to Spank Rock producer Armani XXXchange, Midnight Boom also possesses of this air of modernity and experimentation which is never less than startling."
Almost Cool,80,"The Kills sound and feel like no other band--nocturnal, wayout, untouchable. [Apr 2008, p.100]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"If there's one thing that defines Midnight Boom, it's the new sense of fun that The Kills seem to have discovered."
Urb,80,"In less talented hands, the dozen songs on this record easily could have sounded like a failed, high-concept art thesis, and to be perfectly objective, not every track really kills."
AllMusic,75,"Its the instant gratification--the sheer consistency of fun--that makes Midnight Boom so irresistible to begin with. It is what it is, basically."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Its immediately catchy, and as the rhyme above shows, theyre looser than ever, too."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Florida-bred singer Alison Mosshart and British guitarist Jamie Hince built new tracks around the same sing-song rhythms. Their dark, sexy electro-rock sounds sharper and more memorable as a result."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The duo's relentless cool never quite tips over into White Stripes-style heat, giving Midnight Boom the unapproachable, icy allure of a runway model. [Mar 2008, p.104]"
Uncut,70,"Even listeners previously resistant to The Kills' studied cool may have to concede that Midnight Boom is a record of considerable energy and excitement."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Midnight Boom' opens with its excellent first two singles, 'U.R.A. Fever' and the danceable 'Cheap And Cheerful,' and from there things get pretty sleepy until the cheerfully blown-out 'M.E.X.I.C.O.,' a 97-second anthem so catchy that you'll get a callous on your thumb from skipping back to it."
PopMatters,70,"More glamorous but less versatile, the Kills are the easier listen, particularly if their superficiality is taken to be deliberate."
Billboard,68,"It's a great trick of rearranging that pulls back the curtain dramatically, but nearly every other song on Midnight Boom seems to be waiting for this kind of moment, losing it to a pile on the cutting-room floor."
Dot Music,63,"PJ Harvey fans disappointed by last year's meditative 'White Chalk' should find Midnight Boom a sick little delight."
musicOMH.com,60,"The world's second-best co-ed lo-fi blues-rock duo are as sunny and merry as they've ever going to be, and that's not very sunny or merry. [Apr 2008, p.79]"
Mojo,60,"It sounds grimy enough to suit the lowdown vibe theyre after, but the songwriting is a letdown."
Sputnikmusic,60,"This is a fine follow-up to 2005's 'No Wow.' [Apr 2008, p.108]"
Paste Magazine,50,"If The Kills didn't try so hard to be sultry, they might have a similar breakthrough. They're more appealing when you've got no idea what's on their mind."
cokemachineglow,50,"If you're a pre-existing fan, you'll have to scratch at the veneer quite a bit to find any trace of their former grit. [Spring 2008, p.83]"
The A.V. Club,40,"The trouble is the album peaks early. Once they're past the unwholesome love song 'URA Fever' and the twangy 'Last Day of Magic,' the band lose momentum."
Rolling Stone,30,"These arent very good songs, and the bands agenda--sounding bored and chic, simultaneous distancing and beckoning, creating revulsion and desire--seems to tilt, in the end, more toward fashion than music."

Spin,80,"Few other modern musicians are as adept at taking such a tried and tested genre and making it utterly their own."
Hot Press,80,"Sixes & Sevens is another flawlessly inspired slice of unique pop from America's most underappreciated sonic magician. [Spring 2008, p.83]"
Hartford Courant,74,"Listeners looking for lyrical meaning will still be disappointed, searching in vain for hidden significance in these nonsensical love song lines. A word of advice: It's best to just accept his words as conduits for his dreamy voice, and give in to his charming tunes."
Village Voice,70,"Sixes & Sevens might be a drawn-out mess, but break it down to its constituent parts and you suddenly have rich pickings for the perfect mix-tape."
Pitchfork,70,"Although these songs do run a bit short, Sixes and Sevens features 20 delectable pop songs, each unique in its own way."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Through it all, Greens show tune-y vocals are at center stage, and though the compositions are often too busy and can detract from his rolling lyrical intricacies, Sixes and Sevens is a very good record, if still a step short of great."
Blender,70,"In his relaxed baritone Mr. Green sings thoroughly incongruous lyrics: easy gross-outs, free associations and darker tidings."
NOW Magazine,60,"Sixes & Sevens is a disjointed conglomeration of different ramblings that can't quite coalesce around any sort of idea."
Q Magazine,60,"Green's songs are memorable and his subtle orchestrations effective, while his lovely, burnished, Dean Martin-ish baritone voice glues it all together. [Apr 2008, p.90]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Nothing on Sixes & Sevens quite lives up to the giddy brillance of the 'Juno' soundtrack, but the music will still inspire you to draw hearts around your crush's name in your fifth-period notebook. [May 2008, p.134]"
Under The Radar,60,"Sixes & Sevens feels more like movie-hopping at an art-house multiplex, an exercise in genre formats and stolen identities."
The Guardian,58,"He hits a campy sweet spot from time to time, but at a seemingly endless 20-track length, this is one tiresome gag. [21 Mar 2008, p.57]"
The New York Times,50,"If not entirely out of gas, Green certainly seems to be having trouble shifting gear."
musicOMH.com,50,"The erstwhile Moldy Peaches wears out his welcome at 20 tracks, each one unrelated to the last and haphazardly abandoned around the one-and-a-half minute mark. [Apr 2008, p.98]"
Under The Radar,40,"Green writes with a compulsive frequency, like an office joker cracking funnies. And after 20 of his songs, the appeal wanes in not dissimilar fashion. [Apr 2008, p.114]"
Pitchfork,40,"It's always catchy, but all 20 tracks are so short everything feels throwaway, and the free-association lyrics go from amusing to aggravating in an instant. [Apr 2008, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,20,"His bored delivery and ridiculous lyrics about peanut butter sandwiches and rich kids make his two-minute tunes on this 20-song binge stretch out painfully into what feels like forever."

PopMatters,80,"Lanois' sixth studio album is an eclectic mix of richly textured rock songs, mellow vibes and hypnotic instrumentals, interspersed with snippets from philosophical conversations with mentor Brian Eno."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The album is chock full of solid songs."
The New York Times,80,"Throughout Here is What is, Lanois fifth, and best, record, we hear reverberations of the past, and meditations on the future."
AllMusic,80,"Lanois' impeccable production outshines his songwriting, but it's truly beautiful what this man can build. [Winter 2008, p.100]"
Uncut,80,"It's top quality stuff. [May 2008, p.106]"
Alternative Press,80,"Uber-producer makes sublime soundtrack to documentary film."
Prefix Magazine,60,"This collection, like all of his work, conjures a world unto itself, drawing from seemingly random sources to weave a work of mystic, spiritual power. [May 2008, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's an undeniably chin-stroking effort, songs revolving with quiet, Dire Straits-ian grace around a pedal-steel guitar, while a variety of vocalists take his musical atmospherics and run with them. [May 2008, p.135]"
Hot Press,50,"If you still hold Lanois' earlier recordings to a high ideal, this may indeed frustrate you because it offers considerably more evidence that Lanois has lost his way as a musician."

Spin,80,"There's nothing complicated on this album, but then when did things ever need to be complicated?"
Mojo,80,"As the group replaces departing guitarist (and founding member) Dave Dederer with Andrew McKeag, while they bring Seattle underground mainstay Kurt Bloch in as producer, all elements that help make These Are the Good Times People perhaps their most eclectic album to date."
Q Magazine,70,"While not as immediately memorable as 'Lump' or 'Peaches,' punchy songs like album opener 'Mixed Up S.O.B.,' 'More Bad Times' and the breezy 'Loose Balloon' come across as less novelty-like as a result of songcraft."
NOW Magazine,60,"There's nothing essential here, but there's nothing to dislike either. [Apr 2008, p.115]"
Billboard,60,"Spiky-sounding pop dominates with abrupt or obtuse song titles the rule not the exception. [Apr 2008, p.110]"
NOW Magazine,50,"The Presidents found on These Are the Good Times People are officially lame ducks, serving out their term while rock music elects a new Chief Executive."
PopMatters,30,"These Are The Good Times People is a mere shadow of its 90s counterpart that struggles to retain any of the Presidents early charm."
Filter,20,"This is surely the desperate death-thore of a rank '90s relic. [Apr 2008, p.99]"

Mojo,91,"Go Away White is more than a swansong. It's a minor masterpiece that proves Bauhaus has been nicely preserved."
Hot Press,90,"The proceedings sound loose, yet focused but never disappointing. [Apr 2008, p.160]"
Uncut,80,"It picks up right where Bauhaus left off: a wet dream for original fans and a blast of recognition for the newly eye-lined."
Q Magazine,80,"It's so extravagant, trecherous and cocksure that it could almost make Interpol sound like a pleasant chamber quartet. [Mar 2008, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"Go Away White sounds like the four were trying one last time to reclaim the idea of Bauhaus as band and ethos from all the many limiting clichs heaped on it, something which the album title, taken from the song 'Black Stone Heart,' slyly hints at."
musicOMH.com,75,"Bauhaus can hold their head high, mission accomplished; but with no victory-lap tour, no more studio albums, and several awesome new tunes pointing at an un-actualized future, it all feels rather anti-climatic and lacking closure."
AllMusic,70,"A tastefully matured Bauhaus produce enough fractured guitar and howling melodrama to wake the undead."
Billboard,70,"The end result is an album thats one half decent (even if it is a bit indebted to Ash, Haskins, and Haskins post-Bauhaus career) and one half incredible."
Q Magazine,60,"Like true vampires, Bauhaus still manage to pull off being melodramatic and wickedly energetic even in old age. R.I.P. again."
Mojo,60,"Their comeback kicks off in ebullient fashion, with little of the inconsistency that once overshadowed their importance."
PopMatters,60,"It sounds alive and kicking almost to its own detriment. [Mar 2008, p.83]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Go Away White is an unevenly inspired valediction."
Uncut,60,"While the new material will hardly tarnish the band's legacy, it won't add much, either."
The A.V. Club,60,"Those aforementioned past tense references are telling, because thats exactly where Go Away White sounds as if it belongs: in the past."
Alternative Press,60,"It's disappointing that this epilogue couldn't have been crafted with more care. [Spring 2008, p.82]"
Billboard,60,"Preposterous, but this time knowingly so. [May 2008, p.114]"
Filter,58,"White doesn't quite make good on that potential, the guitar fuzz is too restrained, while Peter Murphy's vocals evoke David Bowie doing funny grandpa voices. [7 Mar 2008, p.93]"
AllMusic,40,"Sadly, this is a posthumous offering that sounds half-finished and, considering they must have known this would be their final statement, like a missed opportunity."
Pitchfork,40,"Frontman Pete Murphy overdoes the drama, leaving little space for the songs to breathe, while his colleagues fail to access the mystique that at their peak, in the early Eighties, served to distinguish them from goth's also-rans."
Spin,40,"A quarter of a century on, that still holds, right down to the same old ponderous rhythms, Daniel Ash's screaming guitar fuzz and Peter Murphy's ridiculously portentous vocals. [Apr 2008, p.102]"

PopMatters,91,"The seasoned professional executes discipline on a record that seems entirely natural--layered to the top, but never giving in to excess. [Winter 2008, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,90,"It's an album meant to be discovered and lived with, revealing its jokes and its beauty over time."
The Guardian,90,"All he [Malkmus] wants to do is surrender to the lightheaded rush of the music, and the results are downright glorious."
Uncut,85,"How does it compare to his previous three records--or eight, if you count his former band? Suffice it to say that's a rhetorical question. If Joe DiMaggio made albums... well you get the point."
musicOMH.com,83,"Real Emotional Trash features lots of long songs with prog parts ripe for '70s Camaro rides, but Malkmus' apparent glee in playing them helps keep excess at bay."
Hartford Courant,83,"Even as he skewers fakery with surprising directness, the husband and father remains largely at a feline remove himself. [14 Mar 2008, p.75]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The joy of listening to Malkmus's songs has always been the involvement the listener takes in separating the 'truth' from the 'spoof' (much like with other oddball geniuses like Robyn Hitchcock or Tom Waits). There's plenty of both here, but more importantly, there's enough interplay between the two to keep things interesting and delightful."
Under The Radar,80,"The album is both a generous, transparent body pleasure and a flinty, oblique mind pleasure."
Mojo,80,"Its a very rare, wondrous thing: prog-rock for firesides and fuzzy-slipper Sundays."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Real Emotional Trash, with its long, winding guitar solos, extended jams, and emphasis on shifting psychedelic guitar textures, is as retro an album as Malkmus has ever recorded."
NOW Magazine,80,"With Malkmus, a spade is never a spade, and his usual counterinclinations set Trash aquake with tension: pop that's coy but direct but rambling but surreal."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Real Emotional Trash isn't 'Slanted and Enchanted' or 'Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain,' but hey, you can't have a perfect sound forever. Besides, there are more than enough old-school indie touches here to flash you back to the halcyon daze of '94, or give you an idea what your older sis had on her headphones."
Q Magazine,80,"Some connect better than others, and the album feels a little front-loaded, but it's still a treat to hear Malkmus get in touch with his inner guitar hero."
Filter,80,"Real Emotional Trash is a simultaneously funny and interesting record, shaped with just the right kind of meticulous care to strengthen its band-jam aesthetics."
AllMusic,80,"It is, in short, a hippy record, and a very good one."
Rolling Stone,80,"Real Emotional Trash conjures a virtuoso meld of folk rock, prog and cosmic blues tropes, all filtered through the ex-pavement frontman's tradmark arch surrealism. [Apr 2008, p. 101]"
Lost At Sea,80,"On Real Emotional Trash, Malkmus and the Jicks' most recent offering, they manage to bring both tendencies (to indulge in classic rock and play loose) together into a coherent whole without getting too polished or boring. [Spring 2008, p.83]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Trash's capriciousness and experimental willingness are what gave Malkmus an audience in the first place--and what promise to keep it coming back for more."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Polished production and an ironing out of the musics creases creates a less-relaxed feel than were used to hearing, but theres also a sense of warmth which was largely missing from the previous Jicks-aided album, 'Pig Lib.'"
Slant Magazine,75,"For the most part, the album succeeds insofar as it either builds upon Malkmus's perennial themes or allows itself to indulge in experimentation."
The New York Times,73,"The Jicks do an incredible job of coming into their own as a band, channeling Malkmuss sarcasm and foolery in a less controlled setting brilliantly; they just cant, because of the immediacy of the album, tease out the full quirkyness."
Blender,70,"Even when the album gets really flaccid, as in the clattering breakdown of the turgid story-song 'Hopscotch Willie,' Malkmus is still annoyingly good at writing stuck-in-your-dome-piece melodies that keep you humming the tunes you dont like just as much as the highlights"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"With the Jicks now sharing the spotlight, sees Malkmus's familiar tangled lyricism and meandering tendencies offset by some tremendous group performances. [Mar 2008, p.57]"
Village Voice,70,"Janet Weiss adds welcome flavor on drums and vocals, but overall, how much you enjoy rummaging through this Trash will probably depend on the amount of patience you have for the Malkmus' indulgences."
Boston Globe,68,"Real Emotional Trash is determinedly unified, even if it isn't always clear to what ends. At its best, the record hints at opening a whole new musical world for Malkmus--one in which his well-worn style is effectively played down in the service of a mighty rock'n'roll band."
Hartford Courant,60,"Trash has its moments. [Mar 2008, p.106]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"If Real Emotional Trash falls short of 'Pig Lib,' its because were spending too much time in the tunnel, and not enough in the funnel to the tune."
Uncut,60,"There is so much going on - veiled lyrics, abrupt key changes - that it would take months of patient unravelling for the 10 tracks to fully reveal themselves."
Mojo,60,"Real is a beefy record that plods and dances precariously close to the jam band divider."
Under The Radar,60,"There is just too much hit and miss on this album."
Amazon.com,60,"Here Malkmus dispenses with the electronic curiosities that blighted his 2005 solo album Face the Truth and adopts a more polished version of the old indie-rock of soaring guitar solos and oblique lyrics."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Real Emotional Trash feels like a compromise, for Malkmus and for us."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Like Stephin Merritt, his East Coast cognate, Malkmus songwriting chops and eye for upper-middle-class detail are too-available excuses for music that is often unremarkable."
cokemachineglow,60,"Real Emotional Trash fails--beautifully and melodically, yes, but it fails nonetheless."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"With Real Emotional Trash, he proves he can retain both, leaving behind the controlled one-man-band environment of 2005s Face the Truth and issuing his most eclectic and unpredictable album yet."
The Wire,40,"His fourth album is another trough, low on songs and over-reliant on meandering guitar jams. [Apr 2008, p.112]"

Billboard,90,"The lofty expectations are met in full with Saturnalia. [Apr 2008, p.160]"
Pitchfork,90,"Saturnalia is easily the best album I have heard this year and will undoubtedly be included in many a year end list."
Spin,90,"Saturnalia revels in sin while occasionally contemplating salvation. Mesmerizing comes to mind."
PopMatters,86,"Dulli and Lanegan, two of today's greatest underappreciated frontmen, are hypnotic; narcotic. [Winter 2008, p.96]"
The Guardian,80,"Saturnalia is mysticism and hedonism, saints and sinners, dark and light, but this is no clear-cut Manichaean collaboration. Both Lanegan and Dulli represent this, both contain all the good and the bad they sing about, sometimes at different moments but very often together, and it's that joined duality, that very disturbingly human quality, telling us things about ourselves we'd rather not acknowledge, that makes the album so absolutely alluring."
NOW Magazine,80,"Saturnalia, is teeming with the kind of raw and gritty music one might expect to hear kicked around in, well, the gutter. And considering the project is a collaboration between Mark Lanegan and Greg Dulli, that's certainly not a bad thing."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Its in those moments [of appealing moment of vulnerability] as well as in the swarming chorus of 'Gods Children' that the duo hit their true heights, and those same qualities are the ones most likely to mark this album as an enduring piece of work from two icons of a class that has long since graduated."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Lanegan began speaking of this collaboration before a note had been recorded, and it plays out perfectly."
No Ripcord,80,"Repeated listens to this wonderful record reveals a wealth of musicality more prominent than perhaps anything either Dulli or Lanegan have been attached to yet."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Its Dulli sounding like Dulli at his best. And Lanegan delivers some of his more devastating vocal performances."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is intense music, with moments of pure bliss."
Paste Magazine,80,"Fans of Dulli and Lanegan should happily devour the Gutter Twins, but even better, newcomers are in for a smooth, memorable introduction to two of the darker characters in rock today."
Q Magazine,80,"The result's a bit grungy, sure--but there's also an undercurrent of dark, sinister country and blues that suggests they're not just rehashing old times."
Alternative Press,80,"With Lanegan at his stentorian best and Dulli in full confessional mode, Saturnalia is a feast, certainly--but one where the dishes are served delightfully raw."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It's a gloom that suits them both. [Apr 2008, p.112]"
No Ripcord,80,"It's the best thing either has done in a decade. [Apr 2008, p.116]"
Filter,79,"Musically the most important aspect of this collaborative effort is that their voices work so nicely with and against each other."
AllMusic,78,"Musically, Saturnalia, named after the Roman festival where slaves and masters switch roles, is a concentrated dose of their usual badassery, never straying too far from the territory Dulli explored on the last three Singers albums, and even includes many of the same collaborators."
Billboard,73,"It's not the sort of release that throws a lot of curveballs, but Saturnalia is nonetheless a solid album from two veteran musicians."
Dusted Magazine,70,"What gives Saturnalia its real kick is the way it emotionally engages."
Paste Magazine,70,"These guys sound like they're genuinely torn between looking up at the stars and trying to find an exit to the sewer. Neat trick, that."
PopMatters,70,"This represents a new territory for both Dulli and Lanegan, and it's one that they (generally) excel in."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"This is a lovingly crafted record which has the same misty fug and aura as The Soulsavers and Lanegan indulged in recently."
The Guardian,70,"Saturnalia isn't breaking any new ground, and in large sections it sounds a lot more 1992 than 2008, but there's enough majesty and confidence behind it to make one hope Dulli and Lanegan will give it at least one more album. [Spring 2008, p.83]"
Hartford Courant,67,"The Twins' mission statement seems to be more about mood than memorable songs."
Village Voice,60,"Not surprisingly, their debut tends toward brooding, bluesy rocka worthy soundtrack for those dark, whiskey-soaked nights of the soul and the regret-filled mornings after."
Uncut,60,"In their desire to avoid repetition, however, theyve indeed strayed somewhere theyve never been before: the middle of the road."
Mojo,40,"They were probably aiming for hypnotic or dreamy, but except for the cinematic bookends 'The Stations' and 'Front Street,' the slow dances mostly crash-land in Snoresville"

Q Magazine,80,"Asking for Flowers leaves no doubt that Kathleen Edwards has arrived and made an album that's funny, startling, poignant, and (once again) worthy of repeated play."
cokemachineglow,80,"Her third album continues her clear-minded, open-hearted lyricism, though with a ripeness that comes from years on the road and years more to reflect."
Pitchfork,80,"Asking for Flowers is filled with literate and provocative lyricism, vivid characters and cinematically engaging scenarios."
Almost Cool,80,"Edwards brings on none of the filler that watered down her earlier albums as she moves steadily from scathing to soothing, from rocking country to Gothic sketches, from strength to strength."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Her third album, collects 11 new songs that document Edwards growth from singer who writes songs to bona fide songwriter who has embraced the art of subtlety."
Spin,80,"Her fourth album comes as a pleasant surprise, arguably tough country at its finest. Her clear, pristine vocals convey longing, heartbreak and the sexiness of the working class with honesty and grace."
Sputnikmusic,80,"On her strongest album yet, she sets a poignant road tale between New York and Ontario ('Buffalo') and pens a fierce, Crazy Horse-ish squall about crack, murder and racism in her own back yard."
Dot Music,80,"Shes managed to improve on her last record, the universally adored 'Back to Me,' thanks to progressively mature songwriting, a stellar backing band, and solid production"
Under The Radar,80,"On this mesmerizing third album, shes mostly outgrown the obvious Lucinda Williams and Neil Young comparisons (the Crazy Horse-channeling Oh Canada aside), using her lustrous folk-rock melodies to dull the sting of her unsentimental tales."
The A.V. Club,80,"The Hamilton, Canada-based songstress has creamed together her best set yet. In Asking For Flowers, Edwards is uncompromising, but sombre."
Blender,79,"On Asking for Flowers, she sounds better than her peers for being so much braver."
Prefix Magazine,78,"Asking For Flowers is the work of a musician freshly settled in to the rhythm of her creative seas, and from here it is the horizon where her true potential shines."
Slant Magazine,70,"Song for song, the album falls short of Back to Me. It could use more of her old feistiness."
AllMusic,70,"That Edwards has written a collection that includes both great individual lines and some spectacular songs makes Asking for Flowers by far her most accomplished work."
Amazon.com,60,"The title song is killer, but built of such familiar musical materials that when it comes around the third time, its plumb tuckered out. The track is one of three standouts that run over five minutes, and all three are too long."
Billboard,60,"Her blowsy voice now seems happier in those quieter settings. [May 2008, p.104]"
Boston Globe,60,"Battered by love yet ever hopeful, and with a fetching drawl to match, her story songs might occupy familar alt-country terrain, but surrounding herself with some top LA session men helps give Asking For Flowers that extra bit of class. [May 2008, p.130]"
Hartford Courant,40,"With her co-producers, they fashion some perfectly weighted, tastefully adorned grroves but her voice, an idiosyncratic mix of Lucinda Williams and Dolores O'Riordan inflections, sometimes jars. [Apr 2008, p.100]"

NOW Magazine,91,"White shares similarly enthralling tales of troubled characters but infuses them with a newfound levity. [14 Mar 2008, p.75]"
Rolling Stone,86,"Despite the array of experiences and genres at White's disposal, the album retains cohesion due mostly to the consistency of White's voice, which is strictly country. [Winter 2008, p.98]"
PopMatters,83,"White is a pro at stretching his craft through arrangements while respecting the long-buried source."
Paste Magazine,80,"While it may not be as striking an artistic statement as its predecessors, the general tone of easygoing bonhomie makes Transnormal Skiperoo a decidedly satisfying release, and the simple fact that it's an album's worth of fine new White material is in itself cause for plenty of contentment."
Drowned In Sound,80,"With accompaniment as varied as vocals from Ollabelle and Brazilian percussion from Mauro Refosco, White still keeps us off balance with rich, unpredictable textures ('Diamonds to Coal') that convey lost-in-the-backwoods disorientation ('Counting Numbers in the Air')."
Pitchfork,80,"Earthy rhythms provide both a welcome backbeat and a sense of history."
Lost At Sea,80,"Lovely. [Nov 2007, p.102]"
The New York Times,75,"Though White's thin, flexible voice is sometimes too wispy to hold the center, his directness keeps you with him as he makes his way toward something safe and solid."
Slant Magazine,70,"Finishing one of his records always leaves you feeling as if an enigmatic wanderers just left town. Transnormal Skiperoo, another quality addition to a too-short list of White releases, is no different."
Blender,70,"Jim White's Joe Perniceproduced fourth record deftly melds Southern-flavored soul with California twang."
Uncut,70,"Ambitious stuff, definately, though occassionally White's limitations sine through. [Winter 2008, p.89]"
Q Magazine,69,"Jim Whites latest collection of songs has a humanity about it that is too multifaceted to categorize in broad terminology or flowery descriptors and is quite possibly beyond adequate summation; overthink or undersell as much as you please."
Mojo,60,"There is much here that is wonderful, but less of the tone set by the self-parodically chirpy 'Turqouise House' would have improved matters. [Nov 2007, p.132]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Transnormal Skiperoo is as quietly joyful as its title. [Nov 2007, p.148]"

Filter,80,"It resonates with emotion, tenderness, and a sense that she has found comfort in life and her songwriting that may have been missing before."
The A.V. Club,80,"Elements of rock, folk, and blues pervade, and producer George Drakoulias (Black Crowes, the Jayhawks) stays out of the way, allowing Merritts voice to embody the songs, all 11 of which flow from start to finish, uninterrupted and primed for full-on stardom."
AllMusic,80,"Lyrically, the album is immeasurably more intimate than Merritts previous work."
Billboard,80,"Merritt isn't one of alt-country's most distinctive vocalists; her singing here is wide open and affectless, occasionally to the point of near-anonymity. But instead of making the tunes on Another Country seem forgettable, that quality actually ends up inviting you into the material"
Village Voice,80,"Merritt dials back her soul-shouter instinct on her third album, a collection that finds her balancing restraint with the vivid emotionalism that has driven her music from the start."
Mojo,80,"With its flawless song structures and instrumentation, the album flows seamlessly."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Here her wonderful voice, smooth and warm with throaty twang and unforced power, has free rein to do what it does best on 11 fine new songs. [May 2008, p.111]"
PopMatters,70,"Another Country, whether in rock or country mode, is an album built on the voice of its artist."
Spin,70,"Another Country is never less than an effortless, inviting listen by an artist who fully deserves to be a major star within her genre."
Under The Radar,70,"The North Carolina native's third album unveils deceptively sharp tales of hearts in distress, implying fierce emotions just under the surface. [Mar 2008, p.106]"
cokemachineglow,67,"There's the occasional splash of lap-steel to appease fans, but not nearly enough for the diehards among them. [29 Feb 2008, p.59]"
Uncut,60,"Despite some straight-ahead country rocking and blue-eyed soul, it's on the title track, a finely crafted meditation on love's bewildering ways, where she really finds her own voice, setting her apart from the pack. [May 2008, p.136]"
Q Magazine,60,"Merritt's pure voice is mostly accompanied by gentle piano on a set of songs that ultimately lack the fire of her earlier work. [June 2008, p.100]"
AllMusic,50,"Another Country just isn't nearly as consistently satisfying as Merritt's earlier offerings."
Amazon.com,40,"More coffeehouse than roadhouse, it recalls the tasteful country-pop of her debut, 'Bramble Rose,' which makes it a step backward in more ways than one."

PopMatters,100,"The music married to these wonderful lyrics is touching, gorgeous and stunning and there is no doubt in my mind that Atlas Sound has created, arguably, the best album of the year."
Billboard,90,"Cold and sweet all at once while perched atop a reef of moody Krautrock, Let the Blind Lead has a progression that melts more than it floats."
Hartford Courant,86,"As with each of Cox's projects, Let the Blind works best as a swirling, disorienting whole, organizing traditionally abstract styles like graphic-design elements within his unifying vision until they communicate like good pop."
NOW Magazine,85,"While the record pleases on most all levels, the flavor of sound at times feels somewhat generic and a bit too lethargic, which keeps the disc from being great."
Mojo,80,"Cox blends rock instruments with organs, harps and his haunting, languid voice, and the result is a gentle, richly textured wall of sound."
Prefix Magazine,80,"His gentle mantric vocals and concise, evocative lyrics drift through layers of treated instrumentation and ambient electronica. [Apr 2008, p.112]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Bradford Cox has created a work that musically and lyrically will attach itself to your consciousness, reflecting exterior experience and encouraging inner association with the former."
Spin,80,"Cox followed his muse and ran with it, and what resulted is a collection of music that's as intriguing as its creator."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"There are times on Let the Blind, when the music around Cox veers subtly in the right direction, where you can hear the grubs surprise as he wakes up with Great Admiral wings, ugly white noise turning psychedelic."
Q Magazine,80,"He easily sidesteps the drama that dogged he and his band throughout 2007 (and ultimately led to their declaration of hiatus towards the end of the year), turning Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See But Cannot Feel into a beautifully melancholic slice of shimmering, ambient pop."
Uncut,80,"While Coxs narratives make little sense (much of the time, hes not even singing so much as wailing wordlessly), the music is surprisingly accessible."
Pitchfork,80,"Let the Blind Leads lovesickness and confessions, however, are as tenderly delivered as its hazy atmospherics are, and in their bare authenticity, are far more compelling in repeat indulgences than Deerhunters explorations."
Boston Globe,80,"Each song has a distinctive quality that stands on its own. However, when you back away from the album as a whole, you begin to see that all these individual elements unify to make a greater holistic product."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Cox projects an otherwordly allure in his atmospheres and melodies that recall My Blood Valentine's recasting of rock as sound that prioritizes erotic texture and swoon-worthy levitation. [Mar 2008, p.140]"
Urb,75,"It's an uneven and at times painfully intimate record, but one that confirms the talent of a songwriter obsessed with illuminating his interior truth."
Pitchfork,75,"As is often the case with that genre [Too Pure acts like Seefeel], certain songs feel aimless and in dire need of an editor. But when they coalesce (as on the tender lament 'Recent Bedroom' or the gentle Jesus And Mary Chain pop of 'Ativan') it creates a beautiful, truly immersive world tailor-made for hiding and healing."
Lost At Sea,70,"In flashing back, Cox smears just the right amount of Vaseline on the lens. [Mar 2008, p.96]"
Paste Magazine,70,"The album's not faultless: as with Deerhunter, Cox has the tendency to try too hard to be profound, wanting so badly to say something important that he sounds trite and forced, and untrustworthy, but when he's able to forget about conveying some kind of meaning and instead focuses on the actual music, his message--one of pain and love and feeling lost, of trying desperately to understand--is undeniable."
Mojo,70,"On his solo debut, Bradford Cox sinks, phantomlike, into lush, highly processed arrangements of organ, drum machine and (evidently) whatever instrument is laying around. The disappearing act really can be magical."
No Ripcord,60,"At times, it's as moody and transporting as great film music, but, fat too often, these songs never materialize into anything more substantial than vapor. [Winter 2008, p.80]"
Billboard,60,"Let The Blind never pitches badly or throws up a truly terrible track to mack on and leaves me with the potentially duff argument that this record is really good at what it does, but what it does so exactingly reaches for breadthlessness that its under-ambition ends up under-cutting what made the songs pleasant and amenable in the first place."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Atlas Sound meanders where it ponders, a purely ethereal trip without the oomph."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The psychiatric exercise of creating the album may have done him some good, but fans of Deerhunter's transcendent rock will have to wait for the band's next album if they want the kind of catharsis that is only hinted at here."

Magnet,80,"It may be his poppiest and slickest work to date, but Golden Delicious is more proof that Mike Doughty still knows where to make the melodies twist and turn to find the sweet spot among the ridiculous, the sublime and the sad."
PopMatters,70,"Doughtys fourth and best solo album gives up two keepers: the semi-absurdist 'More Bacon Than the Pan Can Handle,' with Stephanie Bischoffs guest vocals sexier for sure than any synth weirdness Soul Coughing ever confabulated, and the mournfully understated Iraq opener, 'Fort Hood.'"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"For fans whove followed the singer/songwriter since the demise of Soul Coughing, theres a lot to recommend on Golden Delicious."
Alternative Press,60,"Golden Delicious as a whole, feels like it has the potential to be great but falls short."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Doughtys sophomore LP, Golden Delicious, goes heavy on the groove and the hook, but it may go a little too soft on the edges."
The A.V. Club,55,"To extend the titles metaphor, Golden Delicious has the taste, but none of the bite."
Spin,51,"Golden Delicious confronts, rejects, and reinterprets his own past, which simply leaves me longing for a return to it."
AllMusic,50,"There are still some moments that show what Doughty is capable of, where he holds back on the production and instrumentation and lets his acoustic guitar chords and voice take over, like in the darker 'I Got the Drop on You,' which references his Soul Coughing days while still coming across as an original, but this is a rarity among the slick and silly tracks that make up the rest of Golden Delicious."
Blender,50,"Golden Delicious rides along on an unchanging, mid-tempo vibe that puts too much weight on Doughty's limited vocal range, stumbling midway through on the cringe-inducingly unfunky 'More Bacon Than The Pan Can Handle.'"
Under The Radar,50,"Eventually Doughty is going to have to do something about his lyrics, because 'The moonlight shines like a luminous girl tonight/ Yeah, Jesus Christ like a luminous girl tonight' isn't going to hack it."
cokemachineglow,40,"The latest release from former Soul Coughing frontman Mike Doughty isnt quite as annoying as Matthewss catalogue, but it comes close."

Sputnikmusic,70,"Overall, Strangefolk is a welcome return. [Spring 2008, p.83]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Those who liked the first two albums will be pleased to hear the Deep Purple-esque, brazenly '60s organ-rock sounds and indian religious refernces still firmly in place. [Sep 2007, p.104]"
Billboard,60,"When they hit their still groovy '50s psychedelic rock stride on 'Second Sight' or the bonkers hippy wig-out 'Song of Love/Narayana,' the truth is that Kalu Shaker still aren't so awful after all. [Sept 2007, p.92]"
Blender,60,"Even if Kula Shaker never transcend their vintage influences, it's on the dreamier songs like the title track and 'Persephone' (billed as a bonus track, a move that's antiquated in its own right) that Strange Folk stands as an unexpectedly welcome comeback."
Paste Magazine,60,"They haven't downsized: the rock is (well played) bog-standard retro, but themes cover Guantanamo and the afterlife. Amid the Dylan raps and Yardbirds licks (and if The Charlatans made this, they'd be garlanded) there's a welcome sense that they're smartly chuckling at themselves."
Slant Magazine,50,"Strangefolk isn't awful. The lyrics are as fatuous as ever."
PopMatters,50,"It is hard not to listen to Kula Shaker and their banal, blissfully insulated retro-rock and not be a little amazed that a band can get so many right elements so wrong."
Prefix Magazine,20,"The title track sounds like it is vocalised by the female speech function on a Mac's TextEdit facility and is roughly the worst thing ever made, yet it's still only the third-worst track on the album"

cokemachineglow,90,"This is an album of genuine depth, one expressing the nervous conservative shockwaves which charge through party kids once they start to come down."
AllMusic,84,"Hynes poppy solo debut is packed with romantic up and downs and love-induced nausea, making for easy listen of well-produced, structurally sound guitar/piano folk. [Winter 2008, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Falling... is a remarkable leap forward; as Lightspeed Champion, Hynes is, at last, a serious contender."
Pitchfork,80,"Smart and funny. Bold and layered. Witty and affecting. Roll on the next reinvention."
NOW Magazine,80,"Lightspeed Champion sounds like an ambitious fan, eager to stuff his entire record collection into his solo debut, but with the uncluttered grace of a patient melodist, albeit one who can't resist naming a song 'Let the Bitches Die.'"
Under The Radar,80,"Dev Haynes' debut is a sinewy, surprising move for one steeped in metallic noise bridging semi-acoustic country rock and chamber folk with a folk-prog detour on the 10-minute centrepiece 'Midnight Surprise.' [Feb 2008, p.112]"
Mojo,80,"The 10-minute 'Midnight Surprise' is the album's sprawling, beguiling centrepeice, but 'Everyone I Know Is Listening To Crunk' is its bewildered, adorable heartbeat. [Feb 2008, p.96]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's fitting that this debut contains at least half a dozen exquiste songs that could work in any idiom. [Feb 2008, p.80]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Falling's callow couplets and needless potty mouthing ('Devil Tricks for a Bitch,' 'All to S---') can't meet the expectations set by the lovely parade of kitchen-sink instrumentation."
Uncut,63,"On Falling Off the Lavender Bridge, Hynes offers a comfortable (and more interesting) marriage of lush Brit-pop and Omaha-flavored country-rock."
The Guardian,60,"Whatever the case may be, what's left is a record with some promise but too many flaws to be truly enjoyable."
AllMusic,60,"A million miles from thrash and punk, the twelve tracks here are an unusual mix of indie rock and country, with top class musicianship adding lots of depth and colour."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Hynes stumbles into typical self-indulgent twentysomething pitfalls -- his ideas can be overdetermined, and he often misjudges the thin line between disaffection and narcissism. Still, his imagination is formidable."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The thing is, Mogis Americana treatment of Lavender Bridges core material all too often saturates each song, soaking though to the core of Hynes material and threatening to set in to rot."
Filter,60,"Falling Off the Lavender Bridge is a confident and enjoyable introduction to Hynes latest musical project."
No Ripcord,60,"This is an adolescent album, promising and irritating in equal measure."
musicOMH.com,50,"Falling Off The Lavender Bridge is a collection of alt-country songs that alternate between darkly funny and deathly serious, cleverly coy and crappily dull. [Mar 2008, p.140]"
Village Voice,50,"The record suffers from a lack of focus, with Haynes' almost passionless vocals adding little to the sometimes overly fussy arrangements. [Winter 2008, p.82]"
Mojo,40,"Hynes' shift into elaborate, string-laden indie-folk is itself a profound gesture, but repetitive melodies and inscrutable melodrama undermine the mission."

Q Magazine,80,"The songs on his debut album, Charmed and Strange are quirky and inventive."
Uncut,80,"Yoav proves that a guitar and his voice are the only instruments you really need to make powerful, versatile music."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A haunting cover of the Pixies' 'Where Is My Mind' rounds off a quite remarkable debut. [May 2008]"
Pitchfork,80,"This is a debut album of startling originality, that seems set to cast its spell most acutely on a hot summer's night."
AllMusic,60,"Everything you hear is supposedly conjured from Yoav's guitar. It's a cute trick but as the album storms ahead it becomes a distracting and frustrating gimmick that sells the songs short. [15 Mar 2008, p.50]"
Hot Press,60,"He performs everything (from drum'n'bass to hip hop beats) on his guitar, leading him to be dubbed a 'one-man Timbaland band'. A true percussive original."
Spin,60,"Charmed and Strange, however, is a collection of interesting guitar playing with a few lyrics thrown in for pop legitimacy."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The sparse sound that he produces means it's more entertaining to watch his trickery than to listen to it. [Apr 2008, p.117]"
PopMatters,60,"At their best, as in 'Sometimes,' they drag you into their circling obsessiveness and measured rhetoric. But, too often, Yoav's cleverness feels calculating--unless it's the reverse that, over-tasked. [May 2008]"
The Guardian,50,"While this is a forward-thinking and cerebral affair, as Yoav has a love of dance music, he often works with funky grooves and rhyming lyrics that should appeal to fans with a club-oriented aesthetic."
Alternative Press,40,"Yoavs whole shtick is that he only plays the acoustic guitar, but he runs it through a looping pedal to make drum and keyboard sounds. Conceptually, its an okay idea, and Yoav pulls it off, but it gets boring fast."
Under The Radar,40,"Boasting imaginative craft, his dedication to his techniques style is apparent, but in every other facet the album takes a downward spiral."
Austin Chronicle,22,"Yoav goes about his expecting some sort of kneejerk praise for rolling dolo, but thanks to a total lack of depth, sonic or otherwise, all I see is the gimmicks, the wack lyrics."

Amazon.com,80,"Always led by the miraculous voice of Ch'hom Nimol. So beautifully and effectively, in fact, that they end up giving fusion a good name. [Feb 2008, p.78]"
Boston Globe,80,"Venus on Earth, their third album, contains more English lyrics than their previous two efforts, but it also represents some of the band's most sentimental work."
Uncut,80,"Nimol's vocals are as beguiling as ever, Ethan Holtzman's Farfisa organ still swirls, Zac Holtzman's guitars still chime and chunk, and Paul Dreux Smith's drums clang happily along."
musicOMH.com,80,"This transcends the sometimes dubious genre of world music in every sense."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The band loosens up here quite a bit, letting things swing more, drone more, and echo more. [Winter 2008, p.81]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Sexy and eclectic, it's world music for the cool kids."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The punk grooves of 'Laugh Track' or 'Seeing Hands' and the near-perfect Phnom Pehn pop of 'Mr. Orange' or 'Monsoon Of Perfume' bookend a set that grows in strength with each play. [Feb 2008, p.110]"
Q Magazine,80,"Venus on Earth proves that world-pop fusion neednt be a pastiche of watered-down musical tropes, but rather something vital and soul affirming--a fever to embrace."
Mojo,70,"The band itself is top notch here."
AllMusic,70,"If you're in the mood for something weird, check out this album that fuses psychedelic rock with Cambodian lyrics."
NOW Magazine,70,"Venus on Earth feels impulsive and rich, rippling with surf psychedelia and exultant brass swing."
PopMatters,70,"Even the otherworld instrumental 'Oceans of Venus' cant counterbalance Venuss ballad-heavy bottom half."
Pitchfork,67,"The seductive warble of Cambodian-born singer Chhom Nimol converts this psychedelic canvas into high art as she sways effortlessly between English and her native Khmer."
Uncut,60,"At their best - on songs such as the wailing and quirky Seeing Hands and Mr Orange, or the pounding finale One Thousand Tears of a Tarantula - they play an intriguing mixture of psychedelic rock and garage surf styles, mixed in with Nimol's cool, clear vocals in Khmer."
Village Voice,40,"Even when their songs pass muster, the performances feel ineffectual, which makes long stretches of Venus on Earth drag semi-miserably."

AllMusic,80,"Nicole's tunes are so memorable you almost don't need to buy them. [Dec 2007, p.123]"
PopMatters,60,"For an enjoyable 'kickaround' of an album this is a cheeky little blighter that will continue to tickle ears, raise a smile and brighten any listen for a while yet."
Under The Radar,60,"Unquestionably, it would have been better still had the songs been layered with a little less sugar."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Remi Nicole is so self-conscious, so now, she feels like she's already hit her own self-destruct button."
Mojo,30,"The music is as grotesquely over-produced as its lyrics are undercooked, with glossy drum rolls and naff scratching segments fighting for attention on the gruesome battlefield."
Dusted Magazine,30,"The rest of the tracks bop along with various degrees of offensiveness or inoffensiveness, troubling and achieving nothing."
Prefix Magazine,20,"Her music is similarly annoying, with her sugar-fuelled rockabilly-pop, she's the female Jack Penate. [Jan 2008, p.93]"

Hot Press,80,"While not all of the remixes hit these heights, overall it's a fun set, and a good complement to the eclecticism of D-Sides' first disc."
Spin,80,"It's not all killer, but some impressive tracks lurk within."
Blender,80,"Crazy as a second Gorillaz B-sides album might sound, this rummage through the 'Demon Days' cutting room floor is totally justified."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Theres something profoundly unsettling about D-Sides. Its better than it has any right to be."
The Guardian,78,"D-Sides is a worthy investment because of: A) the inclusion of their re-recording of the live-fave 'Hong Kong,' B) their collabo with the Bees entitled 'Bill Murray,' and C) remixes by DFA and Soulwax."
Pitchfork,70,"D-Sides is not exactly a coherent listen with its gems hidden among the less-successful experiments, but then again, it's not like the band didn't warn us."
Q Magazine,70,"D-Sides will hold fans over until the rumoured last soundtrack album for an upcoming film rears its furry head. [Winter 2008, p.87]"
musicOMH.com,67,"Gorillaz' double-disc D-Sides, an extension of the hit 'Demon Days,' isn't as bland as that description suggests, but like 2002's 'G-Sides,' it lacks the luster of the studio album that inspired it."
Observer Music Monthly,67,"Much of the album would've been lucky to appear on the flip side of a vinyl single back when people bought such things....Matters improve on a remix-filled bonus CD. [23 Nov 2007, p.73]"
The Guardian,65,"The remixes that constitute the second disc are less intriguing than the B-sides, but none of them are horrible."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The first disc of this double album set is evenly split between sketches and absolute gems."
Dot Music,60,"Gorillaz' second round-up of offcuts, noodles and sketches still has an excellent strike rate. [Dec 2007, p.84]"
Uncut,60,"For simian disco, electro-pop remixes by DFA and Hot Chip stand out amid Disc 2's uneven DJ fodder. [Jan 2008, p.98]"
AllMusic,50,"Trouble is, B-sides have never exactly been Albarns strong suit, thanks mainly to his incurable dilettantism and aforementioned onanistic tendencies."
Billboard,40,"Unsurprisingly for a 2D project, it's all a little flat. [Dec 2007, p.121]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"I-Empire is a sweeping conceptual piece with a message as big as its sound and just a bit more enigmatic."
PopMatters,80,"For all its cathartic lyrics, I-Empire is actually packed with dazzling, fast-moving songs, like 'Everything's Magic' and 'Sirens,' that bring together U2's widescreen guitar flights with tuneful, straightforward punk melodies."
Filter,75,"'Magic' isn't the sole highlight: 'Sirens,' an earnest new-wave throwback, may even encourage DeLonge's sternest critics to sing along."
Boston Globe,70,"Where 'Whisper' came off like an ego-driven side project, I-Empire paints the Angels as a fully-fledged band."
Under The Radar,60,"I-Empire is an easier record to like than 'We Don't Need to Whisper,' as it marks a very small, very tentative progression toward DeLonge realizing that he can expand his sonic and emotional horizons without abandoning the pop songcraft that remains his greatest strength"
The A.V. Club,50,"The results so far: mixed. I-Empire is full of big, faintly Eighties-sounding chiming choruses and arms-outstretched melodies, and DeLonge deploys the signposts of significance all over."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Between the bloated song lengths and repetitive arrangements, What Angels & Airwaves really need for LP3 is an editor. [Dec 2007, p.184]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"I-Empire still makes you wonder what constituency DeLonge hopes to attract with such an anti-fun platform. [Dec 2007, p.112]"
Pitchfork,40,"Tom DeLonge does have talent, and maybe one day he'll make an album that deserves all his self-proclaimed hype. This, however, isn't it."
Uncut,40,"While the production displays a genuine level of talent, including excellent drummer Atom Willard, just about every song teases with potential before going absolutely nowhere."
Spin,40,"I-Empire is so in thrall to Edge's guitar sound circa 1984 it could almost be the work of a /u2 tribute band. [Dec 2007, p.112]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"Angels & Airwaves labour under the illusion that 'mature' equals 'worthwhile;' and that means long, directionless songs swathed in echo pedals and factory-set keyboards."
Mojo,30,"This album, the second from Angels and Airwaves, is thick with U2-aping major-chord bluster and well-meaning meaninglessness."

Billboard,100,"Untrue is complex, stark, tender, blurred and breathtaking. Burial has managed the impossible and improved on his faultless debut."
Amazon.com,100,"As addictive as its predecessor, Untrue confirms that Burial possesses not just the keen ear of a Lee Perry or Martin Hannett."
The A.V. Club,100,"It seems as though the quick release of Untrue restricted Burial from burying his emotions underneath layers of alternatively sparse and overwhelming production as he did on his debut, resulting in an album that instead wears them unabashedly on its sleeve."
PopMatters,100,"Burbling electronic ticktocks vie with a carillon of bell simulacra, and rarely have vinyl crackle or laser malfunction generated more musicality."
AllMusic,90,"What gives this album more depth is the focus, the rolling symmetry and cinema."
Rolling Stone,90,"Untrue crackles with high-tension, excitement and yearning."
Alternative Press,90,"Untrue is a devastatingly accurate depiction of urban UK--plugging the listener into the matrix of some godforsaken south London satellite, with its identikit fast food joints, repellent inhabitants and anonymous decaying sprawl."
Spin,90,"The human voice, the most striking change in Burials sound, renders Untrue superior to its predecessor."
musicOMH.com,90,"The anonymous producer behind the work of Burial is letting his dubstep sounds progress and on his impressive sophomore album he can be found chasing the transient hints of beauty to be found in the confines of urban desolation."
NOW Magazine,90,"Even as someone who knows very little about electronic music, this album is affecting. You will never get the urge to skip a song and you will desire and covet every sound thats emitted from this album because they make up one tremendous, collective entity in Untrue."
Q Magazine,90,"If you can appreciate the style of dubstep employed by Burial, it's easy to fall head over heels for Untrue, an album on which there are absolutely no mainstream-crossover concessions, no ego trips, and no willful stylistic variation--an album where the music, a singular style of it, takes center stage with no distractions or sideshows, where there's never the urge to skip to the next track, because they're all part and parcel of the greater whole."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Untrue deepens and expands his emotional range. [Feb 2008, p.92]"
Blender,90,"Burial has transcended his dubstep origins, belonging to a Gothic tradition that takes in Massive Attack and even 4AD at their most grandiosely despondent. [Jan 2008, p.53]"
musicOMH.com,85,"Needless to say, Untrue shatters any ideas of a sophomore slump."
The Guardian,84,"Top-heavy with sad string passages and mournful vocal loops, Untrue is an album meant to be heard at home, in the car, on headphones-- his songs feel almost like beautiful secrets being whispered to a listener."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Burial has concocted a noir-ish sound thats as powerful as it is atmospheric."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"That emptiness tempts a listener in, and puts you in its place--you, in a sense, step into the records point of view. This invitation to intimacy is a powerful move that most club music is simply incapable of."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While the percussion-free 'Endorphin' and 'Dog Shelter' paint haunting pictures of isolation and heartache, a warm and generous humanity runs just beneath the surface. It's this quality that lends the propulsive woodblock throb of the closing 'Raver' its muted euphoria."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The album works as an ambient whole, its fog-bank synths, yearning vocal slivers and stoic basslines filling the room with melancholy."
Dot Music,80,"Machine music this unrelentingly intimate is worth the attention it requires."
PopMatters,80,"Untrue lives in the present, its more complex moods showcasing the emotional range that marks Burial out as more than just another bloke with a computer. [Jan 2008, p.108]"
Urb,75,"Why anyone would want to be subjected to such gloom is a good question, except that Burial is a witch with the kind of drum programming that leaves no choice in the matter."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Untrue is altogether warmer than its predecessor. [Jan 2008, p.87]"

AllMusic,80,"It's a record full of deep, freaky grooves."
Spin,70,"Keenan sometimes winks too much, but he knows when to pull back from the brink of ridiculousness. [Dec 2007, p.125]"
The Wire,67,"Vagina finds Keenan attempting a fresh spin on the style. He doesn't always hit the mark, but the perpetually distorted, faux-sultry vocals ('Queen B') and visceral dance beats should elate those who've been itching to pull their old My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult T-shirts out of storage."
Almost Cool,50,"The lyrics--delivered in a borderline sexy-creepy style that sometimes veers into Gregorian-chant territory--range from esoteric and dark to crude and dumb."
Pitchfork,30,"Not every album can be a tour de force, but Keenan is normally much better than this even on his worst days."
BBC collective,30,"The problem with the album goes past its unmemorable music."

Dusted Magazine,70,"It may take multiple spins for a few songs to really find their footing with fans, but those people will surely be rewarded handsomely in the end."
Village Voice,70,"In the end, this dark, penetrating album is a transitional record and should be viewed as such. [Dec 2007, p.172]"
Blender,70,"Under the Boards, still doesnt quite live up, it is their best since that timeless classic, 'Stay What You Are.'"
Slant Magazine,60,"while Under the Boards may not be 'Through Being Cool' part deux, its still a solid effort from a man that will never be able to escape his past--no matter how fast he may try to run."
Q Magazine,50,"As usual, his nasal voice gets grating, but at least his band has returned to what it does best."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Chris Conley's juvenile lyrics and whiney vocal tone submerge the band's music."
Uncut,40,"Under the Boards, finds [Conley] in a surprisingly dark and newwavish mode, bobbing through spare, angular arrangements that overemphasize the off-key bleat that's his albatross as much as the band's signature."

Hartford Courant,83,"Factor in politics, social commentary, and highly individualistic posey, and Elect gets our vote for the liveliest mixed-bag marvel of the season. [26 Oct 2007, p.69]"
Spin,80,"It's an ambitious egotistical solo release, and one with the chops to pull it all off. The well placed spaces and lithe textural moments of delicate instrumental engagement and interlude prevent Elect the Dead from going by in a blur."
The A.V. Club,80,"Elect the Dead, his first full-length solo effort, boasts the same kind of arty arrangements and cascading dynamics as SOAD's ouvre, a sign that while guitarist Daron Malakian is often considered the band's mad genius, Tankian's elastic, expressive vocals are as integral to its character."
Rolling Stone,80,"He's screaming louder than ever on his solo CD, but what's notable is how all the titanium riffs and loud-soft-loud dynamics now feel personalized, a little cozier and multihued than on SOAD record. [Nov 2007, p.157]"
Billboard,80,"while System of a Down would have given these songs more sheer brawn, Mr. Tankians versions are the next best thing."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Tankian has always got one more surprise up his sleeve. But his scatter-shot approach does not detract from the acuity of his polemical insights"
AllMusic,80,"Tankian has created a forward-thinking album that swerves convention. [Dec 2007, p.98]"
Alternative Press,70,"Tankian may be taking a break from System of a Down, but his solo debut hardly favors wimpy love songs over political jeremiads. [Nov 2007, p.125]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"For the most part, though, hes more disciplined than hes ever sounded throughout the entire disc, not allowing his personality distract from the richness of the musical arrangements."
PopMatters,67,"Tankian hasn't yet mastered the art of editing himself for time: Inspiring as its genre-jumping is in spurts, Elect The Dead gains and loses momentum enough that even fans may not stick around long enough for the best parts."
The A.V. Club,63,"In SOAD, Tankians vocal gymnastics and penchant for subversive lyrics are kept somewhat in check by the mix of muscle and subtlety guitarist Daron Malakian brings to the table. Here, theres nothing to hold him back."
Boston Globe,60,"His ambition is never entirely realized, and though his voice is versatile, his almost operatic style at times borders on annoying."
Spin,60,"There are too few of the brilliant genre-blending moments that make SOAD so special. [Nov 2007, p.147]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Here, without the berserk velocity of System's guitarist Daron Malakian, he is a little more conventional and a little less interesting."
AllMusic,60,"Elect The Dead is both impressive and bewildering--almost as if SOAD's wildest excesses have been standardised."
Billboard,50,"Elect the Dead mostly sounds like a random smattering of ideas, many of them undercooked."
Blender,50,"It's not that bad an album--it's executed with all the gumption you'd expect from the SOAD mainman--but if you've heard any of the band's previous output you just don't need this in your collection."
The New York Times,40,"Tankian combines prog pomp and a variety of vocal techniques, all irritating, to uniformly unlistenable effect. [Nov 2007, p.125]"
Observer Music Monthly,36,"It would almost be pretty or epic if Tankian hadn't done this sort of thing ten times over already: nonsensical title, half-time verses balladeered in a faux-operatic style before rushing into the 'unpredictable' chorus, which is uncomfortably wordier than ever I might add."

Mojo,90,"These songs show him in a newly redemptive prime, and will satisfy both short and long term devotees."
Spin,80,"This kind of electro-glam was acceptable in the Eighties, and Hourglass proves that it still is."
PopMatters,75,"Gahan hasnt arrived at the palace of wisdom yet, but it sounds like hes enjoying travelling this new route there."
The A.V. Club,70,"A more electronic, better built, and altogether better deal than 'Monsters,' thanks mostly to the singer and-don't-you-forget-to-mention songwriter's better sense of self."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Dave Gahan wisely returns to the highly synthesized electronica of his main band Depeche Mode."
NOW Magazine,70,"Gahan has crafted an genuine album utilizing old and new tricks in surprisingly adept and original ways. [Fall 2007, p.73]"
Q Magazine,70,"There are a couple of moments where Hourglass works perfectly."
The Guardian,67,"Gahan has actually made one of the year's best-sounding electronic releases, containing a surprisingly small number of cringe-inducing moments."
New Musical Express (NME),65,"For the most part Dave Gahan has a lot of catching up to do after his lackluster solo debut, and Hourglass, while an improvement, will likely suffer from the continued fallout of 'Paper Monsters.'"
Rolling Stone,60,"On Hourglass, he makes a very Depeche-sounding album indeed."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Hourglass plays the 'I, an artist' card with equal earnestness, a collection of electronic songs that mix dungeon-master sexual predation with angst-ridden introspection. [Nov 2007, p.104]"
Uncut,60,"Gahan is a way off from being a David Sylvian-but not as far as you might think."
Lost At Sea,60,"It's a vibrant affair. [Nov 2007, p.138]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Hourglass isn't a perfect album by any means, but it's got enough really good stuff on it to make your overlook the not-so-good."
Observer Music Monthly,57,"The problem is that while Hourglass has Gahan sounding a lot more assured and competent as a songwriter, it's also too much what you'd expect of him."
Hot Press,50,"Houglass blatantly resembles sedate, later-day Depeche. [Nov 2007, p.118]"
AllMusic,40,"Left to his own devices, Gahan, a mediocre songwriter at best, is forced to rely mostly on personality. Hourglass, his second solo album, is more a collection of moods than tunes."
Billboard,40,"Some songs start out peppy and intriguing, but his moaning over top sucks all the life out of the groove."

Under The Radar,80,"Morgan simply lets his rage rock, infusing the album with the same kind of active/ alt-rock straddling approach that's vaulted Seether's previous releases to gold status."
Dot Music,60,"With hardly a distraction or ballad in sight, it is their most direct and focused record yet, and quite possibly their most consistent."
The A.V. Club,30,"On this South African band's third album, the guitar tones are a teeth-grinding, digitized-sounding nightmare, and a series of I'm-singing-through-a-cell-phone vocal filters can't disguise how played out Morgan's style is."
Lost At Sea,20,"Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces is nearly all negative space with very little beauty."
Rolling Stone,20,"Anyone believing that Bush betrayed grunge's punk promise will feel like reaching for a shotgun. [Aug 2008, p.135]"

Mojo,100,"Chase This Light is what emo should sound like: big emotions, sure, but also big hooks, big stakes. And big rewards. [19 Oct 2007, p.126]"
Uncut,80,"Thanks to singer Jim Adkins's bottomless well of high-flying choruses (not to mention the general shittiness of current affairs), the formula still delivers."
Q Magazine,80,"Chase This Light is not a genre-defying album for the history books-it just gives the impression that Jimmy Eat World are still capable of producing one."
PopMatters,80,"Chase This Light is packed with huge pop moments, galloping off with the exhilarating 'Big Casino' and swiftly following it with the towering 'Carry You,' songs seemingly custom made for action-packed pick-up truck commercials."
Pitchfork,80,"With Butch Vig producing, there is an extra coat of studio sheen on anthemic rockers ('Big Casino'), finger-snapping dance-y numbers ('Always Be') and such borderline Fall Out Boy-sounding political shout-outs as 'Electable (Give It Up).'"
Spin,80,"Overall, Chase This Light takes the pop rock sound of their latest albums and perfects the style, complemented with Butch Vigs flawless production skills. Again, the choruses sound bigger and catchier than ever."
Hartford Courant,76,"Chase This Light's would-be killer singles make for enjoyable listening, but taken as a whole it feels uninspired for a band known for its ambition."
NOW Magazine,70,"Jimmy Eat Worlds decidedly more adult Chase This Light finds the Mesa, Ariz., foursome bartering their former angst and fitful ennui for sophisticated, toothsome power pop."
Billboard,70,"Chase This Light is also a return to form for the band in terms of their ingratiating power-pop."
PopMatters,70,"Their sixth album sticks close to what they know best. [Nov 2007, p.153]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Having distanced themselves from the E-word long before it became fashionable to do so, Chase This Light sees them outgrow it."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The record is crisply produced, with jittery, epic songs that just happen to be about getting older and maybe a little more cynical. [Nov 2007, p.125]"
Q Magazine,67,"Nothing on Chase This Light is bad, relatively speaking; Jimmy Eat World has always sprinkled cheese on its albums, just never this generously."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"Jimmy Eat World go to great lengths to recapture the anthemic thrills of 'Clarity'--and give or take a few bouts of brooding cynicism, theyve succeeded."
Village Voice,60,"Nice to listen to and vaguely uplifting, but ultimately empty on the inside."
Hot Press,60,"The band takes a few sucessful detours on Chase This Light, but by and large, it's more of the same. [Nov 2007, p.172]"
Amazon.com,60,"On their drony 2004 album, 'Futures,' Jimmy Eat World seemed deflated, as if frontman Jim Adkins was in need of one of his own it just takes some time musical pep talks. Thats not the case with the uneven Chase This Light, which is instead afflicted with the musical gigantism all too common in mainstream rock."
Billboard,60,"The hooks are less immediate as well. Songs like 'Carry You' and 'Here it Goes' retain the compact force of past band gems, but too much of Chase is afflicted with a degenerate case of sameness."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Not amazing, but steady and fun all the same."
Lost At Sea,60,"It's business as usual rather than a breakthrough. [Nov 2007, p.138]"
Paste Magazine,58,"Right now, it's an album I'm unlikely to play all that much now that I'm done reviewing it."
Slant Magazine,50,"After nearly seven years, to churn out an album with three highlights and eight overblown odes (among them, 'Here It Goes,' 'Carry You,' and the forced empowerment of the title track) is disappointing."
Blender,50,"More disappointing than that, though, is the fact that there is hardly anything groundbreaking to be found in Chase This Lights 40 minutes, which is less than weve come to expect from this band."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Hooking up with Butch Vig, evidently--and trying for a heavier sound, It's a fair effort, certainly, but an unconvincing strategy. [Dec 2007, p.98]"
Spin,30,"But most of all, these songs really blow, man. Way to top-load it with three half-decent tracks at the start."

The A.V. Club,80,"Make Sure They See My Face, is a much more cohesive record, one that may have an easier time making it onto MTV and mainstream radio."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Face remains a giddy, guilt-free taste of electro-pop that single-handedly renders Kenna as a force to be reckoned with."
AllMusic,80,"The greatest thrill, however, is that Kenna's square-peg edges still never quite line up with the mainstream hole."
Alternative Press,80,"He remains a singular performer, one who can't be overwhelmed by the usual Neptunes production. Williams' typically sparse 'Loose Wires' sounds simultaneously like Kenna's surefire smash--how could that Michael Jackson-inspired hook miss?--and the proof, thanks to its android-crooning verses, that the world will only see Kenna's face on his own, refreshingly distinctive, terms."
Rolling Stone,80,"The striking thing about Make Sure They See My Face, then, is how reassuringly familiar it feels."
Hartford Courant,70,"There's no getting past the fact that the oft-delayed Make Sure They See My Face feels like a compromised work. The Neptunes know Kenna has talent; they're just looking for a way to sell it. If so, then at least the formula is tried and true. Everything about the album is impeccably produced."
NOW Magazine,66,"Kenna has the indie roots to bridge the gap between pop and everything left of center. This effort has already created some stir between the two. My only concern is that the album's lack of balance may make for a one hitter quitter."
Q Magazine,64,"Make Sure They See My Face is overdressed to impress when easing up may have been the best way to ease back into the public consciousness."
Stylus Magazine,60,"The songs aren't terribly memorable, but several cuts offer imaginative mash-ups."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Stylistically, it's all over the place, but he doesn't deserve to fall this time round. [June 2008, p.145]"
PopMatters,50,"This isn't quite sensitive arena balladry, and it's not quite a disco party, and that's emblematic of both this album's biggest problem and its greatest strength."
Uncut,40,"It's his overwrought vocal sensibility that really drags Make Sure They See My Face down into Starbucks country."

Drowned In Sound,80,"The CD reveals R.E.M. still have plenty of fuel to throw upon their smouldering career. [Jan 2008, p. 100]"
AllMusic,70,"Attention does seem to wander during some of the post-millennial songs, and the insistent clapping on the wrong beat during 'Drive' is irritating, but the crowd's love is audible and the band more than earns the affection."
PopMatters,70,"Taken as a whole package though, R.E.M. Live is a flawed but respectable enough addition to the canon of three men who can still conjure up a bit of magic, albeit in spite of themselves."
Village Voice,70,"We're treated to none-too-shabby performances of the obvious lighter-wavers as well as several lesser-known wonders, including a rocked-up take on 'Green' favourite 'Orange Crush' and an airing of the sublime 'Cuyahoga' from underrated 1986 release 'Life's Rich Pageant.'"
Hartford Courant,70,"Live is as much about forward motion as the records singer Michael Stipe, guitarist Peter Buck and bassist Mike Mills have made since Berry left in 1997."
The New York Times,67,"Recorded in Dublin, 2005, the 2-CD/1-DVD set bores through nonhits but paints a vivid picture of legends in a post-9/11 world."
Slant Magazine,60,"Fans of the frenzied early R.E.M. rock & roll will find this too anthemic--but this big, big sound on R.E.M. Live speaks to the band's core strengths in a way no post-Bill Berry studio album does."
Lost At Sea,60,"A solid enough set from the Around the Sun tour but not particularly revelatory, its exactly what one would expect from a late-period R.E.M. live album, with no surprises in performance or setlist."
Pitchfork,60,"It's reliably beautiful, if staid. [Dec 2007, p.124]"
Rolling Stone,58,"What makes Live so disappointing isn't that it offers too few shots of the band they were, but so many glimpses of the band they could be, if they were more adventurous in hi-fi."
Q Magazine,50,"Whenever they shift to tracks from 2004's leaden 'Around the Sun,' you can practically hear the audience slink toward the concession stand. [26 Oct 2007, p.69]"
Boston Globe,50,"Unless youre a diehard fan, wait for their new album in the spring."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Its strange and sometimes fascinating to hear R.E.M.s oldest songs played so differently, though vintage tracks are rare in a set concentrating on 2004s mostly inert 'Around the Sun.'"

Mojo,100,"The most heartening thing about In Rainbows, besides the fact that it may represent the strongest collection of songs Radiohead have assembled for a decade, is that it ventures into new emotional territories."
Billboard,100,"Rainbows may be the gentlest, prettiest Radiohead set yet."
Delusions of Adequacy,100,"It's true that we've come to expect a certain level of genius from this band, but when they actually exceed expectations, as they do here, it's a clear sign that Radiohead will continue to reinvent themselves and drop more jaws along the way."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"Once again, Radiohead have proven themselves priceless. [Dec 2007, p.107]"
Rolling Stone,93,"The brilliant In Rainbows represents no such thing [downshift]. Nonetheless, it's a very different kind of Radiohead record. Liberated from their self-imposed pressure to innovate, they sound--for the first time in ages--user-friendly."
Austin Chronicle,91,"Excluding the established Radiohead franchise from consideration of In Rainbows, it is still one of the most compelling recent releases, and should be considered for 2007's Album of the Year in any context."
AllMusic,91,"Elsewhere, it's business as usual--mostly amazing business, to be sure, but never entirely unexpected."
Trouser Press,91,"In Rainbows, then, is Radiohead as straight and lean as theyve ever sounded."
Spin,90,"In Rainbows really does present Radiohead at their most full-blooded and confident."
Pitchfork,90,"All of it rocks; none of it sounds like any other band on earth; it delivers an emotional punch that proves all other rock stars owe us an apology."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The first time I listened to Radiohead's In Rainbows, I loved it, no holds barred."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"By turns danceable, blissed out romantic, familiar and new, it's technologically and musically fascinating. Its juxtaposition of orga and mecha is one of its many well executed contradictions. Packed but sparse, thrilling, complex, innovative, simple. Without even a dud bar never mind a filler track, In Rainbows is more than any fan could hope for."
Blender,90,"Its as brazen, bold and brilliant as anything its done thus far. It is, as Thom Yorke claimed, very minimal. Yet, the album never sounds half-finished, but instead focused and refined. Its as vital as anything the band has done."
The Guardian,90,"The album proves itself to be what we all thought Radiohead couldnt make again: a masterpiece."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"This album is more a statement of where they're going. It feels big, open, and alone, like you are listening in on something you shouldn't hear."
NOW Magazine,90,"In Rainbows will hopefully be remembered as Radiohead's most stimulating synthesis of accessible songs and abstract sounds, rather than their first pick-your-price download."
Q Magazine,90,"Sonically, it was staggering."
Pitchfork,90,"Maybe In Rainbows is their life--settling into things, creating permanence. If so, we may grow to miss the anger and the striving and the discovery that comes as a result. But for now, we can enjoy the beauty of Radiohead understanding their identity and the craftsmanship that lies in comfort."
Lost At Sea,85,"First impressions are pretty damn good. Its dreamy, eerie, epic, soaring, soothing, very occasionally manic... and more."
The A.V. Club,85,"This is a grownup album, made for grownups."
Stylus Magazine,85,"Radiohead sound as ephemeral and variegated as ever, flowering and streaming and as big as the light our eyes can catch."
BBC collective,80,"Overall, the material feels more human, more honest, more assured."
Rolling Stone,80,"Happily, In Rainbows is pretty, pretty good."
Los Angeles Times,80,"'Videotape' closes off the album peacefully, like a peck kiss goodbye, and it fittingly finishes the sparse emptiness of the record. However, the entire album lacks a climax."
musicOMH.com,80,"In Rainbows, the band's seventh studio album and first since 2003's 'Hail to the Thief,' is dense and thorny, complex and beautiful."
No Ripcord,80,"In Rainbows is a wonderful, absorbing album."
PopMatters,80,"Amazingly, it lacks any pretense: their aesthetic is organic and fluid, indicating a band that responds honestly and artistically to circumstance, rather than one that imposes a rigid, stagnant aesthetic for more idealistic purposes."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Rhythmic layers crackle and coil, percussion spatters prettiness, and noise sometimes looms from murky corners....Radiohead has also reclaimed its tunefulness. Its new songs take care to string long-lined melodies across the rigorous counterpoint."
AllMusic,80,"In Rainbows, its first new album in four years, is a gorgeous, if understated return to form."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Not only is this Radioheads most straightforward, organic-sounding album since The Bends, it finds the band shedding the bulk of its trademark anxiety while remaining indomitably themselves."
Under The Radar,80,"Radiohead have made their most well-behaved, classically structured album since 'OK Computer.'"
Hot Press,80,"In Rainbows is far more pensive and reflective than its predecessor."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The album succeeds because all that cold, clinical lab work hasn't eliminated the warmth from their music. [Dec 2007, p.111]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Both artistically and in terms of a new business model, In Rainbows is a necesary masterstroke. [Dec 2007, p.96]"
Billboard,80,"In Rainbows is a richly textured and resonant record. In a career marked by dramatic reinvention, Radioheads latest phase  growing old gracefully--is going quite well."
Dot Music,80,"The music within the album has many sides to it, and the execution gives each aspect enough emphasis to add to the sound without creating clutter or over saturation."
Sputnikmusic,78,"'Bodysnatchers' exhibits the electioneering energy of The Bends with a monstrous riff that explodes into a spiral galaxy of guitar, but the remainder of the album flows like an extended Soma holiday."
Hartford Courant,70,"In Rainbows with the all-too-familiar stiff, programmed beats and strategically placed effects of '15 Steps,' but soon more organic elements (spare bass and leftfield guitar--literally, coming out of the left speaker) take center stage, rendering it one of the band's best hybrids in years."
Boston Globe,68,"It's certainly pretty, and definitely has its moments, but it simply lacks the vitality of past work."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"It feels like vital parts are gone, missed somewhere in Radioheads search through their own oeuvre for something more and more facilely universal, something that draws lines within lines of song types and not the larger methodology, something that can be 'important' without being challenging."
The New York Times,60,"There is still a sense here of a group magisterially marking time, shying away this time round from any grand, rhetorical, countercultural purpose. [Dec 2007, p.63]"
Under The Radar,40,"I can sense that there's something pretty great going on and even briefly catch glimpses of it. But as an experience, it's a little bit maddening, and eventually I'll want to throw away the glasses and pick up a book."

Paste Magazine,91,"The debut album was good, but this is better. Much, much better; the kind of record I will happily and willingly return to long after this review is dead and buried."
Uncut,91,"Theres a melancholic beauty in the melodies of Zach Condon that conjure a cinematic romanticism."
Blender,90,"Credit Condon with a vivid imagination to go with his intuitive songwriting ability, and embrace The Flying Club Cup as one of the best albums of 2007."
Spin,90,"This album, like its predecessor, is stunning. [Fall 2007, p.91]"
Mojo,89,"It's a slow-motion ballet immortalized on album."
Trouser Press,85,"This is one of the best albums of the year, from a verifiable talent and one of the scenes most exciting young songwriters."
Sputnikmusic,83,"Condon's theatrical croon and rich string arrangements hold the album together while it tells a musical story about the acculturation of the boozy."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It's a more pensive presentation--dare I say it: more mature."
Slant Magazine,80,"The new album conjures something of Condons own imagination, more deftly-etched romantic fiction than dry travelogue, and is all the better for it."
Almost Cool,80,"Despite being the unmistakable sound of Beirut, this is not the 'Orkestar' extension so widely expected. Rather than congesting the listener with frantic Eastern European folk shanties, a poignant nobility and romantic notion of contemporary France permeates its way into your conscience with unbridled zeal."
cokemachineglow,80,"It might not be indie (whatever that means these days), and its certainly not rock, but The Flying Club Cup is consistent in its idyllic, perhaps idealistic charms."
The Wire,80,"One either engages with the gears of this get-up, or not. If you do, the delights abound from start to finish, and it really makes no difference whether each song intends to evoke a different French city, as they do on The Flying Club Cup."
Dusted Magazine,80,"For anyone seeking a new sound, in this case a vibrant take on Balkan folk through the eyes of a Westerner, there will be no disappointment."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Flying Club Cup would be a triumph even with those layers stripped away; that's not to say that the cultural patina obscures the 'real' songs underneath, but its removal allows us to sidestep mind-numbing questions about authenticity and intention."
Filter,80,"Condon's rich, barrel-aged croon is buffeted by a whirl of brass, accordion, ukulele and Owen Pallett's fleet-footed strings, sweeping towards a finale so magnificently moving that the only correct response is a standing ovation."
Hartford Courant,80,"Like a feral Arcade Fire making whoopee in the Third Republic, The Flying Cup Club is an often magical listen and deserving of a wider audience than it will probably reach."
Magnet,80,"Condon has a tendency to over-emote vocally, but even at its most melodramatic this music's rhapsodic swirl is undeniable. [Nov 2007, p.104]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"If you can forgive Condons mannered delivery and overabundance of drunken waltz rhythms, this is an audacious experiment in cultural appropriation, an enchanting musical holiday in someone elses misery."
cokemachineglow,80,"Any charges of cultural tourism are rebuffed by the magnificence of the music. [Nov 2007, p.142]"
The A.V. Club,80,"It's thoughtful and fun and sophisticated, utterly alluring, another fantastic success by Zach Condon."
Amazon.com,78,"The Flying Club Cup doesn't feel quite as revelatory as the debut from the group. That said, it's still a solid follow-up, and the collaboration with Palette really pays dividends in grandiosity of sound."
BBC collective,70,"It's difficult at times, though, to pick out one song against another and some tracks are too same-y or too heavy-eyed for a second glance."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The dramatic arc of these songs is built around the way instruments lurch into place and dance drunkenly around one another before staggering off once again."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Even if The Flying Club Cup is slightly less vital than the debut, Condon remains an ever-growing talent that bears plenty of notice. [Fall 2007, p.72]"
Lost At Sea,70,"Condon's lyrics and his singing are nondescript at best, but Beirut retains a ragged majesty that can best be described as, well, French."
musicOMH.com,70,"Beirut actually rock, in their extremely geeky way. [Nov 2007, p.114]"
Pitchfork,70,"It is a better album than its predecessor in almost every regard, but it hardly shows Condon taking risks."
The Guardian,60,"Indulging in a baroque concept that includes chanson, 60s French caf swing and lush pop, he has no qualms about pushing the drama levels vocally. He warbles yearning lyrics on songs like La Banlieue, Un Dernier Verre (Pour La Route), alongside swaying accordion waltzes such as The Penalty. Best served with croissants and caf au lait."
Dot Music,60,"The Flying Club Cup is a good album. If youre a fan of 'Gulag Orkestar,' its probably a great album. But aside from 'Cliquot,' its more of the same."
Mojo,50,"Committed to romantic lyricism above all, Condon isnt quite the tunesmith to fully justify this passion, compensating with melismatic slurs and a Gallic disdain for consonants. These tics dont do much for lyrics hes clearly been working on"
Uncut,50,"On this disc, Beirut is a one trick pony, albeit one with a pretty good trick."

Q Magazine,75,"This is She Wants Revenge's 'The Black Parade:' a lot dumber, but a huge improvement."
AllMusic,70,"Band leaders Justin Warfield and Adam Bravin write songs that are well-constructed and generally catchy. Then again, that's not such a marvel when so much of it--the drums on 'True Romance,' the stinging guitar riff on 'Pretend the World Has Ended,' the synth-heavy hooks of 'She Will Always Be a Broken Girl'--comes from a template some other band crafted"
Almost Cool,60,"While a few songs put the 'meh' back in melodramatic ('Walking Away,' 'This Is the End'), This Is Forever is full of catchy songs that improve on the band's first album."
Billboard,40,"Of course, nothing on This is Forever is really new territory; the 80s influenced synthesizers, the electronic drums, the monotone vocalist, its all been heard before. Its all been done so much better."
Blender,40,"Begging can be sexy, too, but for SWR its just another joyless act by a hateful species."
Under The Radar,40,"On a disc that ultimately exhausts itself with boredom and clichs, it's just not worth it."
Boston Globe,40,"This is Forever simply cannot get past its own self-imposed lack of evolution."
Spin,30,"If singer Justin Warfield had a sense of humor about himself, that wouldn't be such a bummer; as is, Forever seems to go on for about that long. [Nov 2007, p.124]"
Prefix Magazine,10,"Yes, you said it best, pretentious-as-hell front-man, Warfield, this album is a train wreck."

NOW Magazine,100,"Nothing Harvey has done in the past, however, can prepare you for her eighth album, White Chalk, whose cover is as singular as the tunes therein."
Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"White Chalk is more chamber music, and a dark chamber at that. The only flickers of light come from Harveys voice: high, airy, and imperiled as she weaves her echo-coated and darkly soulful spell till the storys bleak finale."
Rolling Stone,100,"White Chalk, wholly self-contained and uncompromised, is a work of literary depth and complexity."
PopMatters,91,"Harvey has one of the most forceful voices around, but here she relies on her silk-thin upper register to create a delicate album that skates across despair without ever quite sinking into it."
The A.V. Club,90,"Beautiful, arcane, unsettling--and that's only the cover. White Chalk isn't so much a record, as a great effort at dragging you into another world."
Hartford Courant,90,"Constantly brilliant. White Chalk is an amazing album, racked with beauty, stricken with fragility and haunted with something otherworldly."
AllMusic,84,"I can think of nothing more liberating than to dive into its dark waters."
Sputnikmusic,84,"But without a doubt the change on White Chalk is steps beyond those we have seen from PJ in the past, which makes one question her intent."
Blender,80,"With its bones on show and chest wide open, White Chalk may not be the greatest album of all time, it may not be to everyone's tastes, and it may not even be Pollys finest. But let it and it'll haunt you."
NOW Magazine,80,"An album of lonely beauty and piercing sorrow, White Chalk is P.J. Harvey back at the peak of her considerable powers."
PopMatters,80,"There's not a weak track here, and on close inspection each song could be singled out as a highlight if debased from the album."
Spin,80,"Even by her own unsettling standards, however, her seventh album is disturbing, a collection of smudged and spectral laments that appear to have been written before the invention of penicillin."
Urb,80,"It's stronger and more assertive than 2004's 'Uh Huh Her.'"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A poignant and powerful collection."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The austerity of Harvey's self-imposed constraints is uncompromising but rewarding; she forces herself out of her comfort zone, and takes the listener with her."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's a brave and brilliant refocusing of her energies, virtually a rebirth. [Oct 2007, p.91]"
The A.V. Club,80,"White Chalk shifts between comforting melancholy and supremely discomforting performativity with preternatural ease."
Hot Press,80,"It rivals 'Dance Hall at Louse Point' for its willingness to challenge listeners, but it's far removed from 'Uh Huh Her,' which was arguably more listenable but a lot less remarkable. In fact, this may be Harvey's most undiluted album yet."
musicOMH.com,80,"Harvey's mostly bare arrangements, stark vocal delivery and razor-sharp lyrics add up to a poignant, haunting rumination on what makes--and breaks--a life"
cokemachineglow,80,"As usual, the excellent mix--opaque but sunlit--helps; as usual, we eagerly await her next album."
Filter,80,"Harvey's new strategy has been successful although White Chalk might be something of a curio, it's certainly her most haunting work. [Oct 2007, p.60]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's so alluring you have no choice but to follow. [Oct 2007, p.98]"
Uncut,80,"The music is positively spectral, as if she's set up her sound board in the spaces where her absent lover, unborn child, and grandmother used to be."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This yet again reveals PJ Harvey to be one of the UK's greatest contemporary songwriters."
BBC collective,80,"Harveys audio experiments are celebrated with the release of each new album. But I wonder what she would do without any limitations."
Rolling Stone,75,"This album will still take away the breath you aren't holding: It's at once bleak, aching, and insidiously beautiful."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"There's a coiled power here equal to Harvey's more muscular stuff. [Oct 2007, p.95]"
The Guardian,70,"Frustratingly, though, White Chalk isn't consistent enough to be a classic PJ album, and if you're new to her music, this isn't the ideal place to start."
Mojo,70,"White Chalk is as penetrating as the loudest, fiercest moments on previous albums, but less from moments of aggression than from a chilling atmosphere of restrained frenzy."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Polly has always done well to play outside her comfort zone, and in doing so on this album, she crafts a reminder more effective than her return-to-form attempt on 'Uh Huh Her.'"
AllMusic,70,"The album will puzzle some fans with its uncharacteristic sound, but it will surely intrigue many more. [Fall 2007, p.73]"
Billboard,68,"On the right day, at the right time, the album's powerfully claustrophobic intimacy is more palatable; on the wrong day, at the wrong time, in the wrong frame of mind, White Chalk may be the longest half-hour in the world."
Village Voice,67,"They're still about the classic Harvey tropes of repression and longing, but Chalk's fixated on death and madness, at times feeling claustrophobic in its emptiness."
The Wire,60,"Refining the spare sound of her last studio album 'Uh Huh Her,' she herein presents an 11-part song cycle about loss, longing and wandering bereft through the moors. [Oct 2007, p.108]"
Q Magazine,60,"Put in context, White Chalk serves her purposes, much as Bruce Springsteens 'Nebraska' served his. On initial listen, the album is not a step forward, nor is it a step back, but rather a lateral move intended to leave breathing room for her next attack."
Boston Globe,58,"Over the course of eleven songs of grim predestination, virtually no modernizing or even identifying signposts are allowed to disturb the terrain."
Dot Music,50,"On the largely piano-based White Chalk, she retreats into an odd little-girl-lost persona, singing almost entirely in a tremulous higher key that strangles the most powerful instrument in her arsenal: that voice."
No Ripcord,20,"The painful White Chalk is either a studio experiment gone horribly wrong or a crafty bit of career self-sabotage by a sensitive artist who'd rather make sculptures in the desert than play pop star."

Prefix Magazine,70,"Athlete's third effort Beyond The Neighbourhood goes some way to restoring their initial well-deserved kudos."
Spin,66,"Beyond the Neighborhood is somewhere in between, melding studio tweakery with the kind of sweeping melodies that never seem to go out of fashion."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The album is mostly about emotion and expressing emotion, and finding the right driving piano hooks and reverbing guitar chords to enhance such feelings. All of which means that Beyond the Neighbourhood is not particularly extraordinary."
PopMatters,60,"The self-produced Beyond The Neighbourhood balances its meat and veg indie with enough electronic textures and hip hop beats to (sort of) catch the ear."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"There aren't too many instances of musical weakness on the record, though a few tracks are mediocre in comparison with the album's most winning moments."
Under The Radar,60,"Beyond The Neighbourhood isn't Athlete's triumph, but with far more rock moments, spacey sounds and well-placed hooks, as on the driving anthem Hurricane and the dreamy Airport Disco, they've redeemed themselves a little."
Pitchfork,50,"It sounds like the work of a band who are simply trying to get their feelings off their chest, rather than one trying to sell records."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Again Athlete have purported a musical equivalent to a blank stare. It is there, it may intend to disperse meaning, but in the end it does nothing much, if anything at all. Blah, indeed."
Blender,40,"As you listen to Beyond the Neighbourhood, you find yourself spending an awful lot of time asking yourself whether you're feeling anything yet."
Paste Magazine,40,"Their third album is sprinkled with sensitive instrumental textures and plaintive tinkling noises, but their music remains utterly devoid of personality, not least because of Joel Potts' vapid vocals, while not even the best efforts of Gil Grissom and his eager CSIs could unearth a sniff of a decent tune. [Oct 2007, p.83]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"The result is a too quiet, curiously unfinished-sounding album with barely a moment to remember, let alone cherish. [Oct 2007, p.96]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"As talented as these guys are, they still can't write a song that stays with you. [Fall 2007, p.78]"
NOW Magazine,28,"Beyond the Neighbourhood is the sonic equivalent of a beautiful coffin."
Hot Press,25,"Mired in the generic neo-new-wave and self-consciously emotive yawn of contemporary fashion indie rock, Athlete's unimaginative music matches up nicely with the shallow lyrics."

Filter,60,"Sadly, for all the passion and insight of his lyrical aspersions here, a lot of the messages are left a tad subdued by the conveyor belt plod orchestration."
AllMusic,60,"The World is Yours falls too short. [October 2007, p.102]"
Dot Music,60,"Although Brown is to be commended for braving topics that other songwriters would fear to tread, he has a habit of expressing his sentiments in the most laughably simplistic terms."
PopMatters,60,"He hasn't always got the tunes, but this effort shows off more than enough ideas to keep King Monkey swinging for a good while yet."
NOW Magazine,60,"There's no denying the mystical allure of the music that accompanies it all."
Sputnikmusic,60,"More memorable for famous guests than fine tunes, The World Is Yours does not diminish Browns reputation, but it lacks the exotic, adventurous reach of his best work."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The less devout should keep a pinch of salt on stand-by. [Oct 2007, p.100]"
The Guardian,60,"Ian Browns fifth solo album is about the big issues. And while he's picked all the right targets, lyrically and musically its still a bit disappointing."
Uncut,60,"While his lyrics sometimes verge on the platitudinous, musically, this is his most arresting solo set, thanks in no small part to the John Barry-esque strings."
Q Magazine,50,"It sounds good--Brown's detached, wispy/gritty voice is pleasing as ever, and I like a pop string arrangement as much as the next guy--but it doesn't add up to much in the end."
Under The Radar,40,"The World Is Yours is one of the year's worst albums."

Pitchfork,91,"Moore turns inward and turns down, which works to his advantage."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Not only did Moore record Trees Outside the Academy with some of his closest friends, but the album's good-natured sprawl is so appealing that it makes its listeners feel like friends, too"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The Sonic Youth ringleader goes at it acoustically, far from his customary cacophonic experimentation, forming a venturesome trio with the Fleeting Skies' Samara Lubelski (violin) and SY's Steve Shelly (drums) and giving his lyrical verve the latitude it deserves."
Mojo,80,"It caps it all off to be as blunt, open and insightful as you would expect from someone you're now on first name terms with."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its all very organized, almost bucolic; there are only a few blasts of noise."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Whilst Trees Outside The Academy isn't quite as breathtaking as it could/should be, especially given the niggling-feeling that Moore didn't give the album 100% of his attention, even when he had a fresher formula at his disposal, it does contain some consistently strong material that complements as well as outshines his best latter-day Sonic Youth wares."
The Guardian,80,"Trees Outside The Academy is a relaxed, organic record that charms without really trying, and perhaps the closest Moore will ever come to the lost Moby Grape album. [Sep 2007, p.57]"
Uncut,80,"That Trees Outside the Academy is more accessible than Moore's usual output is a fair assertion to make, though there are facets innate to his music that seem sure to prevent the gangly guitarist from ever crafting an album of pure pop."
Q Magazine,80,"Youd be even more surprised to hear that it features 'songs'--proper, beautiful, well-crafted songs."
Hot Press,80,"The material is of consistently luminous order. [Oct 2007, p.90]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Trees might be at its best when Moore gives into the freewheeling vibe that is the natural outgrowth of spending your adult life engaged in on-stage jam sessions."
Pitchfork,80,"The CD, recorded last spring, is a collection of tunes that sound more groovy than gritty."
Dot Music,80,"Trees Outside The Academy is a masterclass of prog drugginess, brimming with sweet melodies and lullaby choruses."
The A.V. Club,80,"Trees Outside the Academy sparkles with an eclectic (yet accessible) sound that has my early vote for Album of the Year."
AllMusic,79,"Trees Outside the Academy is, in fact, a song-based album--and they're good songs, too."
Amazon.com,75,"It doesnt pretend to hold a candle to the big-dogs and game-changing double albums that cacophonised your youth, nor does it want to."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Ultimately, Trees Outside the Academy will most likely be remembered as Moore's most personal solo album, not because he sang with anymore emotion than anything he did with Sonic Youth, but because within its twelve songs he tackled many facets of music that interest him."
The New York Times,70,"There is high-speed dirt ('Wonderful Witches') and driving psychedelia (the title instrumental), but the most avant-garde quality of this record is its gentle assertion of detail."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Still, there's plenty of Moore's signature rock action here--from the incendiary 'Wonderful Witches' to the languidly paced guitar jam of 'Silver Blue'--to make Trees a facinating subplot in the continuing story of Sonic Youth. [Summer 2007, p.76]"
The Wire,70,"Trees Outside the Academy, as a whole, is not the musicians best work, but its worth the listen for anyone interested."
Dusted Magazine,67,"There's still clamor; it just happens between songs. The rest is honest to goodness pop."
Uncut,60,"He doesn't stray far from his main band's template. [Oct 2007, p.108]"
Mojo,60,"The album allows acoustic guitar to be the rule more than the exception. And the sublime melodies on 'Never Day' and 'Honest James' shine. Naturally, you can't take the boy out of art-school."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The overall feel is Sonic Youth Unplugged. [Oct 2007, p.106]"
Boston Globe,42,"Trying too hard to mimic his bands tried-and-true telepathy with only karaoke-level results, it's easy to see he thinks hes run out of ways to experiment."

Hot Press,80,"The result may be the year's heaviest, creepiest, and sexiest hard-rock group effort. [Oct 2007, p.104]"
No Ripcord,70,"H.I.M. isn't a band known for profound lyrics, but, at the same time, most fans of the band don't want to philosophize, they want to hear the group rock out, and this release shows them doing precisely that, even harder than before."
Pitchfork,70,"When Ville lets loose a rare scream on 'Love in Cold Blood,' it's a downer. Dude: We know you've come to suck our blood, but at least have the courtesy to romance us first! [Oct 2007, p.110]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Venus Doom is such a refreshing return to an organic, guitar driven sound unheard since 2003's 'Love Metal.' [Nov 2007, p.170]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Though it's pretty easy to be the best band in their self-created genre of 'love metal', if you can ignore the cartoon goth twaddle that comes out of Valo's mouth, you'll find an extremely well-executed pop-metal album underneath."
Rolling Stone,60,"The melodies tend toward the lush, while underneath, Valos bandmates rock with fury and efficiency, ensuring that all the heartbroken laments are badass enough for hardcore metalheads. Not a bad trick."
Under The Radar,60,"With every album that he writes HIM mainman Ville Valo gets closer to his dream fusion of Metallica, Depeche Mode and Ozzy, while still remembering to add some distinctly gothic beauty. [Oct 2007, p.93]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Their chart-friendly clothes fit them well. [Oct 2007, p.98]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The experimentation pays off."

Spin,80,"At times it's hilarious, especially the song openings, which evoke poodle-rock heroes in mock affection, but the tracks then go somewhere inconceivably cool, twisting, shimmering and generally rocking in drool-worthy style."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"What keeps Bitchin' from being more fun than Tommy Lee and Pamela Anderson's sex tape is Jay Ruston's production job. [Nov 2007, p.170]"
Q Magazine,60,"the Donnas once rocked as if they were tanked to the gills but they now sound like they're playing with ferocious hangovers they just can't shake--and it's hard to have a good party if the threat of the morning after hangs over the whole affair."
Stylus Magazine,60,"While superbly recorded and at times a hoot to crank (largely for the shameless rips of Kiss, Joan Jett and Def Leppard), Bitchin' is too light on hooks."
Spin,60,"Bitchin' offers little you haven't heard before--even if you haven't heard a Donnas record--but it should go well with a beer or six."
AllMusic,60,"Especially on the Thin Lizzy-esque 'What Do I Have To Do?' and the irresistible 'Wasted,' they sparkle. At other times, though--the unloveable 'Here For The Party' and childish 'Girl Talk'--these four 28-year-olds still think they're in high school.  [Nov 2007, p.137]"
Blender,60,"It's business as usual. [Nov 2007, p.98]"
Alternative Press,50,"The Donnas get the ball into the red zone from time to time on Bitchin', but they never really score."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The Donnas have never seemed less enthused; none of the 14 tracks contains a melody as catchy or a beat as pumping as those on 'Spend the Night' or 'Gold Medal.' [Oct 2007, p.99]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Only real problem is that the foursome tend to write the same songs over and over again, this time thinly veiled in arena- and hair-metal swagger, but still too similar structurally to sound like they've challenged themselves."
Uncut,40,"The entire album sounds like a half-hearted compromise between what the group was and what the group wants to become."
Q Magazine,40,"Like so many 80s rockers of old, from Y&T to Lita Ford, the Donnas attempt at an accessible sound has come at the expense of what made them so appealing in the first place."
NOW Magazine,25,"The music is the same. As immediate and worthy as some of these songs are, the chugging guitars and oar-bank handclaps and background HEY!s don't sound like the work of a band that really likes this music and wishes it'd been around to make it at the time and probably deserved to be, the way the Donnas' old jailbait anthems could; they sound like bad one-liners."
musicOMH.com,20,"Go on, drink whiskey from the bottle, see if I care. But when youre done, dont jump around like gracelessly ageing Bratz dolls playing late-era Kiss and think youre a blistering she-Crue."

Alternative Press,80,"His mystical belief in the power of love pervades the material, sometimes anthemically, sometimes playfully, but always disarmingly. [Oct 2007, p.96]"
AllMusic,75,"By the end of the 13-track disc, Lee's unwaveringly hopeful message starts to sound preachy. But if it works for him, well, maybe hes onto something."
Billboard,70,"Ripe isn't all that different than 'Awake Is the New Sleep,' but it's no worse: it's equally entertaining and endearing, a modest pleasure that's a pleasure all the same."
Rolling Stone,70,"Ripe rides a similar vibe to 2005's 'Awake Is the New Sleep': quick-and-dirty pop melodies polished with chiming guitars, piano fills, and Lee's exuberant, boyish vocals."
Q Magazine,60,"Slower tracks such as 'Just Say Yes' and 'Blush' veer too close to blandness, though the power chords of 'Sex Without Love' and humorous idolatry of 'What Would Jay-Z Do?' revitalise. [Nov 2007, p.141]"
Uncut,50,"Occasionally, Lee's wit triumphs over his predictability. [Oct 2007, p.106]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Ripe is a disappointingly bland affair. None of the songs have any edge to them, the tunes are predictable and the lyrics are mundane."
Spin,30,"Instead of infectious innovation, on Ripe the audience is served a mostly useless platter of fluff pieces, wittiness minus the wit, and hooks that flail aimlessly through the air around them."
NOW Magazine,30,"The twelve songs here drip with coatings of sentiment and sparkly instrumentation that are saccharine and plastic."
Pitchfork,30,"Granted, much of the blandness might well be attributed to producer John Alagia, who perfected the approach with the likes of Dave Matthews and John Mayer, but production aside, the songs here are just dull."

PopMatters,80,"The Pixies' alter ego alludes to Brood either candidly or implicitly in all 11 songs, veering far from the Nashville-and-Memphis tones of the last two Black albums for a return trip to his raucous roots."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Erstwhile Pixies frontman/rock'n'roll lifer Charles Thompson is back for another round, this time reclaiming his 'old' stage name Black Francis and rocking out harder on record than he has in years."
Hot Press,80,"Bluefinger marks an artistic rebirth for the king of quiet/loud. [Sep 2007, p.110]"
Uncut,80,"It's far and away the finest record Frank Black has produced in a long time, and shows that it's time for the old pretenders to show the new pretenders a thing or two about writing a rock song."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Add an ability to string lyrical and musical narratives together to create a complete whole and Bluefinger should serve as yet another highlight in an already stellar body of work."
AllMusic,80,"Like much of Francis' most compelling work, the album is a mediation on a muse. [Fall 2007, p.96]"
Amazon.com,75,"Bluefinger achieves something more admirable than a return to form--it reconciles two decades' worth of forms and revisits an older self without undoing the growth that followed."
Q Magazine,70,"Attaching the Black Francis moniker to this album might ratchet up expectations too high for rabid Pixies fans, but Bluefinger is a good Charles Thompson album--it's still really enjoyable to hear him have fun and rock out, no matter what name he chooses to use."
Spin,70,"Bluefinger is probably the sprightliest solo collection of songs Frank Black has recorded to date."
musicOMH.com,70,"Bluefinger is, then, a simple, accessible and enjoyable album of rock and blues by a formidable artist rediscovering his scream while maintaining his cultured songwriting abilities."
Lost At Sea,70,"The unlikely, ghoulish inspiration of a dead Dutch pop star has forced Pixies' frontman Frank Black into making his finest album since the demise of his influential '90s alt.rockers."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Black Francis' ability to explore familiar themes in a spastic, unfettered manner continues to remind us that uniqueness is not simply skin deep."
Paste Magazine,70,"On Bluefinger, it sounds like the Pixies' fantastic reunion shows have allowed Black to finally shed his ambivalence about rocking out. So he does."
Amazon.com,66,"Bluefinger is the best overall solo record Black has released in a long time, but it's still only good, not great."
Billboard,65,"Bluefinger is catchy in spots but ultimately forgettable."
Mojo,60,"At 11 songs, it doesn't wear out its welcome, but you can't help but feel that this is the bastard Pixies album that might have been. [Summer 2007, p.72]"
No Ripcord,60,"Charles Thompson has fittingly made an album that sounds more like the Pixies than any of his previous solo efforts. [Oct 2007, p.96]"
NOW Magazine,60,"This sounds more like the Pixies than any of Francis' other solo albums. [Oct 2007, p.83]"
Magnet,60,"'Treshold Apprehension' features his best screaming since the Pixies' heyday, while 'Test Pilot Blues' and 'Your Mouth Into Mine' capture his imagination at its padded-cell best. [Oct 2007, p.94]"

The A.V. Club,91,"Oakley Hall's almost indescribably transcendent quality burns through in songs like 'All The Way Down,' which rides amplified waves of fiery guitar and tuneful wailing, while evoking the reassuring fellowship of church camp."
AllMusic,80,"The slight psychedelic divergences and other assorted flourishes keep the album interesting, but theyre not enough in the forefront to make Oakley Hall come off like some permutation of psych-rock."
Hot Press,80,"The range is fantastic but never jarring."
musicOMH.com,80,"Though Oakley Hall's songs aren't catchy enough to be instantly familiar, I'll Follow You possesses a sound rich enough to warrant listening until they are."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"That's what we get with much of the album--quintessential Oakley Hall, with brillant guitar tones and interplay, painstaking harmonies, a swirling attack, and an aggressive take on dour country songwriting. [Summer 2007, p.76]"
Paste Magazine,80,"As skilled as they are, they also know when to just let their simple art stay focused, and it's this sort of unified variety that makes I'll Follow You a disc worth going after."
Rolling Stone,78,"The band seems powerful at their best moments, but may yet be too tentative to really grab hold of their own work."
Pitchfork,72,"Ill Follow You is a pleasant enough halfway point for a respite."
Prefix Magazine,70,"I'll Follow You is a record that shows off the diversity of Oakley Hall's palette, country and folk and rock, equally important and equally imposed, and because of this, something worth listening to."
Under The Radar,70,"Their hard-bitten Calvinist worry and storm-a-brewing' guitar tangle feel earthier than most back-to-the-land hipster escapism, especially when threshed out by roundhouse drummer Greg Anderson. [Sep 2007,p.129]"
Spin,70,"The only misteps are when Oakley Hall drifts into more straight-forward terrain. [Fall 2007, p.106]"
Uncut,69,"'Rue the Blues' is easily the most euphoric thing here, with that banjo-tuned-guitar, um, pickin' up a storm, I guess, and Sullivan opening his throat when he sings."
Q Magazine,60,"Patrick Sullivan and company hint at broader possibilities on their fourth album, verging on a nasty ZZ Top-like boogie in 'No Dreams,' and tiptoeing into funk on the crunchy rocker 'Alive Among Thieves.' [Oct 2007, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Sullivan and Cox are attentive enough to make room for understated fiddler Claudia Mogel, who keeps the bands country flame burning when they flail and strut. None of this, though, is enough to strip the album of a staleness and fatigue"

Dusted Magazine,90,"It's about the best a studio grime album can be."
NOW Magazine,81,"With Playtime Is Over Wiley is finally living up to his reputation by achieving consistency without becoming mediocre; delivering a steady, honed set that's sharp enough to split flesh from bone."
Paste Magazine,80,"Across the album, there is not much advancement production-wise, yet there is just enough contrast that it does not make like Treddin' on More Thin Ice."
Under The Radar,80,"It's honest, intense, funny, furious, and on 'Letter 2 Dizzee'--an olive branch to his estranged protege--tear-jerkingly poignant."
PopMatters,75,"Playtime Is Over is exactly what we've come to expect from the garage sound of grime. It isn't trying to be anything it's not."
Lost At Sea,75,"Playtime is Over, Wiley's third album, is full of tunes long on hookcraft considering their thrifty origins."
Filter,69,"Wiley has kept his formula mostly intact: skittering, hiccuping bounce rhythms, synths that sound like a turbocharged Super Nintendo with a subwoofer attached, and a manic, borderline-toasting flow that plows through everything in its path."
AllMusic,60,"Playtime Is Over is miles forward from the Wiley of 'Wot U Call It' and 'Who Ate All the Pies' but it sits uneasily behind Sway's One For the Journey and Kano's The Mixtape projects"
Blender,60,"Beatwise, Playtime culls Wiley's best dubs from the last year, with tracks like 'Bow E3' and '50/50' flexing textbook mastery over grime's sludgy polyrhythm."
Magnet,60,"Wiley only occassionally departs from the script. [Oct 2007, p.112]"
Pitchfork,50,"As it stands, though, Wiley's third album is less inspired sign-off than something of an empty accomplishment."
Spin,40,"Just cold, robotic electro beats with Wiley's aggressive cockney flows on the usual subjects."

Stylus Magazine,100,"This album is not only the bands most solid and consummate release to date, not merely one of the most veritable albums 2007 has delivered to us--but also, truly, one of the top albums in the past five years of indie rock history."
Playlouder,90,"Whereas the band's 2004 long-player was a studied exercise in melancholic understatement, melded to some mightily addictive pop hooks, this ten-tracker is an immediately gratifying affair that pulls not a single punch in the catchiness stakes."
cokemachineglow,83,"Theres usually more than meets the ear about their aural illusions, and theyve gotten more overt about sticking in some genuine pop missives into their lattices of clean guitars and metronomic drums."
AllMusic,80,"Autumn represents Pinback's strongest album to date. [Oct 2007, p.162]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It is a snapshot of Pinback at its most practiced and self-aware: fluid, calculated, penetrating, yet always at the fringe of its former incarnation."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Autumn of the Seraphs is some of their punchiest work, packed with euphoric melodies, wry lyricism and subtly enhanced grooves. [Oct 2007, p.99]"
Lost At Sea,80,"A tremendously melodic and catchy sensibility. [Summer 2007, p.76]"
Pitchfork,80,"The rest of Autumn Of The Seraphs sounds a bit more meticulous, though it's self-assured in its footing."
musicOMH.com,80,"For the first time, theyve refined that obsession into something listeners can sink their teeth into."
Urb,78,"If there's a gripe to be had with them, it's that a surface listen reveals a whole lot of lovely tones and not much else, and Autumn of the Seraphs is just as uniformly gorgeous and tasteful as any Pinback record."
Spin,75,"The band has crafted yet another delicate indie-pop bauble. Finely spun as it is, there's a hint of sinew."
PopMatters,70,"Pinback don't disappoint with their fourth record, Autumn of the Seraphs."
NOW Magazine,70,"Yet good songs alone do not a spectacular album make.  Autumn of the Seraphs shows no major songwriting leaps at all, but its still a fine indie-rock LP."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"One cant declare Autumn of the Seraphs, Pinbacks fourth full-length, any better than their first, second, or third album."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Opener 'From Nothing to Nowhere' also makes the case that Pinback's ready for some new fans: It's fast and furious, nicely setting a tempo that suggests they're not fucking around while conveying a (much-needed) immediacy through Rob Crow's voice."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Several songs near the end go on too long, content to just keep repeating riffs over and over. Still, when Autumn is on point, it offers some of Pinback's best tunes yet."
Alternative Press,70,"Autumn Of The Seraphs is more of the same I have come to expect from Pinback--lovely harmonies and catchy hooks, all with an underlying emotional depth."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Too many perfectly good songs that never quite approach greatness. [Oct 2007, p.108]"
Mojo,58,"The album is frontloaded with its best numbers, and they seem to descend in quality as the album progresses."

Under The Radar,90,"Its one of the richest and most satisfying of his storied career."
NOW Magazine,90,"North Start Deserter, however, is in a class of its own."
Magnet,80,"On North Star Deserter, the musicians working with Vic Chesnutt serve as collaborators rather than simple accompanists, and they've truly brought out the best in one another; this is powerful, adventurous music that's as challenging as it is beautiful, and ranks with Chesnutt's finest work to date."
Pitchfork,80,"North Star Deserter is serious music, and commands a certain amount of attention."
The A.V. Club,80,"The surging crescendos and improv freedom give his wordy songs a refreshing dynamic that could gain the 41-year-old folk troubadour an entirely new audience."
AllMusic,80,"On his 11th album, this musician's musician once again finds a coterie of like minds--Fugazi's Guy Picciotto, members of Godspeed You! Black Emperor--to help turn chronic disquiet into disturbingly palpable dread-folk."
PopMatters,80,"The [guest] musicians have the good sense to know when to let Chesnutt's dry-leaf vocals and muted acoustic guitar carry the songs, and when to swell up and bring heightened Gothic intensity to the feelings of melancholy and dread. [Oct 2007, p.55]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"North Star Deserter marks Chesnutt's eleventh full-length and proves he still knows how to craft a masterpiece. [Fall 2007, p.78]"
Village Voice,76,"The more succinct songs on North Star Deserter sound like a return to the dark woods after years in the city."
Billboard,70,"Chesnutt has created something earthy and beautiful with North Star Deserter and at this point, its difficult to imagine another singer/songwriter bettering it this year."
Lost At Sea,60,"As ever, North Star Deserter doesn't pull many punches, with the bare-boned 'Warm' making the starkest of openers. [Oct 2007, p.94]"
Spin,60,"North Star Deserter is among his finest, sublimating Chesnutt's occasional tendency to cloying whimsy in gothic folk backdrops. [Oct 2007, p.87]"
cokemachineglow,60,"North Star Deserter is unrestrained and always affecting. [Nov 2007, p.106]"

PopMatters,100,"Liars might have moved a little more towards the mainstream, but they're still a long, long way from easy listening."
Tiny Mix Tapes,92,"Liars is an ingenuous reflection of a band in total control of their wild creativity."
AllMusic,90,"Far more accessible than anything the act have produced in recent years, Liars shifts perceptions in the way most have come to expect, but with the dense conceptual themes and boundaries limited it is as if they have met most listeners halfway only to lure them back into their own sordid comfort zone, littered with the contents of a fifteen-year-old's bedroom."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Liars wanders wherever it wants to, touching on noise, prog, hard rock, punk, industrial and other styles the band has flirted with in the past, as well as a few uncharted ones.... In a lesser band's hands, this kaleidoscopic approach could be a muddled mess, but it makes for Liars' most entertaining album yet."
NOW Magazine,85,"If it doesn't quite confound like 'They Were Wrong' or thrill like 'Drum's Not Dead,' Liars still finds the band ignoring whatever you thought you wanted or needed from them, and doing what they damn well please."
Spin,84,"The bands self-titled fourth record takes only seconds to signal the triumphant homecoming of the guitar."
The Wire,83,"If Liars have reached the post-masterpiece phase of their career where they hone their craft to a needles point, Liars is an absolutely brilliant jump-off."
Under The Radar,83,"For Liars, forgoing heady concepts and willful obtuseness--embracing rock music instead of deconstructing it--may actually be the boldest move yet."
Pitchfork,80,"You could accuse Liars of abandoning all of their high-art concepts and otherworldly thoughts so they could secure their place on a tour of America's enormodomes with Interpol. Well, you could if this album wasn't so perfect."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Liars is only marginally easier to get into then 'Drums Not Dead'--but something has to be said for an album being enjoyable, and on that scale, Liars is another monumental leap forward. [Summer 2007, p.74]"
Q Magazine,80,"The band recalibrates toward rock structures but doesn't ditch the textures and sound experimentation of the recent past, resulting in songs with sonic depth and focus. [Sep/Oct 2007, p.129]"
Uncut,80,"'Leather Prowler' is as dank and industrial as you'd hope--but the emphasis is now on songwriting. [Sep 2007, p.112]"
Mojo,80,"Each track bears the sound of a confident, secure band of artists who now know they are ready for prime-time, and can weather the onslaught of attention without compromise."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"As it stands, Liars is an appropriately titled, highly worthwhile piece of work that the band and any of its fans should be extremely proud of."
Lost At Sea,80,"The stylistic buffet has enough strength to survive a handful of duds."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A masterpiece? No. Disturbingly solid noise? Sure."
AllMusic,80,"The group's self-titled fourth album may be the maverick trio's most straightforward yet. [Oct 2007, p.160]"
Pitchfork,80,"Liars might not be as singular as the bands past albums, but even a relatively normal outing from these guys is still a puzzle that takes time to solve. Rest assured, its time well spent."
Filter,70,"It's a shockingly entertaining record riddled with moody hooks.  [Sep 2007, p.128]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"'Houseclouds' is dance pop of hit-worthy catchiness and the taut, pounding 'Freak Out' puts to shame most contemporary psych outfits. [Sep 2007, p.133]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Sometimes Liars sounds like a group whose previous sonic journeying has inspired a fresh look at the familiar. All too often, however, it's as though, having stepped outside the confines of conventional song, they can never believe in it enough to return. [Sep 2007, p.56]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Too cool for school? Maybe. But if Liars arent anybodys idea of easy listening, by gum, theyre never dull, and for that, we salute them."
Under The Radar,67,"The Brooklyn trio's fourth album has made it out of the terrible twos, and growing pains have produced a curious pastiche."
Urb,63,"Liars is all about that Liars blueprint, and in that sense the album can get redundant."
Mojo,60,"They have turned in their most conventional set of songs yet. [Sep 2007. p.95]"
PopMatters,40,"The lack of a unifying theme on this particular album leaves their past influences far downstream and without a paddle."
Sputnikmusic,30,"They have built up a group of songs so restless and unsatisfying that a group of teenagers with the proper training could have made them, or likely something better."

Prefix Magazine,83,"Lifeline thankfully favors songs over jamming, but there's a casual profundity to tunes like 'Fight Outta You' and 'Say You Will' that a more complicated process might've squelched. Just add applause."
Village Voice,80,"It's a beautifully composed disc that Harper fans should love -- and it should also convince boomers, especially, that there's still great new music out there."
Alternative Press,80,"More satisfying than its predecessor, Lifeline is a classic-sounding album that reminds us of the power and beauty of simplicity."
Paste Magazine,80,"The bare-bones production style of Lifeline is practically experimental by today's standards, and it's a testament to Harper that he and his band could record a stellar album using outdated technology in a fraction the time it took to create most of the albums currently on Billboard's Top 40."
Blender,80,"An album which on occasion fails to inspire ends with a sense of unbridled pleasure."
Spin,80,"Lifeline is a classy record that never outstays its welcome. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
The Wire,75,"These 11 tracks are mostly mellow and melodic, with some Otis Redding-style come-ons"
Hot Press,70,"Whether or not you prefer the rowdier version of Harper and his band, it is inarguable that this recording is a concentrated effort coming down on the side of a couple of musical notions that weave together artfully and meaningfully."
Austin Chronicle,70,"It's not that less is more--only that, in that moment, less is perfect."
cokemachineglow,60,"Lifeline is a commanding, unjammy take on gospel-influenced rock, featuring his most spiritual singing since 2004's Grammy-winning collaboration with the Blind Boys of Alabama."
Q Magazine,60,"Harper sounds hardly inspired even in a city like Paris, and his homage to past artists sounds like cheap imitation more than anything."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"They occasionally slip into derivative territory, Beggars Banquet-era Stones in particular, but strong solo material saves Lifeline near the end."
Dusted Magazine,60,"His most impressive feat is that the whole thing never once descends into Kravitz-sytle pastiche. [Dec 2007, p.116]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"There isn't a bad song on the record, but neither is there a particularly good one."

Boston Globe,91,"When the guests fall back on what's always worked well enough, Galactic seems to take that as a challenge, and takes enough risks to make it sound a little fresher."
Billboard,86,"This digitized voodoo funk makes the Meters look like the goddamned glee club, and yall know the Neville Brothers aint never gotten Juvenile and Chali 2na to collaborate on the same record."
Hartford Courant,80,"Suddenly with these [guest MCs] additions, a sound that felt dusty and dilapidated is now exuberant. [Sep 2007, p.137]"
musicOMH.com,80,"There are a few hot instrumental numbers, but most of this is your favourite undergrounders (add Ladybug Mecca and Z-Trip to the list above) doing their thing over bangin' live funk beats with ace production."
Mojo,70,"Corner is sort of like ['Ruckus''] older cousin, as it finds Galactic enlisting a monster guest list of MCs to rock over its densest grooves to date. You'd think the results would vary more than they do."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Their latest work is a twist--guest MCs on charging rhythms that are not quite tunes. Results vary."
AllMusic,70,"Galactic complement these inspired contributions [from guest rappers] with chunky wah-wah guitars, chugging rhythms, and beats so tightly action-packed that they could be the soundtrack to a sleek Hollywoood crime frolic. [Sep 2007, p.129]"
Rolling Stone,70,"There are gems and duds, but overall this is a fine and successful experiment that'll kick-start any social gathering. [Oct 2007, p.172]"
Spin,60,"What begins brillantly gets dismal to the point where it lacks the eclectic Cajun spice, a taste definitely required to stew up a truly heady gumbo. [Sep 2007, p.128]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"A bevy of worthy underground rappers (Mr. Lif, The Coup's Boots Riley, Lyrics Born, and Lateef The Truthspeaker among them) struggle to distinguish themselves over the mid-tempo bootyshake churning around them."
NOW Magazine,50,"Maybe Galactic is best as just an instrumental band, or maybe they need a new vocalist (the last one split a couple of years ago), or maybe they just need to pick more interesting hip-hop artists to work with. Any way you slice it, though, this album just isn't getting it done."
Q Magazine,40,"Too much of the rest--an urgent Mr. Lif aside--is seriously lacking in flavour. [Apr 2008, p.112]"

Prefix Magazine,83,"Their best since 1999's 'Issues.'"
The A.V. Club,80,"Korn is one step closer to crafting an album built for arenas and headphones alike."
Filter,70,"In setting aside its trademark sound, Korn hasnt yet replaced it with something of its own, but at least the band is working on it."
Vibe,60,"The California band's doomy gothic arias sound unsettling and bold once more. [Sep 2007, p.91]"
NOW Magazine,60,"While his band's skeletal, rattling rhythms, swollen with synthesizer and studio ornamentation, feel more multidimensional than ever, Davis is most compelling when he retreats into the third person to describe an unnamed, uninspired singer with a 'dumb-ass song' ('Ever Be')."
Billboard,50,"This album sounds like his band's final aria--the death scene."
Rolling Stone,50,"Much of the music bears little resemblance to the down-tuned chug-and-glug found on the band's early records."
Spin,50,"Korn's eighth is actually an interesting listen; as diverse as the witless art of nu-metal gets. That doesn't mean it's good. It merely leaves us with a numbing dilemma: we want to hate it, but we can't."
Alternative Press,50,"Its neither poor enough to warrant a panning, nor progressive enough to deserve praising to a degree where recommendation to absolute beginners is necessary."
Urb,50,"What the world needs now is love, sweet love. Instead we get a new Korn album. Oh well."
Paste Magazine,40,"Which may make it a change of pace for Korn, but it sure doesn't break them out of their midlife slump--if anything, it exacerbates it."
PopMatters,40,"This self-titled sounds like Korn trying to play watered-down nu-Korn, or Nine Inch Nails, or, if such prestigious tie-ins really do exist here, it's in such a heavy-handed and amateurish way that the former artists would probably run a mile from it."
Q Magazine,40,"Korn feel tired, bland and dated."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Most bizarre are the contributions of studio drummer Terry Bozzio, known for his work with Frank Zappa, who, despite his reputation as one of rock's most talented stick men, fails to sound heavy, menacing or even relatively interesting."
Billboard,40,"Even with precisely triggered drums and sensuously distorted bass lines, the band seems stuck in place. [Sep 2007, p.138]"
The New York Times,25,"Untitled should make no sense to any sentient being older than 18, but that isn't ageism, it's practical marketing"

Q Magazine,100,"Fur and Gold announces Natasha Khan's Bat For Lashes as a talent impossible to ignore and beguiling to behold, an album that, time and again, plucks one away from the mundane and offers a bewitching alternative galaxy of delights."
Blender,91,"The U.K. sensation weaves her tales of wizards, horses and magic in a warm bearskin coat of Kate Bush sensibilities, piano playing thatll bring you to tears and instruments that only real musicians understand, like the harpsichord."
Rolling Stone,91,"Fur is, indeed gold. [17 Aug 2007, p.73]"
Village Voice,88,"The collection offers a fresh take on England's druid-rock legacy, blending electronics with the elemental skin and seeds of drums and shakers in a sound that's both atmospheric and richly textured."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Bat For Lashes' debut, Fur And Gold, is an album that delivers the listener from any form of humdrum existence into a deeper realm of dream and dementia."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Closing with a bonus cover of Bruce Springsteen's 'I'm On Fire' ends things on an uninspired, Tori Amos-like note, but by then, most will be too far under Khan's spell to notice."
Hot Press,80,"Bat for Lashes' music feels like some lost specter that has fortuitously wandered into your home and can't help but haunt you."
AllMusic,80,"An entrancing, wonderfully surprising record which manages to feel both refreshing new and strangely timeless."
PopMatters,80,"Even though Khan's music is not yet as ambitious as [Kate] Bush's best work, it has enough arresting moments and unique beauty to suggest that Khan is an indie songwriter and chanteuse to watch."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Despite her ear for meditative melodies, however, her most complex arrangements are usually her best. [Summer 2007, p.72]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Lyrically, Khan really cuts loose, switching from everyday matters to sinister fantasies, often during the same song, and all with extraordinary confidence."
Spin,70,"Any other attempt at describing Khan's sound of Renaissance antiquity cross-pollinating with postmodernity--the trip-hop bass of 'Trophy' that riptides into the autoharp lilt of the spectral 'Tahiti,' for instance--falls woefully short of music so cleverly askew and oddly beautiful."
The A.V. Club,70,"Fur and Gold is not the greatest album of the 2007, but its certainly the most breathtaking."
musicOMH.com,67,"Fur and Gold is admittedly not as strong and cohesive a record as 'Wind in the Wires.' At its finest, though, it does show off a rare talent for haunting and evocative songwriting."
Filter,65,"Fur & Gold sounds a little bit too comfortable for its own good. Khan is a great singer, and her band is undoubtedly competent and capable, but the record sounds like it wants to be more than it is."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"The band's smartest and most mature-sounding album yet."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Its growth feels genuine and, unlike Sum 41's punk peers, its musical maturation doesn't come at the expense of that all-important snotty 'tude."
Hot Press,75,"Much of Hero is bogged down by piano, strings, even lyrics in French. [27 Jul 2007, p. 65]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The result is a bigger, slicker record laced with potent 'American Idiot'-style Bush-bashing, a handful of emo-heavy relationship ballads, and very few surprises. [Sep 2007, p.138]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Underclass Hero is a perfectly workable North American punk rock album. Its got melodic suss and a snotty attitude to its credit, but not much else."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Underclass Hero they've gone straight for the commercial mother lode, pitching their sound almost equidistantly between 'The Black Parade' and 'American Idiot' (insert your own 'parade of idiots' gag here).... If you already own those albums, why waste your time with this?"
Boston Globe,40,"Underclass Hero is ingratiating enough as background musicit's hooky enough to have momentum but not enough to linger in the memorybut they've never sounded quite so toothless and it's all down to this increased ambition."
Under The Radar,40,"Melodrama drags down several cuts, including the absentee-dad lament 'Dear Father,' and in some form or another, you've heard all these songs before."
Urb,40,"How poignantly they express their inarticulate messages through Blink-182 rip-offs and recycled versions of their own material."
Prefix Magazine,40,"The band simply have no idea how to write what they want."
PopMatters,20,"Sentiments are rendered as blandly as lazy graffiti tags, with the music accompanying them as bold and portentous as a light shower."
Stylus Magazine,20,"Underclass Hero tries its best to be profound and musically challenging, however its only success is found, without exception, in the tracks which drop the pretense entirely and return to the formula which made the group popular to begin with."

Pitchfork,90,"The sequencing is what makes this disc such a divine pleasure: we get to hear a band grow from grinning upstarts to tension-battered road warriors."
The A.V. Club,80,"'Tell Me Where It Hurts' is an undeniable sign that, despite their extended hiatuses and internal turmoil, Garbage is very much alive with ideas and ambition."
Billboard,80,"It's a deserved retrospective, and serves a reminder of how, in the mid 1990s, the band had album buyers eating out of the palms of their hands."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Absolute Garbage makes a fine reminiscence, a gift from a party that was fun for its time but left a nasty hangover."
Spin,70,"The only thing lacking after the debut were the pop songs. This was evident with each successive proper album, but this flaw is put into too sharp of a relief on Absolute Garbage."
Hot Press,70,"This set combines the best of the best for a mostly killer no-filler collection [Summer 2007, p. 88]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Far better than the Cranberries in retrospect. [Sep/Oct 2007, p.131]"
AllMusic,60,"The bonus disc of dance remixes merely piles another layer of fastidiousness atop the already epically fussed-over tracks. [2007 Aug, p.120]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Remarkably extending to 18 tracks, Absolute traces the discography from the wide-screen Mary Chain of 'Only Happy When It Rains' to the Bond theme 'The World Is Not Enough' and the Spectorish strings of this years comeback, 'Tell Me Where it Hurts'--though 2001s cute 'Androgyny' is an odd omission."
NOW Magazine,60,"The chronological running order of Absolute Garbage is also unfortunate as it renders the CD impotent halfway through."
PopMatters,53,"The band's seemingly desperate to reinvigorate their cultural cachet, but Absolute Garbage's latter half emphasizes the depths they've fallen."
The Guardian,40,"Imagine a grouchy, surly-lipped teenager who becomes someone devilishly, deliciously dramatic. Then age does wither them, and the years don't half bloody condemn them."

Sputnikmusic,80,"The disc proves Anastasio doesn't need his old bandmates to sizzle, but ought to get back to doing what he does best: kicking out the jams."
PopMatters,80,"The album revels in roiling percussion, chirpy horns and extended, ecstatic solos."
Slant Magazine,80,"The bottom line is that The Horseshoe Curve becomes--perhaps unintentionally--one of the finest moments of Anastasio's post-Phish solo career. This one is absolutely essential not only for his fans, but for anyone interested in any of the above musics. A must."
musicOMH.com,70,"The Horseshoe Curve offers few surprises."
Stylus Magazine,60,"There's some good music here for fans of the jazzed, Afro-Cuban funk sound that the Trey Anastasio Band lineup is known for."
AllMusic,50,"Most of the time, Anastasio chills in the background, letting the horn section log play time on tracks such as 'Burlap Sack and Pumps.' This makes for a record that's alternately brainy and backgroundy--the arrangements are sharp, but the flute solos (particularly on the title track, recorded at a 2002 Pittsburgh show) bring 'Anchorman' to mind."

Under The Radar,91,"Young Modern is a polished glam-rock suite, boasting more ecstatic melodies and colorful riffs than their four previous efforts combined."
Urb,90,"Young Modern is a highly ambitious work that happily jumps from glam rock to sweeping orchestral pastiches and almost everywhere in between."
Blender,88,"Johnss stylistic schizophrenia might set you off here; even his singing on Young Modern changes from cut to cut. Everyone else: dig in--this thing is quite a feast."
Uncut,80,"The entire album is seamless and offers new facets with each listen."
Drowned In Sound,80,"They are aggressively modern in the long reach of Young Modern."
Pitchfork,70,"It is not as good as the ARIA awards will undoubtedly make it out to be but still one of the better mainstream listens of the year."
The Guardian,30,"Young Modern displays a band with the talent to do something new, but without the guts to try."

Billboard,80,"It's prototypical Warped tour rock - but, to be fair, at the top level of that particular realm, with thoughtful lyrics and tightly crafted guitar arrangements."
The New York Times,80,"Unsurprisingly, the lyrics are direct and honest, while they've broadened their sonic palette to allow a tad more dissonance in with their urgent and propulsive pop-punk."
AllMusic,70,"O pure musical terms they're more gripping than many of their peers, displaying a restless sense of musicality that often makes Paper Walls interesting even if means they can stray toward areas that are just a shade too indulgent for their own good."
Boston Globe,60,"As a whole, the album is a well-executed pop punk album and shows that Yellowcard are better than the average band."
PopMatters,60,"They return to the infectious anthems that made them Warped Tour headliners. [Aug 2007, p.110]"
Rolling Stone,50,"A CD teeming with punchy choruses and crunchy guitars that are so five years ago."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Throughout Paper Walls, band members work themselves into laughable tizzies of teen angst, propelled by Key's capable-but-whiney voice and his bandmates' capable-but-generic uptempo rock."


AllMusic,83,"Three Easy Pieces, the first album by a reunited Buffalo Tom, is arguably the band's second-best record."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The melodies still rumble with elegance. The choruses are instantly unforgettable. And the band's original members--Maginnis, Bill Janovitz (guitar/vocals), and Chris Colbourn (bass/vocals) - remain intact and chillingly in synch."
Amazon.com,80,"Dont fetch the gurney just yet. Seems Buffalo Tom still has a few good ones left in em."
Rolling Stone,80,"If the Replacements were to release an album stuffed with vital performances of stylishly crafted roots rock like those on Three Easy Pieces, it would be hailed as the comeback of the century."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Neither too mature (i.e. boring), nor too desperately age-defying (i.e. embarrassing), Three Easy Pieces potently reenergizes older Tom trademarks as well as imprinting a few new ones."
PopMatters,70,"It's far from their best work, yet from the fuzzy lollop of the title track to the reverb-drenched 'Pendleton,' it reaffirms that not only are Buffalo Tom one of America's great lost bands, but that real estate's loss is rock'n'roll's gain."
Billboard,70,"Three Easy Pieces is the sort of reunion album that happened for the right reasons - because these players still work well together and have good songs to share - and anyone who ever cared about this frequently underrated band will want to hear them in this impressive return to form."
Amazon.com,70,"A sparkling return to form for a band regarded by many as the great lost hope of the early 90s."
AllMusic,70,"Three Easy Pieces is a stone-faced ringer for Buffalo Toms heyday, but its by no means a retread of the past."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's really rather good."
Spin,70,"Although Buffalo Tom will certainly never set the music world aflame with their lyrical content, Three Easy Pieces proves that getting old never sounded so good."

Entertainment Weekly,91,"Sirens is the sound of a freshly liberated songwriter scouring his soul - and coming up full-handed."
Boston Globe,80,"This is a remarkably mature and impressive debut from an artist who seems like he's just getting started and his best stuff lies ahead of him."
The A.V. Club,80,"Isbell's best songs will remind you of Richard Buckner, Raymond Carver, and Neil Young."
Amazon.com,80,"The record smoothly lures and detours familiar, '70s-based rock-blues-country sounds and expectations while highlighting Isbell's character-actor flair."
Magnet,80,"Overall, Sirens may be a bit of a stylistic scattershot, but the Muscle Shoals foundation and Isbells razor-sharp songwriting mark it  as an auspicious debut."
NOW Magazine,80,"The simpler arrangements suit Isbell on songs with an understated but unmistakable Southern rock flair."
Delusions of Adequacy,74,"'The Devil Is My Running Mate' a weak ending for a strong debut full of the kind of confident, charismatic songwriting that just can't be taught."
New Musical Express (NME),73,"Sirens is no 'Heartbreaker' - though the stylistic grab-bag is reminiscent of Adamss debut - but it is a damn good start."
AllMusic,70,"Sirens sounds deceptively ordinary - it could be a Springsteen or John Hiatt record, professionally performed and plainly captured, yet executed with masterful effortlessness."
Hot Press,70,"It's all top-shelf alt-country: road-hardened, literate and dark as ever. [August 2007, p.114]"
PopMatters,70,"Given time, Isbell could be roots rock's Flannery O'Connor. [Aug 2007, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Isbell shines most when hes not channeling; tracks like 'Chicago Promenade,' 'Shotgun Wedding' and tasteful protest ballad 'Dress Blues' (which smartly chooses empathy over proselytizing) find his sound evolving into an alternately rocked-up and quietly satisfying maturity."
No Ripcord,70,"Jason Isbell, formerly of the Drive By Truckers, releases a solid, sad, gritty new album as a solo artist."
The A.V. Club,67,"Isbell has pulled together another gritty Southern Siren song."
AllMusic,40,"Isbell shows us his sensitive side in a collection of lightly strummed breakup ballads and weepy slow-dancers you'd expect to get from Ryan Adams. That's not an endorsement."

Amazon.com,91,"On Super Taranta!, the NYC-based gypsy-punk crew is as energized as ever."
Village Voice,90,"Yes, it's the relentless energy, humour and versatility which makes this record stand out and apparently their albums are merely incidental compared to their stunning live shows."
Uncut,83,"This is more like their 'Give em Enough Rope,' a perfectly fine extension of that first energy burst, one that deserved to be milked a bit."
Hartford Courant,80,"Super Taranta! is the culmination of superb musicianship, endless energy, and an inborn sense of fun and a dedication to progression and innovation, and if that's not something to celebrate and dance to, it's hard to know what is."
Pitchfork,80,"Imagine the B-52's playing a wedding in Siberia and you'll have a loose idea of what's in store on these 14 tracks."
cokemachineglow,80,"Super Taranta! is an album of such sweaty vigour, spittle-flecked passion, wide-eyed curiosity and a keen sense of the ridiculous it deserves a big fat plug on primetime telly."
PopMatters,80,"Super Taranta! is, at heart, a riotous, utterly bonkers, brilliant party album from one of the worlds greatest dance bands."
Blender,80,"Ultimately, Gogol are all about a collective euphoria that's right in the here and now."
Spin,80,"Super Taranta! is easily the groups most accomplished effort to date, and an exciting prospect of things to come."
Paste Magazine,80,"A singularly rousing gem."
Hot Press,80,"If there is such a thing as music with a hairy chest, this is it."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Super Taranta! soars for three songs before settling in to a depth-charged, raucously quotable musical and philosophical groove."
NOW Magazine,80,"Simply enjoy the band's increasingly deep groove, its rich crosscutting of violin and accordion melodies and its mastery of both Gypsycore trash and lilting Euro-reggae. [Aug 2007, p.106]"
The A.V. Club,80,"The best song on Super Taranta! is all about one bad party: the disappointed, outright funny 'American Wedding. [Aug 2007, p.111]"
Playlouder,80,"Although it doesnt attain the career-defining cumulative power of 2005's 'Gypsy Punks,' it's a broader, more intricate disc."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Super Taranta! cements further the untouchable status of Gogol Bordello."
AllMusic,70,"On this album, GB make the Dead Kennedys seem subtle. And it would be nice if there were more variety to their sound."
Billboard,70,"Beyond Htzs maniacal wail lies a bed of musicianship so textured, so emotionally captivating, it entraps you with the alluring gaze of an Eastern-block temptress under a blanket of silky unrestrained rhythm."
Dot Music,67,"Gogol suffers beneath ST!'s length and schizophrenia."
PopMatters,60,"There's plenty of fun to be had, though the relentlessness of fiddle, accordion and Hutz's roaring vocals is exhausting."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Much of the album begs to be vamped a few extra bars, to accompany a visual spectacle. [Summer 2007, p.80]"
Sputnikmusic,54,"Music this theatrical demands a stage. On disc it plays a bit like a conversation-starting party favor: colorful and bright, but no substitute for actually being there."

Observer Music Monthly,92,"I can't remember the last time a popular punk album sounded this simple, lean and ready to conquer anything in its path."
BBC collective,91,"Polysyllabic and self-aware, this is the best political punk in years."
Rolling Stone,90,"Vig both sweetens and strengthens Against Me!'s attack without sacrificing the band's innate Raggedy Andy appeal."
Spin,83,"New Wave's triumph is its ability to rise above Butch Vig's airtight alt-rock production with gruffly sung, hook-heavy songs that show a dark maturity (such as the impressionist, dreamlike 'The Ocean') while perpetuating AM's shout-along populism."
Blender,80,"New Wave is crisp, direct, and sharp. It's clean, but not glossy; it's defiant; it's brash; it's heartfelt."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Superproducer Butch Vig is around to help transform Gabels strident leftism and occasionally clumsy choruses (e.g., 'Protest Songs! In response to military aggression!') into swing-state-ready stadium rock."
Filter,80,"Their best album to date."
Amazon.com,80,"While New Wave will probably compel you to pay attention to singer Tom Gabel's rasping rants, it's still a record that's pretty damn fun to dance around to."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Its still a short, sharp shock: 10 songs, with no shortage of vehemence."
Austin Chronicle,80,"With help from name producer Butch Vig, Tom Gabel's emo-hardcore band makes them rock."
The Guardian,70,"It's easy to enjoy on a superficial level, because the music is well written and enjoyable, and lyrically it's more than I could have expected."
Under The Radar,60,"The likes of 'Americans Abroad' and 'White People For Peace' pick up where Green Day's 'American Idiot' left off, channelling righteous fury into a racket that's as vigorous as it's earnest. [Sep 2007, p.88]"
Pitchfork,55,"These are longstanding punk tropes boiled down and Vig-ed up, removed of their typical dirt sheen and bolstered by a couple extra guitar tracks."
Lost At Sea,50,"While most Against Me! fans are likely to think New Wave is inferior to their previous work--and theyre probably right--this is still an album that gets their foot in the door to the big show, and if they use it as something to build on, they can do some damage in the future."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),50,"Id argue, though, that being an expert on the groups verbose and ragged past wouldnt help all that much. This is a different sounding band with pretty much the exact same lyrical concerns."
Spin,40,"It will probably go down as their 'sell-out' record, in that it's their first for a major label."

The A.V. Club,80,"At its best, in its stoned funk and stewed grooves, theres enough to suggests they could even fulfill their early ambition to be the 'Sly and the Family Stone of Salford.' Double double good."
AllMusic,70,"This comeback effort is a huge amount of fun and a reminder that it's great that the Happy Mondays have never completely disappeared."
Blender,70,"Happy Mondays' first album since 1992's '...Yes Please!' is the sound of a damaged former addict being ushered into a studio for one last shot at the big time - before falling on his arse."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"With Uncle Dysfunktional there's no faulting the band's ambition - the music veers from country to samba to electronica - and Ryder's lascivious drawl and surreal wordplay remain intact."
NOW Magazine,50,"Uncle Dysfunktional won't compel a new generation to discover the back catalogue or question the popular depiction of the Mondays as cartoonish buffoons."
The New York Times,39,"So long as you approach Unkle Dysfunctional as little more than an excuse for Shaun Ryder to head back out on the road, I guess it works fine."
Rolling Stone,33,"A couple of times on Uncle Dysfunktional the Mondays break out of their past and attempt to come to grips with more contemporary forms, but its less than convincing."
Sputnikmusic,10,"Please, please, please ignore this album. Uncle Dysfunktional is a wretched experience. Ryder bellows his way through it all, banging on about drugs and low-life in a voice that can barely muster a tune."

Q Magazine,75,"Twilight Of The Innocents re-announces the group's commitment to melody and proves they have successfully re-ignited their creative spark."
Pitchfork,75,"Other than a few cliched song titles and lyrics (this is rock 'n' roll after all), Twilight of the Innocents actually demonstrates a refreshing maturity and breadth; sure it rocks, but never in a clumsy or callous manner."
PopMatters,71,"A few songs go a little too far with the crunching stop-start bits and displays of power, at the expense of songwriting, and the closing title track reaches too hard for a grandiosity it doesn't achieve, but otherwise, this is a good album from a band whose ability to make good albums has long been underappreciated."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Ash come close here to that which has always eluded them: an album that amounts to more than the sum of its singles."
Hot Press,70,"Twilight Of The Innocents is surprisingly, frustratingly, bafflingly good."
Uncut,70,"Energy is embedded into every spare second of Twilight of the Innocents."
musicOMH.com,60,"Whilst Ash's signature energetic punk-pop pastiches are very much in evidence in the shape of 'I Started A Fire,' 'You Can't Have It All' and 'Princess Six,' it's fair to say that they have managed to explore acres of new territory."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Despite a handful of makeweight tracks that might not exist in Ash's brave new digital world, it has the virtues of its format: cohesiveness in mood, diversity in sound."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"This is a pretty bog-standard Ash collection, nothing more, nothing less."

Dot Music,90,"You may say, with all its funky breaks and organ spells, that The Mix-Up is the last album youd expect the Beastie Boys to make; but really, it couldve been the first."
cokemachineglow,80,"The Mix-Up is the best record collection ever thoroughly digested and re-imagined by a bunch of guys in love with sound."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Maybe The Mix-Up woks simply because it does nothing terribily wrong."
Hot Press,75,"A satisfyingly uneven, agreeably overreaching hodgepodge of sounds and styles a la Hello Nasty or Ill Communication."
Hot Press,70,"The Mix Up is not a major statement, but that's the nice thing about the record: it's as personal and idiosyncratic as any old funky soul-jazz LP that you'd find deep in the crates of a second-hand record store."
Stylus Magazine,67,"The Mix-Up doesnt present anything innovative, nor is it any sort of triumphant career coda; it just sounds good."
Pitchfork,60,"The Beasties could have knocked out all twelve jams in a lazy weekend in 1992, 2007 or anywhere in between."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"'The Mix-Up' is thematically sound and feels like a comprehensive piece instead of a self-indulgent scheme. [30 Jun 2007]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Low-fi, hazy and lightweight."
PopMatters,60,"Theres very little about The Mix-Up not to like, yet theres also very little that will be remembered in five months."
musicOMH.com,60,"'The Mix-Up' is all about groove and texture, sometimes at the expense of hooks."
The Guardian,60,"The Mix-Up may not be the cure for 2004's disappointing 'To the 5 Boroughs,' but it grooves nicely in the meantime. [Summer 2007, p.79]"
Dot Music,58,"Who'd have guessed that a Beastie Boys record could be too subtle?"
Filter,50,"It's the sound of a group treading water. [Jul 2007, p.110]"
Uncut,50,"It's slight and, even at its liveliest, inconsequential. [Jul 2007, p.92]"
Vibe,50,"Its purely incidental material that goes nowhere for a dozen tracks and ends with just as much fuss as it began, i.e. none."
The A.V. Club,50,"For an album that truly has nothing to say and risks suggesting nothing more need be said, The Mix-Up sounds merely satisfactory now, but I can't wait until some turntablist uses it to drop the science."
AllMusic,50,"Tossed-off, underdone, monotonous, unfinished, and redundant maybe, but not bad."
Stylus Magazine,46,"There's a distinct lack of fun in the instrumental wankage of The Mix-Up, a bad sign for a band that has seen their results fade in direct proportion to how seriously they take themselves."
Rolling Stone,40,"There's 100 reasons to worship the Beastie Boys. But, plugging in a wah-wah pedal and writing an album of indulgent jazz-funk instrumentals is certainly not one of them."
Billboard,40,"For fans only."
The New York Times,40,"The Beasties have neither the musical chops nor the compositional skill... to hold listeners' interest for the length of an album."

PopMatters,88,"No, this is the real shit--classic lightning riffage, hearkening dub rhythms, and a perfectly insane H.R. and Co. following the great spirit to hardcore heaven"
Hartford Courant,83,"Bad Brains' most cohesive effort since the 1986 watershed I Against I. [29 Jun 2007, p.136]"
Under The Radar,80,"It doesn't stray too far from their original template but it is focused and involving."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The music? Thrilling as ever."
Blender,70,"It's surprisingly decent. [Jul 2007, p.174]"
Spin,70,"Build a Nation roars and throbs with vintage fire. [Jul 2007, p.92]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"While Bad Brains never quite match the intensity of their early days, this is easily the best record they've released since Quickness."
Slant Magazine,70,"A welcome return from a band that still doesn't sound quite like anybody else. [30 Jun 2007]"
Village Voice,69,"What torpedoes Build a Nation is the heavy cream of reverb and echo that drowns the vocals."
Pitchfork,60,"It lacks the messiness that made them so beautiful in the first place, but be glad they're still punching."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Bad Brains can still blast with ferocity, but the jarring changes in tone and tempo could prove more of a problem than the lo-fi production for many listeners."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Ultimately, however, listening to a Bad Brains record is a disjointed experience. Those expecting a 30-minute blast of frenetic punk may be put off by the occasional reggae, while those hoping for a mellow, positive reggae album may be startled by the ferocity of the bands punk tracks."

NOW Magazine,90,"With their very different moods, the London and Dublin Sessions respectively nourish two different aspects of spiritual longing: the souls yearning for a sense of reverence and awe, and its equal need for spiritual intimacy, comfort and familiarity."
Filter,60,"It smacks of compromise. [Jul 2007, p.109]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The acoustic songs are pretty but tend to run together, waltz after waltz. The London versions are more individualized, and they let Ms. OConnor push toward extremes."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Though uneven at times, Theology features a very genuine spirit of expression and much food for thought."
Boston Globe,60,"Unlike many other Christian rock albums, Theology is for the oppressed, not the oppressors."
Alternative Press,50,"Word-heavy, tune-light songs don't help... Worse, O'Connor's delicate voice can be heard puffing, straining and - horrors - singing flat!"
Spin,40,"The second record falters with a clunky combo of Celtic rock and leaden hip-hop rhythms that squashes the fragile, hook-free tunes. [Jul 2007, p.100]"
AllMusic,40,"The acoustic half... overshoots mere serenity and lands in a much sleepier place."
Billboard,40,"It's a tale of two cities that was better off reaching an accord for a single CD."
Pitchfork,20,"If you are not Jah, however, you may lack the stomach for Sinead's megasincere tributes to Curtis Mayfield and Jesus Christ Superstar."

Rolling Stone,85,"Boys Night Out and producer Lou Giordano (Sunny Day Real Estate, Paul Westerberg, Taking Back Sunday) still have taken a fragile overarching concept and pulled it off, delivering one of the strongest rock releases of the year."
NOW Magazine,80,"They seamlessly move from straight-up hardcore or punk to more traditional rock all over this record, and there's no shortage of fist-pumping anthems."
PopMatters,76,"Testing"
Hot Press,70,"Even though there certainly are a few tracks ('Swift and Unforgiving,' 'Hey, Thanks,' and 'Apartment') distinctly lacking for a little more oomph in their execution, the album's overall balance is overwhelmingly positive at the end of the day."

Uncut,83,"Translated From Love, her first in five years, is a treat in any emotional language."
The New York Times,80,"In all, it's a winner, a solid, consistently crafted 'new country' record that wears rock & roll proudly on its sleeve."
PopMatters,80,"With results that transcend category, Willis sounds like an artist renewed."
Slant Magazine,80,"Translated From Love, with its dozen songs about the resilience of love, is a kick in the pants compared to the relatively mellow 'Easy.'"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It still has the depth her fans have come to expect, but it's Willis's coolest record yet."
Spin,80,"Translated From Love utterly captures Kelly Willis' oft-wayward talent. [Oct 2007, p.115]"
Boston Globe,80,"The result is an unusual and likeable mix of country rock, rockabilly and excellent ballads. [Nov 2007, p.102]"
Austin Chronicle,67,"The honeyed twang of the Austin songbird remains a hallmark on Translated, but the songs are forged with a more mature fire and relaxed tone."
Rolling Stone,60,"Clearly, motherhood has only improved her sense of fun. [Oct 2007, p.106]"
Lost At Sea,50,"Her good taste tethers her to the old homestead on her first album since 2002, taking off only once: on an unlikely cover of Iggy Pop's 'Success.'"

NOW Magazine,80,"Purists may cry sacrilege, but the Roxy Music singer vastly improves Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues and All Along the Watchtower by imbuing their edgy agitation with his classicist pop sensibility."
Filter,80,"Ferry's systematic methodology reveals the flaws as well as the qualities of the chosen material. [Apr 2007, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"Dylanesque is a winner, succeeding both for its incongruity and its sympathy."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Ferry manages to breathe new life into [the songs] while maintaining their integrity and original purpose."
AllMusic,78,"This is hardly some bog standard run-through of Dylan classics. [#25, p.102]"
Amazon.com,75,"This is a surprisingly enjoyable outing as these things go."
PopMatters,75,"You'd think such an ardent Dylanite would choose less obvious cuts. Alas, the usual suspects appear."
Slant Magazine,75,"Nothing here is as potent as his 1973 cover of 'A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall,' but he really hears familiar songs in new ways. [29 Jun 2007, p.136]"
Uncut,70,"Far be it for the imaginative contrarian to retrace Dylan's steps, and sure enough--despite an omnipresent harmonica--Ferry does just the opposite."
Mojo,70,"Above all else, [it] once again underlines Dylan's singularly magnificent gifts as a songwriter. [Apr 2007, p.121]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Dylanesque dresses up Dylan classics for a night on the town with Avalon-style atmosphere."
Q Magazine,70,"Ferry embraces these Dylan classics... with undiluted sincerity, gently remodeling the barbed lyrics into graceful modern art. [Jul 2007, p.96]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Dylanesque is the rare album of Dylan covers that envisions the songs in unfamiliar musical settings, and it does so without sacrificing the soul of the lyrics."
The Guardian,60,"There's a tasteful shimmer over all the tracks."
Uncut,60,"No matter how careful and careworn Bry's immaculate vocal takes are, the band chug along with their muted guitar chords and thudding drums as if it were a mere run-through."
Trouser Press,60,"More hit than miss. [30 Jun 2007]"
NOW Magazine,50,"He sounds surprisingly disengaged here."
Filter,40,"He sometimes gets it right: the rare restraint of Positively 4th Street and Gates Of Eden hints at the fine album this might have been had Ferry and co given us more Dylan and less esque. [Apr 2007, p.108]"
Hot Press,20,"Dylanesque is a mess. Nearly every album has a few bright spots, but this is a lazy collection of covers that offers no insight into the catalog of one of the twentieth century's foremost songwriters."

Los Angeles Times,91,"Ever the brilliant craftsmen, Gene and Dean display a sharp eye for genre-specific details, offering just the right amounts of cheese and hooks (not to mention their trademark vulgarity) on splendidly stupid songs."
Entertainment Weekly,68,"As a summer stopgap for their new full-length this fall, Friends. works fine. The title track is quality, plus their fanbase eats this shit up."
Amazon.com,60,"In the end this is a nice EP to play and a timely release considering the season and what they're releasing it right before."
Q Magazine,52,"This record lacks a single guitar-driven rock song, instead spoofing saccharine dance-pop and exotic tropical genres."
Rolling Stone,50,"This cant be recommended for anyone but a pretty serious fan."
Spin,40,"The rest of this collection floats between funny and worthless, tending much more towards the latter by the EP's close."
PopMatters,30,"They seem to have packed up that cleverness with their Scotchgard bongs and headed straight for the wishy-washy world of adult contemporary without even knowing it."

Observer Music Monthly,100,"They continue to find some clever ways to do a pretty dumb thing. [Jul 2007, p.112]"
musicOMH.com,90,"It's exhilarating, the best rock & roll record yet released in 2007."
Billboard,90,"It sounds awesome. [Jul 2007, p.102]"
The A.V. Club,86,"It's still rebellion without destination. [#25, p.89]"
Mojo,85,"You can hear the band rediscovering its footing as one of the strangest, funniest, and best acts of the decade."
Prefix Magazine,83,"Era sounds like an effort to pull away from commercial radio and actually cultivate a smaller, indie-er fan base."
The A.V. Club,81,"Josh Homme wants Era Vulgaris to be your summer bonfire record. And with a restored aura of cockiness and predictably massive arsenal of riffage, hes once again fulfilled his goal."
cokemachineglow,80,"If Lullabies To Paralyze was a strange forest fairytale dusted with desert blues courtesy of Billy Gibbons, Era Vulgaris finds the band holed up in an abandoned funkhouse in the centre of a shady copse, waiting for some strange sexually-contracted fever to pass."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Homme's ever-catchy formula remains, but the mood is uneasy and brooding, with tracks such as 'Sick, Sick, Sick' revealing a venomous new band that's finally learned to separate business and pleasure."
Pitchfork,80,"Era Vulgaris is Homme's fifth Queens album, and like the others, it's intricately crafted, meticulously polished and ruthlessly efficient in its pursuit of depraved rock thrills."
PopMatters,80,"Homme's modern macabre lyricism and experimental, melodic prowess... make this a more complete album that Lullabies. [Jul 2007, p.176]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The Queens music has always been a kind of battleground for the proverbial devil and angel on Hommes shoulders  with the devil winning, of course  and that continues to be the case here, with Hommes bewitching falsetto croon acting as the spirit to the bands tattooed, hairy flesh, and bruising, cactus-dry workouts giving way to lush, psychedelic oases of darkly reflective sound."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Slick, sly, hard-hitting, and intelligent, Era Vulgaris is the rare big record with staying power."
Uncut,80,"On this album he decisively shakes off the enervation and jokey detachment that made the Queens last few albums sound like in-jokes. This time Mr. Homme hones his songs."
AllMusic,80,"Spiky and cool where 'Songs For The Deaf' was smooth and tanned, tense and alien where that record was baked and ready to party, 'Era Vulgaris' is a record that feels like rust and stings like battery acid."
Spin,80,"Though QOTSA always seem to be on bland-rock stations, this is as different from the mainstream as you can imagine, and not in a bad way."
Filter,75,"'Era Vulgaris' ain't vulgar at all  in fact it's musicianly as heck."
Prefix Magazine,74,"So when Era Vulgaris comes as a bit of a disappointment, well, that's all relative, since it still rocks mightily."
The A.V. Club,70,"QOTSA envelops many of the songs in a fog of menacing guitar squall that focuses as much on atmospherics as hooks. [16 Jun 2007]"
cokemachineglow,70,"The Queens treading water is still better than watching so many others horribly drowning."
Hot Press,70,"Somehow, it all works together, from the psychedelic guitar warble to the bits of prog to the almost country-style harmonies."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Not content with making a diverse, punchy record brimming with those trademark riffs, Homme has written lyrics that make you think."
Rolling Stone,70,"'Era Vulgaris' is dense and loud, and though there are hooks beneath the grimy surface, they're not always immediately apparent. Yet with enough patience, you'll find these tunes burrowing in a little deeper each time through the record."
Alternative Press,70,"While Era Vulgaris is not cohesive in tone (Could it be a reflection of todays fragmented, compartmentalized world that pulls in all directions?) and doesnt fire consistently on all cylinders, the album is still chock-a-block with complex instrumental arrangements, stop-and- start rhythms, gracefully refined harmonies, cranked-up choruses, and pointed commentary on the modern world."
Drowned In Sound,67,"Era Vulgaris gets better with each listen, and thats mostly due to the fact that the melodies take time to sink in."
PopMatters,67,"This time around things are more industrial and complex but every bit as sleazy and intoxicating."
The New York Times,62,"It's not so much that the songs themselves are weak, just that many of the choices made in them are."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"In isolation you can imagine any of these songs may have appeared over the last 10 years giving a warm comforting feel, but listened in its entirety the effect is strangely soporific, a steady morphine drip running from start to end."
NOW Magazine,58,"All the beefy guitar playing in the world can't change the reality that there isn't a single song here that you'll remember, or what to return to, two summers hence. [15 Jun 2007, p.78]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"A downer. [Jul 2007, p.116]"
Lost At Sea,50,"At best, the songs give you a brief QOTSA kick, and at worst, the album sounds like warmed up Eagles. [Summer 2007, p.84]"
Billboard,40,"There has always been a slightly tricksy, proggy side to Queens of the Stone Age, but here the more episodic songs such as Run Pig Run lurch distractingly rather than flow. The result is more of a trudge than Queens of the Stone Age albums are supposed to be, not helped by the fact that Homme seems to have mislaid his lyrical wit."
musicOMH.com,30,"With the band sounding listless and drained of ideas, it starts trying anything."

Boston Globe,83,"Riot! is immediately appealing because it focuses on sounds that have been neglected by the genres frontrunners. This is an uncomplicated album comprising of strikingly uncomplicated music, entirely lacking in 15 word song titles, Jay-Z guest appearances, and theatrical meta-concepts about performing in a rock band."
Dot Music,70,"The sound quality is ultra-clean, it makes the listening experience relatively risk-free and also brings attention to the fact that there's not a lot of ground being broken here."
Hartford Courant,70,"The good news is that for a bunch of brats they're well in control of the complex, riddling, labyrinthine structures that go toward making the perfect pop punk songs."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"A spunky, Hayley-driven vehicle that nonetheless proves that Paramore justly deserves whatever critical acclaim it was getting."
Stylus Magazine,60,"[Hayley Williams'] Tennessee crew's second album isn't as charmingly precocious as the first. [Jul 2007, p.116]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Their biggest asset, though, is singer Hayley Williams, an 18-year-old siren with a killer fashion sense and an undeniable knack for writing contemplative love songs."
Pitchfork,50,"In the end, whether it's a cynical bid for the mainstream or an experiment gone wrong, Riot barely registers as a minor disturbance."
Playlouder,40,"Riot sounds like a crunching, flashlight-white amalgamation of Avril Lavigne and Kelly Clarkson, save for token ballad 'We Are Broken' that echoes the enchanting eighties sounds of Belinda Carlisle."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"Wild Mountain Nation keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time and its a fine piece of music."
Blender,85,"If you're down with the diversity and can sit still while the band tears through every idea it has left, Wild Mountain Nation is a revelation from beginning to end."
Under The Radar,81,"A surprising record and a mess of contradictions--an okay band making a great record, classic rock songcraft made contemporary through sheer force of will, a quiet and loud album simultaneously, dancing along the lo-fi/hi-fi binary, a fucking record about Appalachia made by dudes from Portland!--that thrillingly, thinly, radiantly congeals."
The Guardian,80,"If musical adventurousness and short attention spans are viewed as positive attributes, then these 13 short songs offer ample rewards."
Village Voice,80,"Wild Mountain Nation stands alone as something of interest and disregard to the normal guidelines and restrictions in guitar pop."
Stylus Magazine,80,"With Wild Mountain Nation they present a raucous and varied constellation of souvenirs, rough-hewn but lush, crackling with a weird and lucid energy."
AllMusic,80,"Thirteen songs of to-ing and fro-ing should leave anyone exhausted, but somehow this band's wide-eyed, sweaty-browed energy--the sound of indie rock with a heart full of adrenalin and affection--keeps on pumping the blood."
Playlouder,75,"Part of the album's appeal is its lo-fi production values. These songs are clearly built on analog four-track recordings and then embellished with overdubs."
Sputnikmusic,73,"Easy to hate and easy to love."
Blender,70,"One thing the album does not suffer from is a lack of ideas. In fact, it sounds like the band has crammed each song with sounds, licks, rhythm shifts, basically anything they could come up with, hoping to manufacture inspiration from creativity."
Spin,70,"Wild Mountain Nation is indeed a rare gift--a music reviewers dream come true."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"No less than a half-dozen songs have hit potential."
Drowned In Sound,75,"There is nothing wrong with a calmer, mellower Chris... But it's hard not to pine for the old fire."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Carry On represents an artist looking back more than moving forward."
Pitchfork,70,"This is some of Cornell's most uncomplicated and accessible music to date. [9 Jun 2007]"
cokemachineglow,63,"More crooner than shouter now, Cornell can still uncork a raging vocal when the mood is right, but that isn't often."
AllMusic,60,"Another entry in Cornell's catalogue of partial successes. [Jun 2007, p.91]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"When Cornell strains for significance, he squeezes the life out of his music. [Jun 2007, p.105]"
musicOMH.com,50,"Carry On is not a bad album, nor is it a good one."
The Guardian,40,"He has no knack at all for the subtle sound he's trying now."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Maybe this is what living in France does to you. [Jun 2007, p.92]"
Lost At Sea,40,"He doesn't sound convincingly comfortable in this power-ballad terrain that once worked so well for him in Temple Of The Dog."
No Ripcord,20,"'You Know My Name' gives listeners a point to skip to on an otherwise mediocre album."

PopMatters,100,"Not since 'Mechanical Animals' (1998) has he stared within so unblinkingly; the focus pays off in conflicted, nuanced singing that makes some of his past rage sound rote."
Amazon.com,80,"Among Manson's most compelling records."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Eat Me, Drink Me lacks menace... Still, [it] boasts a clutch of Goth-rock numbers that, if not evil per se, are still devilishly good."
The A.V. Club,70,"There's nothing quite as immediate or fantastic as 'Disposable Teens' here, but the album on the whole is a triumph."
Billboard,70,"This album sees him rising from the hordes of spider-black hoodies, becoming a musical force beyond the Download ticket-holders."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Eat Me, Drink Me is a bona fide creative rebirth."
Uncut,70,"There aren't really any Beautiful People-type moments, only a collection of songs that work surprisingly well as a kind of musical diary for a performer who has finally acknowledged that he's not the threatening icon he once was."
Blender,70,"Like his best work, Eat Me, Drink Me is as fun as it is cartoonishly scary."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Manson's music still evokes decay, but he sounds more fertile than ever. [Jul 2007, p.116]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Forget what you know about this guy and it'll come off like a decent, and rather efficient, little goth-pop record."
Spin,60,"The songs and Ziggy guitar solos are more accessible than usual. Manson can croak like an undead, but can't sing to save his life."
NOW Magazine,60,"Musically, affairs lack Manson's customary anthemic poise, but tracks like 'Heart-Shaped Glasses' draw on Berlin-era Bowie and Iggy's The Idiot with brooding panache. [Jul 2007, p.107]"
Hartford Courant,60,"It's not his best effort, but it's the perfect mood setter for your midnight absinthe and auto-erotic asphyxiation party."
Los Angeles Times,60,"[It] scales back the Weimar guignol of 2003's The Golden Age of Grotesque in favor of classic industrial and glam. [Jul 2007, p.98]"
Hartford Courant,58,"It's a modernized version of Marilyn Manson: heavier guitar, a touch of neo-thrash, and some metalized Bravery-style new-wave pop."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Despite some spooky background noises, the music leans toward a glam-gone-grim style, reverting to a sound that predates Marilyn Mansons past industrial-rock stomps."
Playlouder,50,"There are only a couple of songs with enough impact to avoid boring people who catch the band on tour this summer. [9 Jun 2007]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The results are too often less-than-inspiring, and our Marilyns music has not established the sort of consistency required to atone for this lack of drama."
Slant Magazine,50,"Mercifully, this album shouldnt even be a footnote  its no nadir, for sure, but it sure isnt any good."
NOW Magazine,50,"Put simply, this is B-Movie rock: from the death rattle vocals, to the clichd riffs and hackneyed subject matter."
PopMatters,40,"He has spectacularly failed to make an album that has any bite."
Blender,33,"His career for the last decade is basically that of a chicken with its head lopped off, running around the coop unawares whilst coughing up a never-ending stream of blood. If you couldnt guess, Eat Me, Drink Me is where the fowl finally falls over and collapses in a pile of its fellow poultrys fecal matter."
Rolling Stone,10,"The album is a stunningly lackluster, impersonal anti-work."

The Guardian,80,"Its a richly textured, layered, and almost earnest stab at everything this artist ever attempted to do before, all rolled up nice on one album."
Uncut,70,"A surprisingly rewarding listen. [#17, p.86]"
Boston Globe,70,"'Ultra Payloaded' is a party record that veers from the light, airy and catchy to the absolutely crankable. [2 Jun 2007]"
Spin,70,"Mr. Farrell has become the happy hippie that Jim Morrison never was."
The A.V. Club,67,"Worth a spin. [1 Jun 2007, p.68]"
The New York Times,60,"Bettencourt's howling power-glam riffs pair well enough with Farrell's alley-cat wail. [Jun 2007, p.95]"
Billboard,60,"What has sadly gone missing here, however, is Farrell's voice. [Jul 2007, p.112]"
Hot Press,50,"Most of Ultra Payload feels pretty random."
Drowned In Sound,40,"It's all a bit of a muddle."
Dot Music,30,"'Ultra Payloaded' is largely sub-U2."

musicOMH.com,90,"This easily ranks among the top rock records of the year."
Stylus Magazine,83,"Too sappy for the cool kids, sure, but still a fine pop record."
Prefix Magazine,75,"The Sun And The Moon might be as essential as another Kajagoogoo album, but on its own modest termsmeaning appealing to those who guiltily loved The Braveryit's a minor success, brimming with hooks nicked from Duran Duran and Naked Eyes, as well as few of their own."
Sputnikmusic,70,"[An] album of sharply assembled rock & roll. [Jun 2007, p.105]"
Under The Radar,70,"The overall mood is a bit more pensive and solemn. [26 May 2007]"
Billboard,70,"By no means a terrifically unique or fantastic sophomore album, it still manages to avoid mediocrity, and not just because our expectations were so low to begin with."
The New York Times,70,"The Bravery is a pop-rock band and glad of it. That means plenty of nonsense syllables to invite singalongs, and utter shamelessness about borrowing other bands sounds and tricks."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The groups first album had hooks in abundance, and they are only slightly less plentiful here. These hooks are the source of the pleasure, while Endicotts sometimes questionable lyrics give us our feelings of guilt for being drawn in, in spite of ourselves."
Spin,60,"The Sun And The Moon', The Bravery's down-to-earth approach ought win them a second chance."
Uncut,50,"The Bravery are an easy target -- after all, they were often seen as also-rans even when their kind of music was the hot new thing -- but, unfortunately, The Sun and the Moon's hesitant, unfocused feel doesn't do much to dissuade that notion."
Rolling Stone,50,"They get halfway to a hot neo-New Wave record. [14 Jun 2007, p.102]"
NOW Magazine,40,"Zoom in on this overproduced second album, dripping with newly emboldened lyrical pretensions, and you'll find cracks in the enjoyable cliches. [Jun 2007, p.91]"
New Musical Express (NME),18,"As annoying as Endicott's mascara-tainted bellyaching was on the Bravery's debut, his histrionics-for-the-masses commandeer the group's stylistic direction on The Sun and the Moon, cheapening already trite regurgitations of Robert Smith confessionals by bloating them to anthemic proportions."

Boston Globe,80,"Because their energy matches their vision, they've managed to make the best record of their career thus far. [Jun 2007, p.148]"
Entertainment Weekly,75,"There's no denying the galvanic power of singer Bert McCracken's blowtorch vocals. [25 May 2007, p.84]"
The A.V. Club,67,"Lies for the Liars is a funny, befuddling, and altogether unexpectedly enjoyable record."
Blender,65,"Never a dull moment then, but a little consistency would go a long way for The Used."
Billboard,60,"After a while, the surfeit of ideas starts to sound like a lack. But the choruses are as effective as ever."
NOW Magazine,60,"Even if Lies for the Liars has the appearance of a crossover album, a la The Black Parade, it doesn't have the substance."
The New York Times,60,"The Used remain best when dripping with sweat, not sentiment. [Jun 2007, p.108]"
PopMatters,60,"While the Used honestly want to move away from their time-tested sound, the experiments come off as unfocused and confused. [May 2007, p.90]"
Dot Music,40,"The band now find themselves caught between soft rock and a very hard-to-love place indeed."
AllMusic,30,"An album of the same-old, same-old."
Rolling Stone,20,"It seems as if they've done everything possible to distance themselves from their original, much more interesting sound, opting instead for songs with barely enough hooks and coherent structures."

Spin,80,"While Erasure certainly didn't need the 'return to form' album at this point in their career, they nailed it and brought better songwriting along for the ride."
Pitchfork,80,"This is signature Erasure, and fans will find it pure delight. [26 May 2007]"
Alternative Press,75,"Erasure remain A-level, mid-tempo melody makers, crafters of classic romantic pop songs with electronica serving as the template."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"A batch of keyboard-driven dance tunes that could easily have been recorded in the early 1990s -- and for fans, that's good news."
Stylus Magazine,70,"As shimmering and energetic as anything the group released during its late-'80s prime."
Hot Press,70,"This is classic timeless pop."
The New York Times,70,"No one has a handle on pop hooks like Erasure does. [#17, p.98]"
AllMusic,65,"When it all comes together, as it does on the amazing singles 'I Could Fall in Love with You' and 'Sunday Girl,' the effect is intoxicating. Music like this makes you happy to be alive. When it doesn't come together, as on 'How My Eyes Adore You', the result isn't unpleasant so much as tedious."
Blender,60,"There is something timeless about Erasures sound that provides a certain comfort if you musically came of age listening to them."
Spin,60,"Those bel canto melodies will still be a little syrupy for some. [Jun 2007, p.94]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Most of Light at the End of the World works within the familiar confines of the vintage Erasure formula, drunk on everyman synthesizers, listing through painfully vague and obvious rhymes."

Village Voice,80,"Most of Minutes is honed, metallic pop with a hip-hop stride and a wake-up kick."
NOW Magazine,70,"There's no great leap into maturity... They've kept their salient feature--scorching, adolescent tantrums--unchanged. [Jun 2007, p.109]"
AllMusic,70,"Whatever else it is, Linkin Park's third studio record is a nu-metal record at heart."
Billboard,70,"The music privileges texture over catchiness. [Jun 2007, p.97]"
The Boston Phoenix,63,"This is the kind of music artists make to find out who they'll become next: It reaches toward many influences  notably U2 (some songs invoke the Irish rock group almost note-for-note), but also Tool, Evanescence, Nirvana and Coldplay  without committing to anything."
Boston Globe,60,"The California rap-rockers are stymied by their decision to stay roughly within the shrieky boundaries of their genre (albeit with less emphasis on the rap)."
Hartford Courant,60,"We've heard a lot of this despair before."
Playlouder,50,"Amid the stabs at growth, every new effect sounds borrowed."
Under The Radar,50,"As you might imagine, the bands emo makeover doesnt always go smoothly."
Prefix Magazine,50,"These half-arsed stabs at nu-AOR end up pleasing no one, least of all the band itself."
PopMatters,50,"Linkin Park's ambitions are nearly palpable, but songs likely conceived as homages end up sounding too close to their sources. [26 May 2007]"
Uncut,50,"While more than half the album flounders and meanders uselessly to arrive at roughly four truly worthwhile numbers, parts of Minutes to Midnight set the foundations for a whole new array of sounds that the band can and hopefully will pursue in the future."
Amazon.com,30,"The shift in subject matter cannot disguise Linkin Parks acute lack of creativity."
Rolling Stone,20,"Try as they might to sound different, or even to touch on issues bigger than their own narcissistic garbage, LP still sound like they're stuck back in 00, which is where they should have stayed."
Blender,20,"What follows is the sound of a band trying and failing to forge a new identity - boy-band balladry, U2-style stadium rock and Metallica-esque melodic crunch are all attempted with predictably patchy results."

Hartford Courant,91,"As with much of her past work, its almost embarrassingly human, sometimes sounding too close to you to believe its not your own."
Spin,90,"Volta is Bjrks best album yet."
Los Angeles Times,90,"It's probably Bjork's most succinct and inventive statement yet."
The Guardian,90,"You have not only a Bjork that's fun again, but an album that is simultaneously politically charged, esoteric and glossy with mainstream appeal. [#25, p.88]"
Boston Globe,88,"Even as the music settles into some of the visionary Icelandic artist's familiar contours, she stirs in enough new ingredients to keep things moving."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Volta is a weird mess of an album, but it's also Bjrk's most approachable and immediate since Homogenic."
The New York Times,80,"The result is less cohesive than Vespertine or Medulla but the funs in the exuberance, the jolting between musical styles."
Dot Music,80,"Volta lacks the unity of vision and enveloping sensuality of Vespertine and Medulla, but no one else could have made this record, voracious in its synthesis of world music."
Billboard,80,"Initial listens leave the impression that Volta is a top-heavy release, but as with Vespertine repeat visitations see the record smoothing and flattening out, with consistency becoming apparent over a shorter period of time than with many a Bjork LP before it."
PopMatters,80,"Bjrk's mind remains artistically open to just about anything, and on this album she sounds like she's enjoying recharging it with another tranche of skewed new ideas."
Hot Press,80,"Volta is a strong album with memorable, remarkable tracks that have great variety, so much that the album loses cohesion."
NOW Magazine,80,"It finds the perfect balance between the vibrancy of her poppier work in the '90s and her experiments in the 2000s."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"An album so confident in its experimental spirit that its eclecticism seems nothing short of captivating, even though its charms are subtle enough to require a little time before they become apparent."
Stylus Magazine,80,"It's in the vein of 'Debut' in terms of songwriting but there are a lot more samples of foghorns on this record."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"'Volta' is another amazing statement of intent - full of hope, eccentricity and wonderfulness."
Dot Music,80,"She's rarely sounded more alive. [Jun 2007, p.92]"
Filter,80,"Volta bristles with life. [Jun 2007, p.102]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Volta is arguably Bjork's loosest and most ruminative record, and though it touches on everything she's ever done, it's not as gripping or coherent as her best stuff."
The A.V. Club,70,"Listen intently, repeatedly, and you'll hear much to widen your consciousness... But listen for, you know, enjoyment and you'll be left wanting."
BBC collective,70,"Every song on Volta sounds like it was birthed in no fewer than 10 months, if not five years. 'Fun' hardly has an opportunity to enter the picture when Bjrk's now seemingly permanent fastidiousness remains her mtier."
The Guardian,70,"By no measure is Volta a great album, but it is quite good. And, the deeper you delve, the more it has to offer."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Volta is her most accessible album in years, even if it is sometimes at the expense of its own best interest."
musicOMH.com,70,"As rich as this stuff sounds (its hard to think of a working musician with classier production values) or how much she emotes on the mic, its calculated, cerebral and a little bit cold."
Sputnikmusic,70,"As she sets her sights on bigger targets, namely war and terrorism, it's hard not to wish she'd remained as narrowly focused on the politics of personal freedom."
AllMusic,70,"Even if nobody's made a record that sounds much like this before, she's given her performance here too many times already. [Jun 2007, p.106]"
Hartford Courant,70,"Her vision is worth the price of submission. [Jun 2007, p.90]"
Playlouder,70,"While Bjork's past sounds are arguably better than most, Volta is perhaps the first Bjork effort that looks backwards instead of forward into the future. [Summer 2007, p.79]"
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Volta isn't nearly as groovy as it sounds on paper."
Uncut,67,"Beyond the interstellar electro-club vibe, it's still distinctively Bjrk on the ballads."
Mojo,60,"Even Bjrk's misses are more exciting than most of what we currently call hits. [12 May 2007]"
Rolling Stone,60,"'Volta,' much like 'Medulla,' is an appealing series of collaborations and musical ideas that do not quite jell in their final, recorded versions."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Nothing Bjork does is ever less than provocative... Just dont expect to it to force you out of your seat."
Slant Magazine,58,"Where even her most divisive albums have managed to push her artistic boundaries, Volta feels limp and strangely empty-- almost unfinished."
PopMatters,49,"An album of pasty songs, severe missteps and bizarre overreaches, but an album nevertheless shimmering occasionally with the inherent sometime-genius of its creator, Volta is one of those pretty-bad records that may stick around, may sound better in a few years."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Fans might find it a fascinating revelation, and Madonna will likely swipe a few ideas, while everyone else is left wondering what happened to the tunes."

Dusted Magazine,92,"The Boy With No Name instantly gets Travis back to the business of being Travis. [#25, p.102]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Travis has taken the last four years to square their sunnier sound with their darker one. The Boy With No Name pulls this off without seeming overly planned or calculated. [#17, p.87]"
Blender,70,"The Boy With No Name has a handful of absolute crackers, proving that Travis are still capable of penning a tune that wraps its tendrils around your ears and wont let go until at least four minutes have passed."
Spin,70,"Healy is back to penning unabashed, sparkling pop gems."
Under The Radar,70,"A good, albeit soft, Brit-pop CD, from a band that continues to mature."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"The boys deliver the same sort of agreeable Britpop they've made their name on, wisely realizing that ambition's really not for everyone."
Austin Chronicle,67,"The loose vibe works, but unlike 'sing,' humming along won't come naturally. [18 May 2007, p.66]"
Billboard,60,"Overall, The Boy With No Name has just enough personality to remind imitators like Coldplay and Keane from whence they came. [Jun 2007, p.151]"
Boston Globe,60,"[They] have returned sounding pretty much exactly the same as they did three and a half years ago."
Hot Press,60,"The disappointing moments are fleeting, as Travis has figured out that the niche they created for themselves eight years ago is a comfy one, a sound which, inoffensive and safe as it may be, suits the band perfectly."
Pitchfork,60,"Amiably lightweight. [Jun 2007, p.115]"
cokemachineglow,60,"[Their] first [album] to sound authentically beaten up. [Jun 2007, p.101]"
NOW Magazine,56,"While the first half of the record is promising, however, the band loses steam toward the end."
Filter,50,"There are no surprises or unexpected turns and the overall dearth of spontaneity ensures an empty and shallow experience."
Under The Radar,50,"Sadly, the last third of this Boy sinks, but by then the damage is already done."
Hot Press,50,"Occasionally they attempt to rise above their signature light Brit-pop sound with slightly heavier tunes like 'My Eyes Wide Open,' but it comes off as forced."
Hartford Courant,50,"The band may have paved the way for the likes of Coldplay and Snow Patrol, but they still haven't found their 'Clocks' or 'Chasing Cars.'"
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"For a band with such a legacy, and a pre-millennium back catalogue to die for, this record feels hollow and uninspiring."
Stylus Magazine,20,"There are plenty more wishy-washy guitar tunes present like the drippy, tambourine laced Battleships, the wheezing Out in Space and the sub-danger of Eyes Wide Open; all riddled with Fran Healy's girlish croon. Spare us."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"'The Boy With No Name' is everything you'd expect from a new Travis album and less."

Alternative Press,90,"This is something we've been waiting a long time for - a truly great Manics album."
musicOMH.com,80,"If it doesn't quite scale the dizzy heights of 'The Holy Bible' or 'Everything Must Go', it certainly comes close and is, in many ways, the quintessential Manics album - the cathartic regeneration that the band really needed in order to become relevant again."
PopMatters,80,"The material is of a consistently high standard, nary a clunker in the bunch, but while many will be surprised by Send Away The Tigers, few will be bowled over."
Uncut,80,"Send Away the Tigers never seem heavy-handed, which is something that even their best albums often are. So, this isn't merely a return to form, then--it's also a welcome progression from a band that only a couple of albums back seemed stuck in a rut with no way out."
Mojo,80,"This is a band playing to its strengths."
Pitchfork,70,"'Send Away The Tigers' is not only the most enjoyable Manics record in years, it's the most consistent."
Dot Music,70,"Tigers... sees the brain of the Manics reunited with their strongest qualities: their heart, humanity and soul. [Jun 2007, p.102]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The winces subside with each listen, and the gung-ho vitality of the music - full of nods to the Stooges, Guns N'Roses and the Ramones - helps grant the band a little absolution."
Rolling Stone,60,"Existing fans are well served. [Jun 2007, p.112]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Send Away The Tigers could have used a little more of the direction and thought exercised in albums past. [Summer 2007, p.82]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"While James Dean Bradfield's melodic gifts shine through on occasion, particularly on first single 'Your Love Alone is Not Enough', this is a pedestrian retread of former glories."
The Guardian,40,"Send Away The Tigers is the bloated swansong from a band that should have called it quits three albums ago."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"They have made this album many times before and one assumes they will make it many times again."

musicOMH.com,90,"Trading obscure metaphors for assertive personae, Amos sings with a remarkably forceful focus. [Jun 2007, p.92]"
New Musical Express (NME),88,"'ADP' is often fun but sometimes overwrought, and non-fans may find it too much."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Some of her best work in years is here... There's far too much, though; cut to 10 tracks it would have been her one of her most significant records."
AllMusic,80,"If American Doll Posse would have been edited into a shorter, more concise record, it could have been Amoss best. Instead, it fits nicely alongside her best work, but is a little bit too bogged down with its sometimes preachy, non-descript politics and too many of the usual suspects in the mix."
PopMatters,80,"A message to lapsed Tori Amos fans: come back. You wont be bored."
Dot Music,80,"If American Doll Posse sees her remain an acquired taste, those who have already been converted are in for a treat."
Uncut,80,"Grand conceit aside, 'American Doll Posse' is a great art-pop album."
The Guardian,80,"Imagine an amalgam of The White Album, The Kick Inside and Professor Longhair, all conceived as an off-Broadway extravaganza directed by Julie Taymor."
Mojo,80,"Texturally, it's a middle ground between her searing early album Under the Pink and the sun-dappled 2005 The Beekeeper. [Jun 2007, p.105]"
Under The Radar,70,"If still too uneven and entirely too overstuffed to rank among her most essential albums, American Doll Posse is certainly Amos's most ambitious record, both for the breadth of its sound and for the scope of its driving concept."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Her musical vision and production skills are almost astonishing in places.  [But] American Doll Posse is a work that has its problems due to its sprawling nature."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Despite it being more rock-oriented than 2005's 'The Beekeeper,' this album isn't much of a sonic progression, and it takes a while for 'Posse' to find its voice. [5 May 2007]"
Playlouder,60,"In typical Tori fashion, there's way too much conceptual malarkey surrounding the songs, but if you can ignore her fake posse, you'll find this is Amos' best album in many years."
Spin,60,"American Doll Posse sounds like a return to more conventional songwriting form. [Jun 2007, p.87]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Here's a concept Tori: less is more. [Jun 2007, p.108]"
The Guardian,58,"Too bad Posse is a conceptual wreck, because it benefits from some of the beefiest, most borderline-glam-rock moments Amos has put on record."
PopMatters,40,"Ambitious, high-concept albums are one thing, but Posse's just a boring mess."
The New York Times,40,"The touches of old Tori ('Girl Disappearing,' 'Body and Soul') are fairly solid, but most often she gets lost in her mental 'posse.'"
musicOMH.com,33,"Adding a set of young female characters to this drab mix only accentuates that a concept is needed to bolster the actual music."

Boston Globe,90,"That the music of Beyond rocks so righteously in a way that sounds like a conscious progression from where they left off with Bug, rather than a misguided attempt to recreate the past, makes this unlikely recording comeback all the more incredible."
Hot Press,90,"Beyond isn't merely a worthy album from a reunited band, it's simply a great record by any standard."
Blender,90,"It kicks ass."
Slant Magazine,90,"As usual, Mascis' guitar--a stirring strength, charming and expressive, a poignant power, is the star of this show--and as a whole unit, they havent sounded this good in about sixteen years."
AllMusic,84,"Beyond, the band's first record as the selfsame trio since 1988's Bug, benefits enormously-- more so even than fellow MA-veterans Mission of Burma or latter-day Sonic Youth-- from the years, experiences, successes, and disappointments elapsed between then and now."
Billboard,84,"Their most triumphant mix of fuzzed-out fury, face-melting fretwork and merry-but-messy melodies."
Rolling Stone,83,"Despite Beyonds tendency to feel like a career retrospective in spots, it contains plenty of songs that rival Masciss best work."
Uncut,83,"Though too long at 50 minutes, Beyond is an often thrilling reminder of this essential band's heyday."
Mojo,80,"These 50 minutes of music are as cohesive as they are conquering."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Beyond doesn't break any new ground, but... it's as refreshing as anything you're likely to hear all year. [May 2007, p.93]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Mascis' ear-bleeding guitar soloing is ever prevalent, but there's a dynamism in the music here that was missing in previous efforts."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Beyond is the better-produced natural successor to 1987's epochal You're Living All Over Me. [May 2007, p.104]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"It's in between the showboating, when Mascis demonstrates his folk and country-tinged melodies and subtle but elaborate leads that you realize what you're listening to is pretty fucking close to genius."
NOW Magazine,80,"This is an album that sits well alongside classics such as 1987's 'You're Living All Over Me'. In other words: a genuine monster."
AllMusic,80,"Whats most remarkable about the record is its incredible level of musical cohesion  its like the trio never stopped playing together."
No Ripcord,80,"Its great to hear, on Beyond, that the group can capture that magic again."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Amazingly, 'Beyond' picks up where 1988's 'Bug' left off, with only slightly more streamlined polish but with the old love of volume and excess still sweetly intact."
Pitchfork,80,"Essentially the real joy is to hear the three original members locking in so tightly together."
Filter,70,"With a sound closer to the Sire output than their SST days, Mascis throws around his best set of songs since Where You Been. [#17, p.84]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"The spiraling, distortion-drenched guitar solos, the cracked and ruined moan of Mascis, the passive-aggressive romanticism, the relentless beat, the pedals, the sheer turbulent volume...it's just like Where You Been? all over again, with all the positives and negatives that the comparison implies."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It sounds exactly like a Dinosaur Jr album should."
Amazon.com,70,"Coming in 2007 it sounds oddly fresh, but nothing heres as full-on as their early stuff or as lovely as Feel The Pain."
Urb,70,"There is something almost eerie about how exactly the Dinosaur Jr of 2007 sound like the Dinosaur Jr of 1988."
musicOMH.com,70,"Beyonds main flaws come in a lack of variety."
Mojo,70,"Even the production on Beyond sounds plucked from the trio's Bug heyday. [May 2007, p.85]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Rabid Dinosaur Jr fans will find plenty here to enjoy."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The elliptical vein opening, restless country twang and surging metal riffage have never sounded more confident. [Jun 2007, p.107]"
Hot Press,70,"Beyond's highlights not only stand comfortably with Dinosaur's legendary best, but they also sound like they could have been lost outtakes from the very same sessions."
PopMatters,67,"Apparently evolution is overrated."
Boston Globe,67,"There isn't a bad song on Beyondthough both of Barlow's contributions slow things down a bitbut it never reaches the transcendent, wailing energy of Mascis' best."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The spark that made initial albums such as Bug so special is still missing. [May 2007, p.123]"

Under The Radar,80,"Unsettling stuff--but weirdly life-affirming, too. [May 2007, p.103]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The Nightwatchman is a Molotov cocktail as volatile as any hes thrown at the barricade of injustice in the past 15 years."
Observer Music Monthly,75,"A combination of his rich vocals and hook-filled tunes ensures that the heartfelt result rarely seems like a harangue. [27 Apr 2007, p.141]"
BBC collective,70,"The real discovery is that he's capable of making the same old racket at just a fraction of the volume."
The Guardian,70,"Morello shows us that he's a) a facile acoustic guitar player, too, b) a better than serviceable singer and c) an intelligent and passionate social commentator and protest singer. [28 Apr 2007]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Morello's baritone voice is surprisingly expressive."
Spin,70,"This is agitprop the old-fashioned way."
Playlouder,60,"At times, the album gets a little precious, but the more inspired moments are truly undeniable. [Jun 2007, p.156]"
Blender,60,"The potency of the admirable sentiments is undermined by the lacklustre execution."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Morello handles these stark songs with the calm confidence and strong conviction that bears the mark of a man who has spent his share of time on the front lines. [Summer 2007, p.91]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Unfortunately, he forgot he cannot sing or write coherent lyrics."
The A.V. Club,40,"An album that's high on good intentions but low on spark."
Q Magazine,40,"Despite his surprisingly palatable baritone, this remains an album you won't want to listen to more than once."

Uncut,100,"'Year Zero' is a total marriage of the pop and gamer aesthetics that unlocks the rusty cages of the music industry and solves some key problems facing rock music as its cultural dominance dissolves into dust. It's easy for even Reznor appreciators to overlook this accomplishment, because 'Year Zero' also works as pure pop."
musicOMH.com,100,"Reznor sets his machinery on 'kill' and points it toward authority and herd mentality. [Jun 2007, p.158]"
Entertainment Weekly,91,"This is one of the most forward-thinking rock albums to come down the pike in some time, playing with the genre in both form and function while showing off Reznors ridiculous resevoir of ideas in fine fashion."
Amazon.com,90,"Year Zero is the finest Nine Inch Nails recording since Downward Spiral. Its songs are memorable, beautifully constructed and articulated."
Billboard,90,"Listened to as a journey from beginning to end, this is a genuine attempt to progress to pastures new after With Teeth."
Rolling Stone,83,"Amid its carefully calibrated sonic assaults, Year Zero has a number of tracks that will stop you in yours."
Hartford Courant,80,"Make no mistake this is NIN as usual, but [it is] an effortless, inspired, and unaffected Trent Reznor the likes of which we may not have had the pleasure of knowing for almost a decade and a half."
Alternative Press,80,"It's classic Nine Inch Nails with a few extra-disturbing flourishes."
Hot Press,80,"THe music is scarily gripping... his best computer blues since 1994's The Downward Spiral. [May 2007, p.108]"
Under The Radar,80,"It's dark and harrowing, but 'Year Zero' is the most compelling and fully realized album Reznor has made since 'Pretty Hate Machine.'"
Sputnikmusic,80,"On Year Zero, Reznor doesn't exactly sound like he's having fun -- does he ever? But he runs out of disc space before he runs out of ideas, and it's the first time that's happened in quite a while."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's the post-apocalyptic sonics, the industrial-strength bombast and buzzing bondage-core that mightily sustains its frightening 16-track, one-hour run-time."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Applaud Reznor for attempting something that doesn't read like school graffiti; shake your little fist at him for doing it anyway."
Los Angeles Times,70,"It's fun to hear Trent Reznor play other roles and fire holes into the technology he's been so vital in employing. [21 Apr 2007]"
Alternative Press,70,"Year Zero is much more seductive than With Teeth, partly because of all the so-called noise.... If all these sounds often distract listeners from Mr. Reznors lyrics, well, so much the better."
Stylus Magazine,67,"Low on anthemic hooks and heavy on riotous noise breaks, Year Zero finds Reznor waving his digital hardcore flag high."
AllMusic,67,"Year Zero doesn't just fall short of the promo campaign; it doesn't even rank among NIN's most adventurous efforts."
Drowned In Sound,67,"Besides a batch of solid singles  electro-punk death march 'Survivalism,' fiendishly swinging 'Capital G'  every so often Year Zero devolves into a feverish barrage of squelches and squalls that comes off as mood music for especially amorous androids."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Its nihilism can grate, but it makes an impression."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Reznor seems to eschew depth for surface explosions and instant gratification, and the result is a finished product that, while decent on an individual track, doesn't hold up as Year Zero progresses."
Boston Globe,60,"Hearing new material from this old warhorse at a time when its most needed is damn reassuring; however, it cannot be said, in all honesty, that the music on Year Zero is good."
Blender,60,"Thematically it's overboard and at 16 tracks over 60 minutes repetitious and ham-fisted. But musically, Year Zero offers moments of industrial brilliance."
Hartford Courant,60,"Everything here sounds familiar."
Rolling Stone,60,"Nothing sounds more dated than an ageing futurist, and it's only when Trent cuts loose... that we get a glimpse of the world-beater we know he can be. [May 2007, p.103]"
Filter,60,"A number of tracks here follow a similar, frustrating formula. For three minutes they showcase Reznors worst tendencies; the boorish plod of the choruses, the hoarse moan of the vocals. On the remainder of each of these songs Reznor does what hes good at  i.e. creating delicious layers of chaotic industrial noise."
Prefix Magazine,56,"Year Zero massively benefits from lowered expectations. Reznor channels his anger, focuses it and takes a much-needed breather from his tried-and-true formula of nihilism and the question of self-destruction, but at its core the album has very little to teach us or anything original to say."
Billboard,50,"This is just one long squelchy fart of a soundscape that Reznor himself admits is probably too long. It's certainly too unremitting."
The New York Times,50,"The songs drag in the middle, choruses become interchangeable, and too many tracks end with the same electronic stuttering. [May 2007, p.84]"

Pitchfork,90,"This is not a bunch of old blokes looking to recapture their youth; rather, Grinderman sounds like a freshly hewn and rudely vigorous chunk of leftfield rock."
The A.V. Club,90,"There isn't a bad song on this album."
Austin Chronicle,90,"This being Cave, classy lyrical dexterity is never far away. But here the fire and brimstone preacher is a little less po-faced than much of his back catalogue, allowing humour (still black as coal) to gain the upper hand."
The Guardian,90,"An album more raw than an infected, 10-day-old open head wound. [Apr 2007, p.102]"
Slant Magazine,90,"11 tracks that scorch the earth lesser bands traipse on. [May 2007, p.150]"
PopMatters,83,"Its mostly top-flight crudity, though admittedly the albums intensity wanes over its second half."
NOW Magazine,83,"This is some of the singer's rawest music since he fronted the Birthday Party. [13 Apr 2007, p.72]"
Dot Music,82,"Grinderman might actually be Caves sappy hopeless romantic testament. That he accomplishes it without orchestral arrangements and mopey strings is truly impressive."
Uncut,80,"This is mostly a brutal-sounding, and often brutally funny, record full of odd surprises."
Hot Press,80,"[A] witty, wild and impressive return to his past."
cokemachineglow,80,"Ultimately, Grinderman is just a way for Cave to release more music."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Theres a rawness to this record that most new bands  sorry, most bands made up of new musicians  would do well to soak up."
Spin,80,"The Grinderman hat seems to have tilted the basic Bad Seeds stance brilliantly on its side, bringing out a new humour and a grumpy-old-rocker gravitas. [Apr 2007, p.102]"
BBC collective,80,"Arguably [Cave's] most convincing collection of boisterousness and drama since 1994s Let Love In."
Playlouder,80,"There's a sense of going too far, of antic hilarity tipping into something more revealing. [Apr 2007, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The result is one of Cave's hardest-rocking records, but also one of his funniest. [Apr 2007, p.86]"
Urb,80,"Once our boy Nick begins his bellicose bellowing, there's no mistaking Grinderman's amped-up scorch for anything but another of Cave's darkly humorous creations of magnificent malevolence. Long may he howl and snort."
Alternative Press,80,"It sounds terrific, in a turbulent fashion. [9 Apr 2007]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"While the sound of pure snarl and glee is what melts the speaker cabinets the most, the overdriven menace of most these songs doesn't undermine their worth as songs."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Cave comes on strong and rejuvenated."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"The album is loud, visceral, and messily human, and should be regarded as an essential chapter in Cave's considerable discography."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A riot of black humor, sex mania and mean-eyed, chaotic rock."
The Guardian,78,"Grinderman is in no way a conventional comedy album, but an accomplished cocksman like Nick Cave howling the 'No Pussy Blues' is pretty damn funny anytime."
Dot Music,77,"Grinderman may be intended as a somewhat goofy reassertion of punk vigor and virility, but the disc is no laughing matter."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Review #1 (score=80): Grinderman makes a freer, looser racket than the Bad Seeds, and at times sound like their hairier, rougher alter-ego.;
Uncut,Review #2 (score=70): Grinderman is fresh and invigorating, possibly Nick Caves funniest, and unusually for a side project, one of his least self-indulgent."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"A thorough reminder of what's majestic, funny, bizarre, and poetic about Cave."
Mojo,70,"'Grinderman' is an almost defiantly edgy record."
Spin,70,"You sense that once this entertaining diversion is done, it will be back to the real business. [Apr 2007, p.112]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Grinderman is as refreshing, bracing and absurd as the Birthday Party were when they blew onto the scene with their Old Testament zeal."
The New York Times,70,"It may not pick up many new fans or even appeal to those beyond Cave's core audience, but these guys sound like they're having too much fun to care. [14 Apr 2007]"
AllMusic,70,"Grinderman is easily the sexiest thing hes done in the past decade. [#17, p.85]"
Hartford Courant,70,"While Grinderman's rough-and-tumble democracy makes for an exciting, illicit affair, it's only that: a gorgeous bit of rough trade to scratch that seven-year itch. [May 2007, p.62]"
Lost At Sea,59,"Grinderman isnt angry and it isnt raw, just a careful concoction of licentiousness and braying disdain ultimately monotonous and unexciting after the first four cuts."

Blender,100,"Beautifully sequenced, Jarvis makes the case for albums as opposed to downloads."
Austin Chronicle,100,"An idiosyncratic triumph."
Pitchfork,100,"It's lyrically depressing, but if you're down in the dumps about the ills of the world and frustrated by a lack of personal achievement, there's surely not a better companion piece to have to hand as you wallow."
PopMatters,90,"A decade after he first set an impossibly hard act to follow, Jarvis Cocker has returned with an album that knocks not only his ageing contemporaries, but many of his descendents, for six."
The A.V. Club,90,"A very fine solo album indeed."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"A stunning collection of songs, in the grand Brit-pop tradition."
Q Magazine,83,"The main difference between Jarvis and Pulp's final album, We Love Life, is that the new record feels far less portentous, and more brightly poppy."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This is the record Pulp could/should have made as a sequel to the seminal Different Class."
Billboard,80,"This is the most immediate album Cocker has put his name to in ten years."
Under The Radar,80,"There are songs here that easily stand up to any of Pulps high-points, and sound totally unique against the backdrop of 2006."
Paste Magazine,80,"The old Jarvis Cocker is back. [Dec 2006, p.130]"
cokemachineglow,80,"He sounds fresher than in years. [Dec 2006, p.108]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Even if it isn't as immediate as the prime of Pulp, it's a richly nuanced, complicated album that finds Jarvis near the top of his craft as a writer and record maker."
The Guardian,80,"His finest batch of songs since This Is Hardcore."
musicOMH.com,80,"Happily, his killer solo debut offers more of the same. [Apr 2007, p.87]"
Playlouder,80,"A collection of songs that proves nearly as personal, as socially aware, and as deft at intertwining the two, as was Pulps 1998 opus, This Is Hardcore."
Neumu.net,80,"A ripe thriller, the work of a facile talent with a newfound fecund baritone that goes places where Pulp could not tread. [Jun 2007, p.150]"
No Ripcord,80,"Jarvis is a solid, thought-provoking album."
The A.V. Club,75,"Jarvis is strong enough, smart enough, and at home enough with its ancient rock-star concerns and unembellished songcraft, for 'Running the World' to remain a bonus track. This album doesn't need rescuing."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Cocker's caustic observations cut deepest when married to hummable tunes."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The lyrics are often sublime, of course, but there are big, stupid choruses too."
PopMatters,70,"'Jarvis' never quite gathers an irresistible momentum like his past glories did. There isn't a bad song on here, but there are several which don't fulfil their full potential."
Q Magazine,70,"'Jarvis' is a collection of 13 individual songs, rather than an album with cohesive impact."
Mojo,70,"'Jarvis'... is essentially a patchwork drawing from low and high points of his career - a quilt meant as a cover as well as an ornament."
AllMusic,70,"An understated triumph. [9 Dec 2006]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Some of the old tension is missing: Mr. Cocker isnt straining to write pop hits. But all of the old spleen is intact."
Spin,70,"Yet for all its pomp and glam, Jarvis is a uneven affair that sags a little too long in the middle. [#17, p.83]"
Boston Globe,68,"All in all, Jarvis a mixed bag. It feels like the sort of thing that Cocker would do just to expunge his notebooks before moving on."
Alternative Press,62,"Jarvis is the record of someone losing hope, the sound of dejection turned up to 10."
Lost At Sea,60,"[The first half is] all dismayingly unconvincing and lacklustre in execution... Then something changes."

Stylus Magazine,100,"Traffic And Weather offers vivid little snapshots of characters and places, but in Schlesinger and Collingswood's hands, a snapshot can tell the whole story."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"The end product is, on the whole, a simply wonderful CD of songs about love, lust, and loneliness."
BBC collective,80,"Matters of love and life dominate the album, as they do all great pop, although theres a sense that the band is more in on the joke this time out."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"They still pen power-pop tunes so utterly irresistible'Someone to Love,' 'This Better Be Good,' 'Strapped for Cash'that they deserve to be every bit as ubiquitous at radio as the elements of the album's title. Oh, and they're still brilliant.  [2 Apr 2007]"
Dot Music,80,"As usual, the band never takes itself too seriously, crafting melodies around a lively, vigorous cast of characters that practically come to life."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Here they fail to provide the elusive novelty follow-up to 'Stacy's Mom' but nonetheless invent many dandy new ways not to be in love."
Billboard,80,"Cements FOW's status as the savviest modern-day practitioners of both Beatlesque pop and Steely Dan's cool precision. [Jun 2007, p.94]"
The New York Times,78,"Front to back, this 14-song slice of bop-worthy Americana hits the spot like hamburgers and coffee."
Under The Radar,75,"Record geeks beyond repair, the songwriters still lace the more accessible material here with their trademark wit."
cokemachineglow,73,"Theyre still far and away the best bet for impeccably produced, beach-ready power-pop, and way better than your shitty sounding power-pop band, so excuse them if they seem to harbor no interest in doing anything else."
Pitchfork,70,"On Traffic and Weather, their lyrical touch slips. [Apr 2007, p.114]"
Uncut,70,"It's sturdy, well-written power pop, but it falls prey to some of the faults of craftsmanlike pop -- mainly, it's possible to hear the craft behind the pop instead of just getting sucked into the sugar rush of the melodies."
The A.V. Club,70,"The left-bent, middle-class everymen in these songs are consistently disarming."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"If Traffic and Weather, doesnt as frequently pack the knock-out punch of 2003s superb Welcome Interstate Managers, it still more than holds its own in the fight for pop music that is both catchy and canny."
PopMatters,70,"There's little not to love."
Billboard,70,"There's always a surplus of good humor to carry us past the rough patches. [#75, p.98]"
Amazon.com,60,"It's like an alt-rock adaptation of a John Cheever anthology. [Apr 2007, p.87]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The everyday-ness of the songs makes them easily relatable, but, like a commute where traffic and weather happen on the 10s, the album starts to feel routine by the end."
Uncut,60,"The perfectly pleasant Traffic and Weather is inarguably diminished returns."
Austin Chronicle,60,"After such a lengthy break between records, the disappointing ratio of great-to-crummy songs is a mild surprise. Traffic and Weather couldve been so much better. [#17, p.84]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's something they've done better before. [May 2007, p.158]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Without interesting stories to tell, it all feels like an empty-calorie exercise in vapid songcraft."
Blender,60,"There's a feeling that maybe it all comes a little too easily, and perhaps they would be best advised to think harder before committing songs to tape."
AllMusic,40,"The band simply reiterates earlier ideas less interestingly. [Apr 2007, p.54]"
Village Voice,30,"Traffic and Weather finds them treading water in the worst possible way."
Boston Globe,30,"Their songs are either shitty soft-rock or worse, wink-nudge pastiches like the new-wavey 'Someone To Love'."
Dot Music,30,"This essentially middle of road noise bears some relation to their past work but lacks any of the grit or charm that made them such a cool little indie band."
Magnet,16,"Despite being four years in the making, Traffic and Weather finds Fountains Of Wayne offering more of the same and yet decidedly less, working your nerves to the point where youll wonder whether you ever truly liked them in the first place."

Spin,72,"Little Pop Rock's acid-casual serenades... could've featured on any Mary Chain album from Darklands onward. And that's a comment on both the songs' lack of deviation from the JAMC's Sunday-morning-Velvets songbook, and the songs' consistent quality and unhurried charm."
Hartford Courant,70,"While it's nice to have another Mary Chain record, what makes the record even better is the presence of Linda Reid."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The best aspect of Sister Vanilla is Linda Reid's saccharine vocals. [Summer 2007, p.84]"
Under The Radar,60,"Amid all the dirty, clanging glam, there are unfinished moments. [Apr 2007, p.119]"
Alternative Press,60,"Fans of the Mary Chain's Suicide-meets-Shangri-Las hijinks will have an immediate connection to Sister Vanilla's sweetly sinister sound, particularly when Jim or William steps up to the microphone to add his droning vocals."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"The aesthetic may be anachronistic, but it's still compelling."
The Guardian,60,"Both the Reid brothers' nice and nasty sides are represented. [May 2007, p.128]"

Paste Magazine,80,"Nearly everything about Dont Mess With the Dragon is as fluid and serpentine as the albums namesake."
Pitchfork,80,"You could always dance to Ozo's beats, but this time they supply more hip-churning swing than alt-rock stomp."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Ozo makes its kitchen-sink musical fusion feel seamless in any given number... Still, 'Dragon' can be dizzying in its sheer variety."
Hot Press,70,"Ozomatli serve up a rhythmically seething musical mlange that serves as virtual mirror to the dizzying cultural contradictions at the heart of their Los Angeles hometown."
Stylus Magazine,70,"It's hard to stay completely original album after album, but Ozomatli does exactly that when it sticks to the sounds of Los Angeles it helped put on the map. [14 Apr 2007]"
Pitchfork,70,"Ozomatli's joyful beats... pulse with defiance. [Apr 2007, p.132]"
AllMusic,60,"It's not that any of these tracks are bad: Ozomatli is comprised of talented enough musicians, and have been doing it for long enough now, that they're able to pretty much successfully pull off anything they try, but these songs move so far from the sociopolitical salsa on which they created themselves that it's almost hard to recognize them as from the same band."
Under The Radar,60,"[They] downplay the hip-hop boom-bap... in favor of busy pop jams that mirror the overstimulation of 21st-century life. [Apr 2007, p.93]"

Uncut,75,"[Their] just-edgy-enough indie punk has an endearing salty sweetness. [6 Apr 2007, p.77]"
NOW Magazine,70,"An enjoyable next step for the Academy Is..., this album shows that the guys are still growing, but maybe just starting to figure themselves out."
The Guardian,70,"It all works... simultaneously calling to mind Fall Out Boy and Franz Ferdinand. [May 2007, p.158]"
Q Magazine,70,"Sadly, TAI...'s surprise maturation isn't yet 100 per cent complete."
PopMatters,60,"While the lyrics are strictly study-hall (Im no gentleman/I can be a prick = poetry!), TAI separate from the emo wolf pack by cribbing furiously from 70s rock."
Village Voice,60,"Distinguishing themselves from the shadow of Fall Out Boy, My Chemical Romance and the like without sacrificing too many of the essential elements of their debut album, The Academy Is have emerged as a band with ambition and the songwriting skill to match."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Most of the album is forgettable, or worse."
Amazon.com,40,"There are awkward attempts at the strutting pomp rock of Queen, the pop reggae of the Police, and the wardrobe of the Strokes. [Apr 2007, p.86]"

Billboard,70,"Their multiple piercings, shaved heads, and abundant tattoos have them labeled a punk band, but on [Revival], Good Charlotte... fall much more under the umbrella of 1970s arena rock and mainstream ballads."
Vibe,70,"An album that proves being rich and famous doesn't always blunt a band's creative appetite. [31 Mar 2007]"
AllMusic,67,"Their cannily constructed songs won't change anyone's life, but they sound good enough to almost convince you they mean something."
Spin,60,"13 tracks of Disney-channel-ready pop, buffed and Pro-Tooled almost beyond recognition--and it's not half bad. [Apr 2007, p.111]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"There are a few clunky dance tracks... but it's Madden's search for love in the L.A. wasteland that gives Revival a certain charm. [Mar 2007, p.86]"
AllMusic,60,"Gimmicky moments are plentiful, but it's the box-fresh pop songs like 'Misery' and 'The River' that benefit most from their renewed sense of purpose. [Apr 2007, p.100]"
Alternative Press,60,"A perfectly functional album of loud guitars, aint life a bitch lyrics and the odd nod to different production styles and techniques."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"You know what you're getting with Good Charlotte, and while it's all very well and respectable to make shapes on the dance floor to one of their tunes after several pints, buying this album is both pointless and foolish. It's a pop album; just burn the singles if you must."
Blender,40,"Good Charlotte have become caricatures of themselves. [Apr 2007, p.175]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"The production quality is a crowning grace throughout the album in the face of some very dodgy writing and bad musical choices."
Rolling Stone,40,"Another album that gets further away from the band's core appeal."
Spin,40,"After years and years of hating every ounce of Maryland's mall-punk icons Good Charlotte, it seems now that the actual trick to enjoying their music on any plausible level is to go into the whole thing with absolutely no expectations. Not even low expectations. Nothing."
Amazon.com,40,"Whatever snotty humor they once had has calcified into smug sanctimony, rendering this a slick, stylized, stiff affair whose brief signs of life... only put the shortcomings of the rest of this turgid mess in stultifying relief."
Billboard,40,"It's all doom and gloom, and it ain't pretty. [May 2007, p.125]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Vile, goth-jock pop with all the wit and nuance of a urine-soaked sock."
Blender,20,"A fourth album of stunning fatuousness."
Spin,20,"A mystifyingly inept CD that includes some of the worst lyrics you will  or, with any luck, wont  hear all year. [26 Mar 2007]"
Uncut,20,"The problem is that for all the slick operations and glorious machinations of the marketing and production, this band has run out of steam; soulless without being undead."

Hot Press,80,"Gone is the Suede-lite of The Tears. Instead we get acoustic guitars, lush string arrangements and the previously cagey Anderson pouring his heart out. [Apr 2007, p.92]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"What makes Brett Anderson succeed as solo debut is that it truly presents Anderson on his own, willing to sound different, quieter than he did when in a band, willing to open his heart without regard for consequences."
Alternative Press,80,"A near-perfect debut. [#17, p.82]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Neither tearaway maverick nor irrelevant abdicator, Brett Anderson sounds like a man out of time in a time out of joint. No bad thing, necessarily."
Rolling Stone,60,"Dubious lyrics notwithstanding, this is exactly the kind of album that a formerly drug-addled, ludicrously randy, city-dazzled English suburban boy ought to be making when he reaches the onset of middle age."
NOW Magazine,60,"There's a fair bit of self-indulgence here, but the former Suede leader has a way with these things, and the result is generally listenable."
AllMusic,40,"His lyrics don't always match his ambition. [Apr 2007, p.108]"
Q Magazine,40,"11 tracks of the same old maudlin balladry."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Shorn of his camp finery, not to mention his preferred subject matter - androgynous boys from suburbia kissing under nuclear skies - his voice, still an acquired taste, proves ill-suited to introspection."
The Guardian,29,"On his lonesome Anderson is oppressively unimaginative."
The New York Times,10,"This is hollow, pretentious and deeply dull music. [Apr 2007, p.116]"

cokemachineglow,90,"The View are a study of all the essentials of British rock & roll."
Uncut,80,"[It] burns with pop ambition. [Feb 2007, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"There's enough talent here to suggest that the hype around The View at the moment is thoroughly justified - hats off to them indeed."
Under The Radar,80,"If 'Hats Off...' is slightly too much, too soon, they've still done enough to impress."
Hot Press,80,"It would be disappointing if this turned out to be the best debut album of 2007 - there's nothing particularly original here - but Hats Off to the Buskers is nonetheless a record that re-energises melodic guitar music in the most irresistible fashion, recalling the euphoric punch of Oasis' Definitely Maybe or the Strokes' Is This It as it does so."
Playlouder,80,"Their lack of artifice is a godsend. [Feb 2007, p.81]"
The Guardian,75,"[The] good half is legitimately exciting."
Mojo,70,"A cannily considered, thoroughly de nos jours mix of punk, skiffle and music hall-bred power pop which fizzes with energy and affects a brash charm, but adds little to Barats and Dohertys original blueprint."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Hats of to the Buskers has a few top-notch tunes up its sleeve, but it generally fails to match the thrilling energy and shambolic charm of the [Libertines]. [#24, p.94]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"These young Scotsmen have grime to spare, along with a belief in rock's power to rescue them from it. [Mar 2007, p.99]"
Pitchfork,70,"Its nowhere near as definitive a piece of work as the Arctic Monkeys debutto which it will inevitably be comparedbut neither is it an empty product fuelled by baseless industry hype."
Q Magazine,70,"The quartet has the virtues of youth... and some of the drawbacks. [May 2007, p.106]"
Playlouder,65,"In a vacuum, Hats off to the Buskers exists as a charming, innocuous piece of work, perfectly fine for mass appeal; in the real world, Falconer and company are gonna have to grin and bear just a few more Arctic Monkeys references."
Mojo,62,"Like so many debuts, Hats Off to the Buskers is ultimately a document of a band searching for their own voice in those of others."
musicOMH.com,60,"They're not without their charms."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"For the most part Hats Off To The Buskers is second-tier British post-punk."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"The View isn't bad, it's just that it's almost completely indistinguishable from countless other post-Pete Doherty, '60s-inspired Brit-rock bands. [#17, p.88]"

Uncut,80,"These 12 tunes pack an almighty sonic punch. [Apr 2007, p.96]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Fans of the Stooges' early-'70s masterpieces wondered what they would have sounded like with a big-league budget. Here's the answer: loud, surly and still barely civilized. [Apr 2007, p.120]"
BBC collective,70,"Both a big relief and a mild disappointment. [Mar 2007, p.90]"
Filter,70,"It's a tightly woven scheme whose anthemic simplicity is deceptive and leaves room for sophisticated (but still fierce) arrangements. [10 Mar 2007]"
Spin,70,"You know how reunion albums work: You listen for the playing, not for the songs, which are mediocre at best."
PopMatters,70,"Sure, 'The Weirdness' rarely comes close to capturing the feral magic of the band's best vintage work (even if 'Mexican Guy' is built on the same rhythm as '1969') , but, hey, it's The Stooges - and that should be enough for anyone."
Blender,67,"There are certainly moments of The Weirdness that rock. A few of these new Stooges songs may even cause you to stand up and take notice. The difference is, the old ones made you duck for cover."
Prefix Magazine,60,"A major disappointment that puts a real chink in this great band's legacy."
Pitchfork,50,"The problem lies in the fact that The Stooges have nothing left to say."
The Guardian,50,"The results... rarely match up with the legend. [Apr 2007, p.107]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"The Weirdness comes off as another solid yet daffy Iggy Pop solo album. The performances are energetic, but Watt is a virtual non-factor."
Under The Radar,50,"The spirit is there, even when, in some cases, the songwriting is not. [25 Feb 2007]"
Mojo,50,"It doesn't have the kind of force and power that would show the kids how it should be done."
Blender,50,"The Weirdness never sounds like anything more than a competent but ultimately unremarkable band that sounds a little like The Stooges."
Spin,50,"Though hardly the disaster it could have been, then, The Stooges return feels unnecessary and, more importantly, undignified."
Billboard,41,"The songs themselves arent so much unlistenable as just a little sad, highlighting the fact that Iggy Pop is less-than-scary nowadays, and his voice is shot to hell."
Rolling Stone,40,"'The Weirdness' is raw, but where's the power?"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The Weirdness does have many of the recognizable sonic and structural traits, but the essential threat of impending doom is missing."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The band sounds crisper and cleaner than it should."
AllMusic,40,"This is not the sound of a band with anything on the line."
Dot Music,40,"It's a rather sad indictment that by the end of the album you almost forget its The Stooges gainfully toiling away."
Urb,30,"Where they were once a glorious mess, here they are simply a mess. [Apr 2007, p.114]"
Stylus Magazine,30,"Like every other inferior album by a defunct cult band that has unexpectedly reunited, it is a danger to the bands legacy."
The New York Times,30,"Devoid of inspiration, lacking in any edge, this is pathetic."
Los Angeles Times,30,"Instrumentally, the album might be as strong as any Stooges work, with blistering guitar, blazing tempos, and well-placed skronking sax, but time and again, Pop proves its hindrance. [#17, p.93]"
Slant Magazine,30,"The problem with The Weirdness is that it shoots its bolt immediately and has nothing left to offer. [Apr 2007, p.93]"
Hot Press,25,"Even at 40 minutes, this album is interminable."
cokemachineglow,20,"Pop's lyrics about his penis and ATMs are beyond self-parody."
Boston Globe,20,"It sounds like 4th generation Stooges impersonators."
NOW Magazine,10,"I'm listening to 'Free And Freaky'--the third track on this new, horrible Stooges album and possibly the worst song ever written by anyone anywhere--and I can't believe you actually just rhymed 'Obama' with 'Dalai Lama' and 'baby's mama.' [Apr 2007, p.191]"
Hartford Courant,10,"Cringe-worthy lines are unfortunately rampant through The Weirdnesss (long) forty minutes."
Austin Chronicle,10,"An album that hideously disgraces the band's original work."

Playlouder,91,"On Make Another World, Idlewild dare listeners to ignore them with thrashing tracks like the punk/disco mash-up ''No Emotion.''"
Q Magazine,70,"The powerful tunes make this an odd thing: a subtle album, fit for stadiums. [Mar 2007, p.83]"
PopMatters,70,"There's nothing radically different on offer, but fans will take heart from the sound of a band re-energised. [Mar 2007, p.112]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Make Another World finds Idlewild balancing their twin loves of volatile angst-rock and vivacious indie-pop neatly and professionally."
Under The Radar,70,"At ten songs and just 35 minutes, Make Another World puts its weaker songs into sharp focus, but the best songs and the bands determination keep winning you over."
Uncut,62,"A lot of Make Another World doesn't stick the way good guitar pop should."
The A.V. Club,60,"Such inconsistency is forgivable on an overreaching debut, less so on a sixth album just 35 minutes in length."
The Guardian,60,"Sadly, there's little to propel them to radio ubiquity or challenge the Britrock big hitters, but then, maybe, that's the whole point. [Mar 2007, p.95]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"A welcome change of pace."
Alternative Press,60,"For Idlewild fans, especially of the older school, there is more than enough here to warrant a pilgrimage to your local record shop."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Make Another World falls off dramatically after the solid first half. [#17, p.91]"
Pitchfork,40,"Put simply, Idlewild have become a band of considerable accomplishment.... But that same proficiency proves curiously deadening."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Too often [Woomble] is an impotent voice struggling to cut through the clutter. [Apr 2007, p.88]"
Uncut,40,"Woomble... shows an innate inability to keep pace, vocally and emotionally, with the thrusting guitars, driving drums and push toward intensity the band bids for."

Q Magazine,90,"Cunniff has never sounded more joyful as a singer or writer as she does here."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Where Jackson occasionally seemed as if they were in a rush to jam as many styles into their sound as possible, Cunniff digs deeper into her idiosyncrasies, creating music that feels unhurried and flows easily."
PopMatters,70,"A delightfully breezy and refreshingly hopeful chill-out solo disc. [24 Feb 2007]"
Pitchfork,67,"Sadly, her lyrics slide into threadbare banalities. [23 Feb 2007, p.98]"
Hot Press,61,"Shes still plenty capable of bringing the funk when she plays to her strengths. Unfortunately, she only does so for half of City Beach, relegating her solo debut to little more than a curiosity for the Luscious Jackson hardcore."
Mojo,50,"There's charm in its corniness. [Feb 2007, p.82]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Much of City Beach is sort of bland and a little corny."
musicOMH.com,40,"Too many songs rely on sappy love-song cliches, bland arrangements or saccharine lyrics. [Mar 2007, p.135]"
Under The Radar,40,"If I didn't know better, I'd swear Jill Cunniff had crawled under a rock and refused to listen to any music since her old band, Luscious Jackson, split in 99."
The Guardian,40,"A mostly dull record of disco-lite. [#17, p.98]"
Spin,40,"Even the better tracks fall a little flat."
NOW Magazine,30,"I admire Cunniff's attempt to create positive, breezy music. I just wish it were better."
Slant Magazine,20,"The music sounds less and less related to Cunniffs roots, more and more similar to a slew of interchangeable soft-pop songs, of the type youre likely to hear in a doctors office or a grocery store."

AllMusic,91,"Lo and behold, it turns out these pasty emo boys are a pretty great blue-eyed soul band."
Billboard,91,"So when you see Infinity On High getting praised, dont bother scoffing. This deserves to get praised. There's a lot on here that's great and pretty much nothing that's bad."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"FOB could've cut an album's worth of club hits and still found an audience. Its refusal to do so shows it still knows the difference between selling records and making fans."
cokemachineglow,80,"Some of the band's most gut-wrenching and powerful melodies to date. [Mar 2007, p.133]"
Spin,80,"Infinity on High reveals a group that has grown so confident with success that the members are willing to give in to their every musical whim. [Feb 2007, p.83]"
Rolling Stone,80,"A shamelessly melodic, wild and powerful pop record. [10 Feb 2007]"
Alternative Press,80,"It requires a certain level of self-denial to hate Fall Out Boy, as in, 'No, I don't like huge hooks, soaring choruses or wild-eyed expressions of youthful ambition.' If so, congratulations, you're 800 years old. Or a Joanna Newsom fan."
NOW Magazine,80,"Gleaming with instant hooks, this is a uniformly radio-friendly album. It's also a hugely addictive and likeable one. [Mar 2007, p.108]"
Under The Radar,70,"For a band that was once so self-assured and able to utilize its talents so compellingly, the album is regrettably haphazard."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It's nothing if not infectious."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Infinity on High is notably better than their previous installment."
PopMatters,70,"On Infinity on High, they expose the secret life of boys, in hilariously bloodcurdling detail."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Like Maroon 5... Fall Out Boy has found a middle ground where its raffish charm is edgy enough to engage teens in love with angst, and safe enough for the mass consumption that's sure to follow."
Stylus Magazine,70,"They may not be happy, but they haven't forgotten to be catchy."
The A.V. Club,70,"While none of the new albums hooks match the taurine-mainlining rush of Sugar, Were Goin Down, theres still lots to love."
Alternative Press,70,"Essentially, Infinity On High is From Under The Cork Tree, except this time done well."
Spin,70,"The band's unusual songwriting method generally works."
Billboard,70,"So once you get over the fact its farcically emo, this album turns out to be a decent enough record to get you in the mood for the Saturday night indie disco."
NOW Magazine,60,"With a unique Backstreet Boys meets Bon Jovi production sheen, every track holds its own."
Q Magazine,60,"Fall Out Boy hasnt turned into a band of rock-star blowhards yet; its still too hyperactive and catchy. But the songs were more fun when it was a band of underdogs. [5 Feb 2007]"
AllMusic,60,"A brave endeavour. But unlike My Chemical Romance's Black Parade, Infinity On High has critically little sense of its own ridiculousness. [Mar 2007, p.79]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Its a CD stuffed to the gill with great tunes, but little else. There's nothing to hang your heart on, as much as there's a huge amount to move your head and feet to."
PopMatters,60,"Anthems are plenty on 'Infinity on High,' and odds are good the fans are so well versed in bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz's pun-saturated, self-referential verbiage that they'll simply surrender -- as they should -- to the familiar burly riffs and candied hooks."

Rolling Stone,100,"One of the most surprising and magical records for which Damon Albarn has ever been responsible."
Hartford Courant,90,"Where 'Parklife' was exuberant and almost knowingly callow, 'The Good, The Bad & The Queen' is weary, confused, almost mourning for what once was."
The Guardian,89,"A near-perfect sonic snapshot of London under Blair's blowback blitz."
Blender,88,"They sound like a seasoned team, an understated unit where nothing dominates and everything contributes to enhancing the moods of Albarn's songs."
Sputnikmusic,83,"The mood is more melancholy than the lineup would suggest  much of the album sounds like ''Waterloo Sunset''-era Kinks set to languid dub grooves."
Slant Magazine,80,"Neither the return of the Last Gang In Town, nor the crisp, literate, wonderfully confident pop with which Albarn perfectly crystallised the mid-1990s. Instead, The Good, The Bad & The Queen is a noir-ishly understated suite of songs, further testament to its chief author's need to keep on moving. [Jan 2007, p.98]"
Hot Press,80,"For all its weird beauty, this is very much Damon's record - much more so than Gorillaz. Or indeed, Blur."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Even with all the name players involved, Albarn focuses the spotlight on the songs, which are terrific. [Jan 2007, p.92]"
The New York Times,80,"Albarn claims this album is a letter to the London of today, but it's impossible not [to] get swept into the grandfatherly smell that permeates every number. [Dec 2006, p.127]"
Uncut,80,"The eclectic elements combine for dark, muted balladry a la Syd Barrett or the Beatles' White Album, with a touch of dub."
Drowned In Sound,80,"You're left both marvelling at the album itself, and considering what a unique figure Albarn cuts. If you doubt it, try to imagine the result if any of Britpop's other major players had assembled a supergroup and made an anti-war concept album. Now take your fist out of your mouth."
Boston Globe,80,"This is possibly not an album for those wanting immediate hooks and satisfaction, but it's a remarkable achievement and more proof - if any were needed - that Albarn is one of the most innovative and talented songwriters of his generation."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The music, however lean, is the most poignant vision Albarn's devout Anglo-centrism has offered: a beautifully dark, boozy, overcast dream of London, cinematic in its scope and careful in its craft."
Playlouder,80,"While unlikely to ignite the zeitgeist as 'Parklife' once did, 'The Good, The Bad & The Queen' probably says just as much about Britain 13 years on."
Austin Chronicle,80,"He's orchestrated a unified, dramatic album -- it's a tapestry of impeccable, sorrowful, yet sultry soundscapes -- but given the pedigree of this band, it's hard not to wish that the album offered more of the quartet just playing, gussied up with no effect. Nevertheless, as an album The Good, the Bad & the Queen is singularly effective."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Albarn seems bent on exploring unsettling moods and shuffling rhythms rather than gleaming melodies and addictive choruses. [Feb 2007, p.94]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Good, the Bad & the Queen positively crackles with life and melody throughout."
Mojo,80,"More than any rock album in recent memory... this is a producer's creation."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"If nothing else, The Good, the Bad & the Queen is a clear demonstration of Albarn's maturation."
Spin,75,"It is a funereal album whose spark and anger is obscured like the smoldering foundations of a burnt out city."
Urb,70,"It's not Blur, the Clash, Fela, the Verve, or Gorillaz. It's more than just names on albums."
Rolling Stone,70,"This is a beautiful record; so wistful and reflective when it finishes itll make you feel instantly nostalgic."
The Guardian,70,"While The Good, The Bad & The Queen is more than the sum of its parts, it's also less than you'd expect. [#16, p.92]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Good is comparable in spirit to the everything-is-in-play feel of Clash albums like Sandinista!. [Feb 2007, p.128]"
Village Voice,70,"Sounds far richer than the one-off project that it is. [#74, p.97]"
Dot Music,70,"But for all its momentary highlights, this is a record that doesn't tend to grow on you as much as sink and seep into your skin: and it does this slowly."
AllMusic,70,"With haunted, abstract songs that are about as easily grasped as passing specters or gusts of sea mist, the Good, the Bad and the Queen is a dream collaboration that sometimes feels like a nightmare."
Q Magazine,70,"Were left with a brilliant, often mesmerizing but all-too-sketchy defeatist manifesto on the surface, which, with further musical fleshing-out (Verve guitarist Simon Tong is woefully underused), might have been worth serious investigation."
PopMatters,68,"The results are cohesive almost by default, considering how monochromatic the bulk of the disc comes off. Yet monochrome by design isn't necessarily a bad thing, especially when you're out to challenge rather than entertain."
Trouser Press,65,"If anything, thats the trick here: each time the listener pegs it with one of Albarns past sounds, the track subverts and confounds the expectation."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Unlike the rousing punk-, Kinks- and new-wave-colored mosaic of Parklife, this one sticks to sepia-toned, dub-nodding abstractions. [Jan/Feb 2007, p.86]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"[It] comes off as another Albarn project that's neither amazing or anathema. [Feb 2007, p.122]"
Amazon.com,60,"Mood music doesnt get any moodier than the Good, the Bad & the Queen. [29 Jan 2007]"
BBC collective,60,"The biggest surprise is how rarely this scratch supergroup really swings to its full potential. [Feb 2007, p.68]"
Under The Radar,50,"It's easy to respect the album's sustained washed-out tone, but it'd be nice if the songs were memorable past their running time. Intrigue without any payoff makes for pretty dull listening."
Vibe,40,"'The Good, the Bad and the Queen' seems to be waiting for a payoff that never materializes."
Magnet,30,"For all its aural pleasantries, it seems bored, lethargic, strapped, bounded and paralyzed by mysteriously viscous elements."
Drowned In Sound,20,"A dreary dump of sad sack pop blather that makes poor use of the substantial talent on hand."

Hartford Courant,90,"Learn to Sing Like a Star was certainly worth the wait, and if fans will listen closely enough, they'll understand that Hersh's sophistication as both a singing poet and composer has grown almost immeasurably."
Lost At Sea,80,"It has the ambition, enthusiasm and intensity of an artist still pushing the envelope. [27 Jan 2007]"
Pitchfork,80,"As with any Kristin Hersh long-player, Learn To Sing Like A Star will of course take a dozen or so spins to reveal its true merits to listeners."
cokemachineglow,80,"[It] further cement[s] Hershs status as one of 'alternative' rocks most valuable all-time players, a songwriterand yes, singerof enduring worth to popular music."
Blender,80,"Learn To Sing, which falls somewhere in-between her typically spare acoustic solo outings and her harder-edged Throwing Muses output, might be her most coherent, consistently listenable record since Hips And Makers."
Alternative Press,80,"A rich and rewarding album from an artist who - thankfully - keeps on evolving in subtle and exciting ways."
The New York Times,80,"Sonically, there's no radical steps forward here, but then standing still for Kristin Hersh is pretty much the equivalent of most people's sprinting: we could do with a few more of her."
Uncut,80,"The album is full of Hersh's characteristically strong songwriting and the emotional uppercuts that make her best work so gutsy."
The A.V. Club,78,"Learn to Sing Like a Star is the full Hersh experience, encompassing as it does all of her back-catalog iterations, from the knife-throwing thrills of the Throwing Muses' precise power pop to the cutting melancholia of her Hips and Makers-era balladry."
Billboard,70,"Hersh has made great personal strides since branching off on her own."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Saturated with stark realism, her confessionals and fictions mark the grueling aftermath of pop's lovey-dovey daydreams. [Mar 2007, p.136]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Though garlanded in elegant strings, it's as furiously seething a record as she's made in 20 years. [Mar 2007, p.82]"
AllMusic,70,"Further proof of Hersh's glittering place in the rock firmament after two decades of making music. [Mar 2007, p.112]"
Billboard,70,"Hersh returns to her rocking roots, straying from the confessional folk that dominated her post-Muses solo work."
Delusions of Adequacy,62,"Hersh produces the record herself, and she doesn't do her compositions any favors.... Still, her voice has that edgy intimacy it's always had."
PopMatters,60,"It won't satisfy hook-hungry Jewel fans, but Learn to Sing wears Hersh's experience like a custom-tailored hair shirt. [Feb 2007, p.84]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Sometimes the album slips into haziness. But the best songs are unsettling in a good way."
musicOMH.com,60,"As usual, if you scratch the surface there's a lot more going on than you'd initially realised. [20 Jan 2007, p.31]"
Playlouder,60,"You kind of know what to expect from a Kristin Hersh solo album, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. [Mar 2007, p.102]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Learn to Sing Like a Star threads together Hersh's myriad musical guises while striving for some of the immediacy and distinctive yelp of her Throwing Muses heyday. It mostly works. [Mar 2007, p.69]"

Austin Chronicle,83,"Equally adept at rave-ups and ballads, Incubus even make their unexpected forays into space-rock work. [1 Dec 2006, p.82]"
Amazon.com,80,"On Light Grenades, they are a tightly focused, purposeful band, shifting moods and textures at the drop of a dime, proving that they have become a rare thing: a modern heavy rock band that actually grows and improves with each album."
Alternative Press,75,"'Light Grenades' refines the band's attack modes: melodic and muscular, gentle and intense."
Uncut,70,"Fans who have been frustrated with recent output will be able to find a lot to like here."
Q Magazine,70,"Overall, it's what you'd expect from Incubus--and that isn't a bad thing. [Jan 2007, p.138]"
Hartford Courant,70,"Its not an album that will be easily forgotten."
Pitchfork,70,"An admirably muscular and direct effort. [Jan 2007, p.145]"
Spin,60,"At its worst, Light Grenades is a little scattered, but when it's good, Incubus sound only like their hard-rocking sentimental selves."
Rolling Stone,60,"The tearjerkers flow free on their sixth studio album. [Jan/Feb 2007, p.88]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The album flounders during their attempts at arty funk. [Jan 2007, p.92]"
Mojo,40,"The musics intricacies become less impressive when so many of them are directly lifted from far better songs. [27 Nov 2006]"
Paste Magazine,40,"'Light Grenades' offers little change to Incubus' formula of having Brandon Boyd perform his brand of strained vocal gymnastics. [2 Dec 2006, p.30]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The band seem to have suffered a who-are-we?-style mid-life crisis. [Jan 2007, p.100]"

AllMusic,100,"A quantum leap above not only Brand New's prior work... but beyond anything that any band in this scene are currently creating. [Jan 2007, p.129]"
Los Angeles Times,90,"The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me is the completion of their pop-punk molting process and one of the best surprises -- that isn't really a surprise at all -- to come out of 2006."
musicOMH.com,88,"Their third effort finds the four-piece twisting confessional post-punk into something startling, brash, and exhilarating."
Alternative Press,80,"Brand New took a huge step forward in 2003 with Deja Entendu, tossing away everything predictable about emo. But the leap on their third studio album is even bigger, and gutsier too: using rocks earthly forces to amplify the hearts greatest loves and fears, and in the process summoning the kind of grandeur that blows minds in bedrooms and raises fists in stadiums."
PopMatters,80,"They sound like a completely new band."
Q Magazine,80,"A compelling record that bears more resemblance to the indie of Bright Eyes or Modest Mouse than anything found on 2003's 'Deja Entendu'. [18 Nov 2006, p.33]"
Rolling Stone,80,"This is a superb album, and each time you listen to it youll find something new to like."
Blender,75,"With any band, ambition seems inextricably tied to bloat, but The Devil's better moments make a little pomposity endurable."
Spin,70,"'The Devil and God' plays its hurt with polish and panache, however, as Brand New's textured dynamics marry mood and an aggressive ebb-and-flow on nearly every track. [25 Nov 2006]"
The New York Times,70,"But though the intelligent rock is good enough to give you goosebumps, it's the angel in these fiery rockers who wins the tumultuous war of wills."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me builds on its predecessor's articulate wordplay, with lush tones that evidently evolved over the band's extended break."
Uncut,70,"The mall-ready hooks and occasional stabs at acoustic pop on Deja Entendu have been replaced by the sort of Radiohead-indebted bombast that begs to be played at lease-breaking volumes. [Dec 2006, p.99]"
Alternative Press,70,"While not as great a leap in style or maturity, The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me showcases more of what's great about the grown-up Brand New. [Feb 2007, p.60]"
AllMusic,67,"Gone is the self-reflective wit of 2003's Deja Entendu, replaced with beefed-up guitars and overwrought references to God. [1 Dec 2006, p.87]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Too much of The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me is just kind of heavy, and very so-so."
Blender,60,"This record is far more cohesive and creative musically, but it's less inspiring lyrically."
PopMatters,50,"Jesse Lacey... still conjures up arresting images but they rarely add up to coherent songsand nothing consistently cuts to the bone like Deja Entendus highlights."

New Musical Express (NME),83,"Downbeat but still catchy, tracks like 'baby come on' or the New Order-ish '155' could easily have featured on blink's bleakly impressive last CD. [17 Nov 2006, p.125]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Even with its flaws, When Your Heart Stops Beating possesses a surprising vulnerability, which gives the album an understated strength and makes it such an enjoyable listen."
The A.V. Club,70,"Songs like 'Baby Come On' and the spooky 'Little Death' show the musicians finally delivering the substance that was promised on Blink 182's self-titled 2003 release."
Billboard,68,"+44's first effort is an enjoyable diversion, but it's not apt to stop anyone's heart."
The Guardian,60,"blink-182 without the humor."
Village Voice,60,"There are more ideas here than Blink-182 had in their entire career; it's just that they're the same ideas that Jimmy Eat World had on their last LP. [11 Nov 2006, p.41]"
Spin,60,"A bit flat. [Jan 2007, p.131]"
Paste Magazine,50,"The lack of experimentation isn't necessarily a bad thing, though, and the album's finer moments come when Hoppus and Barker stick with what they know."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"[Many] of the songs sound like Blink castoffs."
Rolling Stone,40,"Blink-182 aficionados will find plenty to enjoy here, but for those who grew wearisome of the stale pop-punk formula years ago, +44s debut album is an unnecessary purchase."
Hartford Courant,40,"Hoppus, whose flat vocals once dovetailed deftly with Delonge's nasal whine, is sorely exposed as sole frontman. [Dec 2006, p.132]"

Stylus Magazine,90,"It fits and works together perfectly despite the fact that the songs showcase the development of a thirteen-year career."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Even the most hardcore disciple is likely to get something they might have missed before. [21 Oct 2006, p.35]"
AllMusic,83,"This is a lovingly crafted compilation that not only represents the raw live power of PJ Harvey but also tips a cap to John Peel and the raw power his sessions had on performers."
Amazon.com,80,"Here, as with most of her career, Harvey doesn't go for the easy choices."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"If you've yet to experience PJ Harvey, The Peel Sessions: 2001-2004 might be the perfect initiation. If you're a long time fan, don't pass this album up simply because you recognize many of the tracks listed."
Blender,80,"Stark, often stunning. [Dec 2006, p.121]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"She certainly turned in some of her most thrilling performances for the Peel Sessions."
Alternative Press,80,"This selection method lacks the cohesion of a proper album, but the uniformity of the raw emotion throughout offers some thrilling highpoints."
Hartford Courant,79,"A vibrant living record whose nervy, protean spirit pushes it miles beyond mere alt-rock radio nostalgia."
Rolling Stone,67,"A near-perfect collection, if a bit short."
Drowned In Sound,60,"[It] flashes with moments of greatness. [9 Dec 2006]"
Q Magazine,40,"It's disappointing that only 12 tracks have been handpicked for this release. [Jan 2007, p.124]"

Drowned In Sound,100,"Saturday Night Wrist proves yet again that Deftones have a corner on the transcendental-metal market. [Dec 2006, p.192]"
New Musical Express (NME),90,"If youve even the slightest interest in heavy music, you simply must make Saturday Night Wrist an integral part of your record collection."
Stylus Magazine,83,"The album is mostly a heady, atmospheric, willfully too-difficult-for-radio wash of sound that, save for a handful of tracks, stretches out and explores Deftones' creative limits more than ever before."
AllMusic,80,"Wrist is yet another excellent record from mainstream hard rock's only real hope."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Boasts some of the Deftones' best out-and-out metal tunes to date. [3 Nov 2006, p.76]"
Uncut,70,"Features the kind of envelope-pushing fans have come to expect."
Dusted Magazine,70,"After a long apprenticeship, Deftones have started to sound like their own band: one that seesaws between agonized crooning and hard-rock attack, within songs as well as through albums. [30 Oct 2006]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Their most well-rounded, focused record yet, one that comes scarily close to besting White Pony while heading in a slightly different direction at the same time."
Pitchfork,70,"The songwriting never quite comes together, but this is a metal record that gets by as much on sonic tricks as monster riffs."
Austin Chronicle,70,"['Wrist'] sees [Deftones] continue to explore that hazy hinterland, where The Smiths' sensitivity and Sepultura's sledgehammer riffs overlap. [28 Oct 2006, p.35]"
Billboard,70,"Ultimately, Saturday Night Wrist is satisfying, though it may take a few listens given all the changes in individual cuts that tend to blur together the first time or two through."
Mojo,61,"Saturday Night Wrist continues the Deftones sad trend, another album of scattered transcendent moments in a field of attention-getting parlour tricks, still eagerly tugging at the listeners sleeve to say, 'Listen to this sound we created!'"
Alternative Press,60,"For most of 'Saturday Night Wrist,' Deftones contentedly let their instruments wander, inventing a meandering soundscape that broods in near darkness. [4 Nov 2006]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"A record that feels massive without tipping into bombast. [Nov 2006, p.106]"
The A.V. Club,60,"A sideways step in the right direction. [Nov 2006, p.97]"
NOW Magazine,60,"The Deftones' fifth album turns the dial to 'statesmen.' [Dec 2006, p.172]"
Entertainment Weekly,58,"When the Deftones are successful, they seem to slow down time, expanding on floating moments of doubt and mystery. When theyre not busy getting bogged down in all those mini-moments, dragging the album through dread patches of sluggishness that is."
Amazon.com,40,"There's little of the fire and invention that characterised 2000's White Pony. [Nov 2006, p.140]"

The New York Times,90,"In the Absence of Truth is as solidly explosive and as adventuresome as Panopticon, but their elemental control over the music is greater, therefore creating a more even production."
PopMatters,83,"Despite a couple brief dull spots, the ingredients are so carefully selected and masterfully performed that the collection creates a pretty endlessness, existing at its best as one long take of dark-n-stormy post-rock."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's certainly a leap further into the ethereal weirdness that defined 2004's shoegaze- and electronics-inspired Panopticon. [Nov 2006, p.192]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The dynamics and musicianship of songs like 'Not in Rivers, but in Drops,' '1000 Shards' and 'Holy Tears' reveal a band at the top of its game. [4 Nov 2006]"
AllMusic,80,"Even if the high-minded concepts prove elusive, no worries. [Nov 2006, p.138]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Theyve pushed themselves on this album, striving to achieve something honestly different to what was released before it. Occasionally theyve fallen short of perfection, but for the most part this album is a certifiable success."
Billboard,80,"Its the sound of a band knowing how to execute the formula to near-perfection, each lengthy song teasing us, ebbing and flowing hypnotically, tantalizingly hinting at a huge crescendo of sonic pyrotechnics that doesnt quite arrive in full. In other words, a comfortable tension."
Uncut,80,"They remain a fantastic band, constructing their own cities of sound, a strange architecture with wine-dark interiors."
Spin,75,"The songs are still long, the rhythms are still organic, and in general Isis still sounds like Isis."
Blender,75,"Theirs is music brimming over with passion first explored, then exploded."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Its still unclear where this band is going. [23 Oct 2006]"
Q Magazine,65,"Underwhelming."
AllMusic,60,"Every strong point is matched by a weaker one, but there is never an extremity of either."
Pitchfork,50,"In the process of adding new facets to their sound,  Truth winds up reinforcing self-imposed limitations."
Alternative Press,50,"Truth subverts metal's natural will to power with dreamy, ambient passages that are never as sublime as the band clearly thinks they are. [Dec 2006, p.98]"
Billboard,40,"Alas, it feels like In the Absence of Truth finds the band both spinning its wheels and running out of ideas."
Blender,40,"It's a powerful formula, but one the band perfected with their 2002 album Oceanic. [Dec 2006, p.141]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"The lurch towards conventionality has exposed Isis' limitations: their paucity of melodic ideas, the pompous drumming, the lack of wit or soul. [Jan 2007, p.100]"

PopMatters,100,"The Black Parade is MCR's whole raison d'etre rolled up into one mega-decibel calling card. [Nov 2006, p.179]"
Dusted Magazine,100,"What makes 'The Black Parade' so exciting isn't anything rock is quite used to.... My Chemical Romance expresses the next generation's quest by redrawing the boundaries of reality itself."
Stylus Magazine,100,"This is such a great, great record for so many reasons."
Prefix Magazine,100,"For the first time in what seems like a long time, here is an album that is going to be deservedly huge."
The New York Times,91,"This album is not just the band's most adventurous but also its best."
cokemachineglow,90,"They've created the Sgt. Pepper of screamo."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"This is one to file alongside 'American Idiot', 'Doolittle' and 'Nevermind' on your greatest US rock albums shelf."
Village Voice,90,"Simultaneously brutal and hilarious, and bristling with wake-up-call urgency, The Black Parade may prove to be the best rock record of the year."
Spin,80,"The most bonkers album of the year, but one of the best."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It makes for a record that's their strongest, most cohesive yet, even if it isn't quite as weird or compelling as it should be given the group's lofty ambitions."
Q Magazine,80,"The Black Parade... is the best mid-Seventies record of 2006, a rabid, ingenious paraphrasing of echoes and kitsch from rock's golden age of bombast."
Uncut,80,"'The Black Parade' is a big, fat, obnoxious, difficult, overbaked concept record and it's all the more exciting for it."
Alternative Press,80,"[It] sees them break out of the subculture in spectacular style. [Nov 2006, p.123]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"It's a compelling record in the same way as Green Day's 'American Idiot' was: Each shows a band pushing itself to grow, and succeeding far more than anyone could have reasonably expected."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's a savage, heartfelt, at times hilarious goth-mosh emopera. [Nov 2006, p.95]"
Playlouder,80,"As with many concept albums, the concept itself gets buried beneath the show-off virtuosity, the band's ringing need to not only impress but bedazzle the listener."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Fans will be baffled, but this is magnificently deranged stuff. [Nov 2006, p.147]"
Blender,60,"They've succeeded at making a good big-dumb-rock record, but you get the sense they didn't mean for it to be quite this dumb."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Tight as a unit, and apparently determined to create music that will, in one way or another, appeal to everyone, My Chemical Romance are in danger of forgetting that hooks, riffs, and yes, aggression, are also needed to stay on top of their game."
The New York Times,60,"Despite its bleak outlook, this is a record big on nagging choruses and arm-punching emo punk that--more often than not--aims for the mainstream artery. [Dec 2006, p.110]"
The Guardian,58,"This is a goofy record of bubblegum punk, with Queen lapping at its edges and enough good tracks to justify the smattering of empty screamfests."
AllMusic,50,"For all that sonic triumph, the lyrics feel like an empty gesture, subTrapper Keeper woe-mongering that'll thrill suburban teens but sounds odd coming from guys old enough to know better."
Rolling Stone,47,"These songs contain all the accoutrements of anguish and despair: he sings the words, he screams the words. So why does it all sound so fake?"
Dot Music,20,"It reeks of a band with ideas above their station."

Uncut,80,"Their most accomplished and least anxious record yet. [Nov 2006, p.182]"
Hartford Courant,80,"As emo-tastic as Threes is, it merely sizzles in ways their debut singed. [Oct 2006, p.128]"
Spin,80,"Sparta... sounds like a beast that's broken its chains and is fighting between the road ahead and going back from whence it came."
ShakingThrough.net,75,"Recall[s] a punkier U2. [27 Oct 2006, p.72]"
Q Magazine,70,"Call it diversity; call it inconsistency; whatever. Moving in some direction is half the battle. [#22, p.93]"
NOW Magazine,70,"It's clear Sparta have finally come into their own."
PopMatters,70,"If Sparta have been damned thus far as the weaker of ATDI's progeny, let it be so no longer."
Mojo,70,"There's mammoth hooks and meaningful shouting galore here. [Jul 2007, p.116]"
Stylus Magazine,61,"The group is a conglomeration of influences that, while pleasant enough, doesn't rise above being anything more than a mixing board of cool-sounding favorites."
Village Voice,60,"Sparta have evolved, with a melodic approach and a postdepression, fist-pumping attitude. [Nov 2006, p.104]"
cokemachineglow,50,"The newest incarnation of Sparta has that trying too hard sound to it, a sound thats careful and measured, a sound that sounds just a little too bound to the studio for a rock band."
Observer Music Monthly,42,"Threes is their most average album yet, sounding similar to their two previous full-lengths but lacking the confrontational loudness of Wiretap Scars or the precision of Porcelain."
Alternative Press,42,"Where Amputechture is directionless but at least clever about masking its influences, Threes is directionless and completely predictable."
Urb,30,"The truth is, even Angels & Airwaves do this sort of epic-emo thing with more verve, if not more Verve. [#73, p.96]"
AllMusic,20,"A nearly unlistenable, shiny mess of weepy college rock."

Entertainment Weekly,70,"Now they are finally more punchy than punchable. [Nov 2006, p.140]"
Filter,70,"Surprisingly lean, vibrant and enjoyable."
NOW Magazine,60,"A short, sharp blast of snotty fun that suggests the party is not over yet."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Their forte remains unashamed headbanger action. [Nov 2006, p.114]"
Uncut,60,"Some of their poppiest songs to date. [Nov 2006, p.106]"
Pitchfork,50,"For the most part it's clear that the New Zealanders have lost what sense of direction or purpose they had left. [7 Oct 2006, p.39]"
Spin,40,"There are gospel singers, there are elements of Zepplin'y mysticism, and there are swampy Cajun tinged bits, but nothing hides the fact that it's too little too late."

PopMatters,100,"This is their third collaboration, but neither the casual, light-bodied 'Mutations' nor the intimate 'Sea Change' anticipated this kind of flowering. [24 Sep 2006]"
Stylus Magazine,91,"It's a sonic tour de force, and Beck seems comfortable in the info-storm."
The A.V. Club,91,"There's nothing here that Beck hasn't done before, but it sounds unexpected once again."
Magnet,88,"The Information is a truer return to the Odelay mentality--and surprisingly, the sound as well. [#22, p.92]"
Austin Chronicle,83,"Along the way, it scores a lot of points, thanks to Nigel Godrich's earthy but twisted production."
Q Magazine,83,"Unlike 'Guero' this one really has some war in it."
The Guardian,80,"If Beck gets better as he gets madder, this is definitely his best since 'Midnite Vultures' - maybe even since 'Odelay'."
Dot Music,80,"[A] darkly intelligent album."
Mojo,80,"Impeccably sequenced and incessantly engaging."
Uncut,80,"Fun, fresh and (mainly) utterly listenable, The Information is the most diverse and, at times, thrilling album you'll hear all year."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"He's turned his gaze back on himself and created a record that brilliantly summarises and even critiques his own past."
musicOMH.com,80,"One of the best albums Beck has ever made."
Los Angeles Times,80,"If you give it time, The Information eventually reveals itself as Beck's tightest, most purposeful album yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Despite the albums plethora of stylistic shifts and breakdowns, theres a solid coherency to The Information that allows it to flow from beginning to end without the listener losing interest."
The A.V. Club,80,"Overall, this collision of dirty loops and polished pop is Information you need. [Dec 2006, p.198]"
Filter,70,"His latest album plays like a subdued collection of greatest hits, dropping in on the sounds and themes of each preceding album with graceful brevity."
E! Online,70,"It's about three songs too long and a little all over the place. [Nov 2006, p.99]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),69,"Although The Information contains some of his most aware, intriguing lyrical head-scratchers yet, the familiar musical settings are something of a letdown from an artist famous for complete reinvention."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"More than with either Mutations or Sea Change, you can hear Godrichs rich instrumental layering beneath the rhythms.... Still, at fifteen tracks and over an hour, perhaps Beck needed a stiff editor more than the comfort of a familiar producer."
The New York Times,67,"What The Information lacks in Sea Changemanship it makes up for in Midnight Vultures, hats be damned."
PopMatters,66,"What sounded fresh and spontaneous a decade back now seems labored and wearying."
musicOMH.com,60,"Without the bizarre lyrical invention and fuck-shit-up whimsy of his earlier work, Beck's attempts at party jams come off woefully overwrought and flat, making the darker bits interspersed throughout seem intriguing by default."
Dot Music,60,"However annoying it sounds, give The Information a chance. By the time Horrible Fanfare rolls around, 15 numbers in, you'll be too dazed to resist."
Rolling Stone,60,"Information ultimately suffers from the same hollowness that weakened  Guero, but it's bolder at its best and less derivative of previous victories."
AllMusic,60,"[Contains] scattered but affecting shots of brilliance. [Oct 2006, p.117]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The bubbly cartoon funk of single Cell Phone's Dead is a winner, but tracks like 1000 BPM and We Dance Alone are mid-paced, cautiously funky numbers with neither the bare sentiment of Sea Change nor the ribald lunacy of Hansens late-90s bombs."
Alternative Press,60,"Even though The Information is neither a leap forward or nearly as exceptional as his previous collaborations with Godrich, it does serve as hope that Beck still has some great work ahead of him. [#15]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Despite his penchant for experimentation, much of his material remains accessible to casual listeners, even when he turns toward the self-indulgent."
Spin,60,"The Information is as creative, tuneful and interesting as you could wish from an established artist."
Pitchfork,60,"The Information... is hamstrung by the sensation that, though Beck likes rapping, he has little to say beyond smart-alec one-liners. [Nov 2006, p.138]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"The Information often feels hygienised and missing some grit. [Nov 2006, p.100]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The latter tracks sink into Beck-by-numbers fare. [Nov 2006, p.100]"
ShakingThrough.net,56,"Im convinced that Beck Hansen has a few more good albums in him. One things for sure, though: The Information isnt one of them."
NOW Magazine,50,"[The songs] demand reconstruction that can only come from multiple listens. Unfortunately, the initial impact of the record is so muted that only an artist as challenging and road-tested as Beck warrants such effort."
The Guardian,50,"Assured but tame. [Nov 2006, p.139]"
Village Voice,40,"Yet for all the headphone-worthy sounds, the pace seldom rises above a back-porch feel and, at times, the stickers meant for customizing the cover seem like more fun than the music."

Urb,100,"Crucially, Sam's Town sounds like a complete collection, with a far better strike rate than its predecessor."
BBC collective,80,"It is very good."
Under The Radar,80,"An action-packed blockbuster. [Oct 2006, p.104]"
Hartford Courant,80,"The album doesn't lend Flowers the gravitas he apparently yearns for, but it does prove that few are better at irrepressible pop hooks and fist-pumping choruses."
Playlouder,80,"'Sam's Town' is a sophisticated sonic metropolis."
Q Magazine,80,"The Killers are still as flashy, unintentionally funny, and flagrantly affected as ever."
Uncut,80,"But even if the music doesn't really work, it's hard not to listen to it in slack-jawed wonderment, since there's never been a record quite like it -- it's nothing but wrong-headed dreams, it's all pomp but no glamour, it's clichs sung as if they were myths."
Mojo,80,"A much better record than its predecessor. [Oct 2006, p.112]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Sam's Town works well as a cohesive album, despite its delusions of grandeur."
Prefix Magazine,70,"An album considerably richer than 'Hot Fuss' and far more worthy of mainstream hugeness."
Blender,70,"The highs aren't as high on 'Sam's Town,' but it's a better album overall."
Billboard,70,"Taken as a body of work it is certainly more consistent than Hot Fuss."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"With those sharp synth lines, and an interesting sense of melody, the Killers have made a good album."
Blender,67,"Those who don't enter Sam's Town with inflated expectations will find it's a pretty fun place to spend some time."
Mojo,67,"The Killers overextend themselves grabbing for the heartland's heartstrings."
The Guardian,62,"Flowers would do better to leave the theatrics back at Caesar's Palace. [#22, p.96]"
Billboard,60,"The problem... is that size seems to be used as an excuse for the lack of musical ideas. [Nov 2006, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Sam's Town is basically Hot Fuss with bigger, spanglier guitars and an all-round lack of restraint. [Oct 2006, p.93]"
AllMusic,60,"The Killers may have grown a heart for Sam's Town, but they also grew even bigger egos, and it's unlikely that the album's bombast and self-importance will convert any new fans."
Q Magazine,60,"Loose, sloppy playing and power hooks."
NOW Magazine,60,"The Killers album is, whisper it, pretty good in places."
Dot Music,59,"Not fully realizing where their strengths and weaknesses lie makes Sam's Town, despite the drastic makeover, roughly equivalent to Hot Fuss, a mediocre album surrounding a few towering singles."
Hartford Courant,58,"[It] offers only occasional flashbacks to the seedy glamour of the debut, instead settling on lightweight MOR clichs."
Drowned In Sound,58,"Whatever Sams Towns scant merits, the album reminds artists to be more careful about their role modelsand to avoid Bonos phone calls."
Delusions of Adequacy,52,"Ultimately, they don't come across as unbearably pretentious so much as just really, really misguided."
The A.V. Club,50,"With Sam's Town, they've removed the glopped-on Goth eyeliner, sprouted scruffy outlaw beards, and traded in urbane decadence for windswept super-romanticism. Bye-bye, Duran Duran; hello, Simple Minds."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Sam's Town is bloated with verses that helplessly swipe at capturing something, anything, significantly American. [Oct 2006, p.129]"
Filter,40,"With too much empty bluster and not enough decent songs, Sam's Town can only be regarded as a step back for The Killers."
Uncut,40,"On Sam's Town they seem like they're trying to make a big statement, except they have nothing to say."
Spin,40,"A cluttered, derivative mess. [Dec 2006, p.200]"
Slant Magazine,30,"Sams Town is so riddled with hackneyed clichs, pandering melodrama, and lazy songwriting, that we keep wondering just what gimmick Flowers will thrust upon us next in a desperate effort to hold our attention."
Prefix Magazine,30,"Of course it is good to be ambitious. Of course the Killers needed to update their sound, given that the 80s revival is fading away. But their new bombast is a classic case of a young band overreaching to assert its Significance."

Playlouder,83,"The Open Door, is more personal and, by accessing a deeper emotional palette, maybe even more universal."
Pitchfork,75,"Evanescence fans can rest easy knowing The Open Door handily re-creates the sonic storm of the debut."
E! Online,70,"Denser and more scuzzed-up than Fallen, the album amps everything up to gloriously epic, over-the-top proportions. [Oct 2006, p.129]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"Those who embraced 'Fallen' will doubtlessly fall even harder into 'The Open Door.'"
ShakingThrough.net,70,"The best songs on The Open Door are the creepiest."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"No one is likely to describe Lee as 'happy' - her music relies on an element of gloom - but she sounds confident and in control, and that gets Lee most of the way there."
Urb,60,"Fans will be thrilled to know that, despite the replacement of main guitarist and co-songwriter Ben Moody, Evanescence's sophomore album is at least as unsubtle as its predecessor."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sonically, it captures the Evanescence mythos better and more consistently than the first album... but without the songs, it doesn't resonate."
Rolling Stone,50,"Many of these theatrical, midtempo songs run together."
Alternative Press,50,"If the album serves any particular purpose, in fact, its to highlight the shortcomings of Amy Lee without her former bandmate."
PopMatters,40,"Stodgy miserablism predominates. [Nov 2006, p.117]"
The New York Times,30,"The Open Door is an exercise in how not to make a sophomore album (or any album for that matter)."

Entertainment Weekly,88,"Its as warm and melodic as the Soft Boys Nextdoorland was brittle and jagged."
E! Online,80,"It's that perfect balance of sadness, vitriol, and absurdity that makes Hitchcock (when he's on) such a legendary social commentator."
Blender,80,"Ol! Tarantula delivers the goods: jangly, addictive psychedelic pop of the type Hitchcock mastered with the Soft Boys and the Egyptians."
Billboard,80,"If you like catchy guitar pop with imaginative lyrics, Ol! Tarantula deserves a spot on your shelves."
Rolling Stone,80,"Terrifically jangling. [#73, p.99]"
Hartford Courant,80,"One of Hitchcock's very best. [Nov 2006, p.114]"
NOW Magazine,80,"[He] gets back to the sweetly twisted folk rock that he does so well. [Nov 2006, p.100]"
AllMusic,80,"Hitchcock has a knockout gift for Beatlesque melodicism, and the Venus 3 rev it up here with a beat-combo drive and star-shine twang that sound like Murmur in space."
The New York Times,78,"The quartet captures a harmonic pop mayhem they haven't approached individually with much consistency in the recent past."
PopMatters,76,"Ol! Tarantula isn't his best solo record, but it's in the top tier, and after all these years that's certainly something."
Uncut,76,"The best Hitchcock album of the new millennium: Less insistently jagged and catchy, but with a bit of sting wrapped in its more tasteful arrangements."
musicOMH.com,75,"Its a fine record -- one of his better in some time."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"Ol! Tarantula... is one of the eccentric singer-songwriter's best in years, mainly because it sounds almost exactly like something he would've recorded two decades ago."
AllMusic,75,"Unfortunately, the magic of [the] first three songs is never captured again."
Slant Magazine,70,"Hitchcock has made a return to garage rock not heard since 1989's Queen Elvis."
PopMatters,70,"His most conventionally rocking album in aeons. [Nov 2006, p.143]"
Magnet,70,"His most satisfying album in a decade. [Dec 2006, p.106]"
Uncut,70,"Its the best batch of songs hes had in a while."
Spin,60,"Hitchcock returns to his trademark: arpeggiated guitars swirling around hyperactive basslines with whimsical lyrics cloaked in harmony that turn dark without warning. [Oct 2006, p.76]"

Rolling Stone,90,"The Lemonheads is nearly as great as the band's masterpiece, It's A Shame About Ray, and far more dependable than the runner-up Come On Feel The Lemonheads. And it may be more fun than either."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The Lemonheads 2006 may not be breaking any new creative ground, but they couldn't sound in ruder health."
Pitchfork,80,"The best thing that can be said about The Lemonheads is that it sounds like the album Dando and company should have released in 1995."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"A moody, giddy, charming album, as ragged and dynamic as those the band were making half a lifetime ago. [Oct 2006, p.100]"
cokemachineglow,80,"It represents maturity and growth, all the while retaining the essence of what made The Lemonheads great. [#15]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Dando is in spiky, Buzzcocks-esque form. [23 Sep 2006, p.31]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"A likable, cogent album of adult punk-pop that matches Dando's easygoing voice to genial fuzz-rock."
Amazon.com,70,"The Lemonheads have never sounded so feral yet so tight. [Oct 2006, p.104]"
Q Magazine,70,"For latecomers to The Lemonheads this record isn't a bad place to start. For long-term fans it's a sure sign that Evan Dando isn't ready to be written off just yet."
Mojo,70,"If the songwriting isn't quite up to the standard of 1992's high-water mark It's A Shame About Ray, The Lemonheads marks a welcome return. [Oct 2006, p.122]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Theres enough in Dandos affable charm, dazed vocals and gentle, sorrowful lyrics to make large parts of this record a joy to listen to."
Paste Magazine,70,"The first Lemonheads record in 10 years makes a great case for meat and potatoes, verses and choruses, distortion pedals and minimal production."
Slant Magazine,70,"A welcome return to the fuzzed-out guitars, slacker sensibilities and indelible pop hooks for which the band is known. [Dec 2006, p.89]"
Dot Music,68,"Most listeners with a soft spot for those early-90s Lemonheads records will get a good spin out of The Lemonheads."
AllMusic,67,"The sound's a harder-edged variation on Ray, but only a few songs stick."
Uncut,60,"There's a broken feeling about this album, a resignation that reflects the trouble of the intervening years."
Under The Radar,60,"The Lemonheads is a harmless, melodic album that brings familiar material to longtime fans and new audiences alike."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"An album defined more by its background players than its star."
Trouser Press,60,"The Lemonheads is the album Dando should have made 10 years ago, and poppy punk ain't what it used to be. [Nov 2006, p.200]"
Mojo,60,"Agreeably chunky guitar pop. [Nov 2006, p.102]"
Drowned In Sound,56,"The greatest 1996 era melodic rock since... 1996. [#22, p.98]"
Q Magazine,50,"At its best, The Lemonheads sounds exactly how you want the Lemonheads to sound. [19 Oct 2006, p.132]"
PopMatters,42,"The Lemonheads is full of, for better or worse, comfort music. It radiates a blunted nostalgic glow that seeps through the frequent musical languor."

Hartford Courant,80,"Rough and refined, and nearly fourteen years into their career, The Cardigans have produced one of the finest albums of the year. [#15]"
Paste Magazine,80,"It does all go a bit Sheryl Crow occasionally... but the darker clouds remain. [Oct 2006, p.117]"
Pitchfork,75,"Super Extra Gravity is too deft to be too dark, though-- there's joy in its catharsis."
The A.V. Club,70,"The Cardigans probably still won't shake the one-hit-wonder reputation... but Super Extra Gravity proves that the group deserves more respect than that."
The Guardian,70,"Their best album yet."
Prefix Magazine,70,"A modest rebirth of sorts, Super Extra Gravity achieves a comfortable balance between the swagger of their late 90s work with the more melancholy sound of recent years."
NOW Magazine,70,"Super Extra Gravity... sounds like the product of a young, fresh quintet that's got a whole lot of rock left in 'em."
Alternative Press,64,"This is the musical equivalent of a Volvo wagon. [#22, p.102]"
Spin,60,"An uneven and slightly uneasy listen. [Nov 2005, p.112]"
Filter,60,"Not quite as beautifully forlorn as 2003's Long Gone Before Daylight. [Nov 2005, p.123]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Nina Persson sings like a warmer Aimee Mann, and the songs manage to deliver their payloads without clobbering you over the head, or schmaltzing out."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Super Extra Gravity matches their previous record, Long Gone Before Daylight, for its dour mood and sour attitude, its lack of discernible hooks, and the unappetizing flavor of the Cardigans' performances."
Under The Radar,50,"Is this a 'mature' album? Probably. But I can't help thinking that without Nina Persson's beautiful voice, Gravity just wouldn't have garnered a whole lot of attention."
Urb,40,"Curiously short on atmosphere. [Nov 2005, p.100]"
Pitchfork,40,"With her bandmates providing roughed-up backing that's neither appropriate nor compelling, Persson comes off like a stylish girl with unnecessarily ratty hair. [Nov 2006, p.97]"

Prefix Magazine,100,"This early-Roxy-Music-meets-late Led-Zep-style third studio album finds the band stepping back from total impenetrability with a pithy, eight-song, 76-minute set, guaranteed to restore the faith of those whose confidence in this grand enterprise was waning."
Dot Music,90,"Amputechture is the most complete, most listenable, and most accomplished album from the band to date."
PopMatters,80,"Its epic, mercurial, high-impact progressive rock that moves like a whirlwind."
Slant Magazine,80,"The album is little different than their two previous atom bombs, De-Loused in the Comatorium and Frances the Mute -- tense and anxious, continually pushing the boundaries of extreme production, with long periods of dynamics that rise ever higher, followed by an explosion of release (usually screaming hard rock with storms of atonal brass and horns)."
Filter,80,"Strikes a perfect balance. [Sep 2006, p.96]"
Mojo,80,"Amputechture shows a band honing their eruptive sound and bringing it into tight focus for the first time, routinely pushing their music to the wall without ever risking a breach."
Q Magazine,75,"You'd think these guys would've overheated by now, but they still love channeling chaos into one long river of song. [15 Sep 2006, p.77]"
Rolling Stone,75,"The punishing nature of the fusion furiosity is relieved by more soothing vocal sections. [12 Sep 2006]"
AllMusic,70,"It's on the second half where the Mars Volta catch fire. [21 Sep 2006, p.88]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"All in all, Amputechture can be compared to watching a Hollywood car chase: impressive, but ultimately a heartless experience."
Uncut,68,"Amputechture, with its obsessive exploration of religious fanaticism and the physical expression of devotional desire, is not an album wanting to be loved so much as feared and listened to with a sense of awe and taxed exasperation."
Spin,67,"Sequenced into one long, continuous piece of music, most of Amputechture's tracks arrive at impressive jazz-fusion pit stops that are all too brief."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It initially seems as if the moments of inspiration between self-indulgences are becoming scarcer. A bracing middle section resuces Amputechture. [Sep 2006, p.89]"
PopMatters,60,"As over the top as all this can be, Amputechture has little of the thrash influence that's made modern prog so deadening, and the impenetrable lyrics... are easily overlooked. [Sep 2006, p.104]"
Blender,60,"This record isn't for casual listening, so those checking out the Mars Volta for the first time should take it slow to prevent a sonic hangover."
AllMusic,60,"With each album, the band seems to grab for so much, reaching further and further into the musical abyss, and still and managinge to craft songs that boggle the mind and dazzle the ears. The only question is whether all this is just too academic. [#15]"
Mojo,50,"All Amputechture does is test patience. [Oct 2006, p.200]"
Slant Magazine,50,"It's solid, but as with Radiohead's Kid A follow-up Amnesiac, it highlights its predecessor's brilliance rather than asserting its own."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"There are bits of 'Amputechture' that sail perilously away from good honest prog into the realms of free jazz. [9 Sep 2006, p.37]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"Amputechture, though not near as spam-handed as Frances, is a bumpy ride, registering somewhere between the latter and debut full-length De-Loused in the Comatorium."
Rolling Stone,42,"It seems to prove a cardinal rule about art and ambition; if you paint in too many colors, you end up with mud brown. The Mars Volta could fill up whole galleries with canvases this color, and with Amputechture, have constructed another monochromatic monument to wild, uninhibited excess."
Drowned In Sound,40,"After an album's worth of tiring, spastic jazzy post-punk that smacks of musical masturbation, chances are you'll really miss At the Drive-In."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"It's sad to see a band that touts itself as experimental sounding like a watered-down, unfocused version of its younger self."
The A.V. Club,40,"Amputechture is more a series of events than a complete experience. It's as though the Mars Volta is simply seeing what they can get away with."
Uncut,40,"With nary a tune in earshot, it sounds like an explosion in a guitar shop. [Oct 2006, p.124]"
Spin,35,"Synths lap, strings weep soppingly, ham-fisted fingers tap, time signatures flash, and the amphetamine Beat poetry...is amphetamine Beat poetry."
Billboard,30,"Where 2005's harrowing Frances The Mute strikes the right balance between inspiration and indulgence, the Mars Volta loses its equilibrium with Amputechture. [#73, p.96]"
Under The Radar,24,"Maddeningly diffuse at best, and an engorged sonic clusterfuck at worst."

Alternative Press,70,"Welcome to the Drama Club shows that hes still got plenty of catchy hooks left."
Village Voice,60,"This is an album of mostly good songs by a mostly good band."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Most the tracks don't linger long after an initial spin or two."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"He's relying on the same sad melodies. And they're still quite effective. [Oct 2006, p.96]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"His hooks are still heavy and melodic, which makes Welcome to the Drama Club easy to listen to, even if it is too tidy."
NOW Magazine,40,"Seemingly every track... contains nothing but raw bile toward those who have wronged Alexakis. [21 Sep 2006, p.88]"
Prefix Magazine,40,"He's done it before, and better. [Oct 2006, p.135]"

Austin Chronicle,100,"Hearing Blood Mountain in its entirety is like awaking from a coma to discover you have working ears. [Oct 2006, p.206]"
Q Magazine,100,"Put simply: there isn't a bad track on 'Blood Mountain', which will be seen as the metal release of this year, on whichever level you care to mention."
Pitchfork,100,"If youve any interest, whatsoever, in rock music in any of its subgenre forms, you need to afford Blood Mountain some considerable attention."
Magnet,100,"With Blood Mountain, Mastodon have completed a three-album arc that most young bands can only dream of, culminating in a record thats as thrilling as it is multifaceted, as melodic as it is bludgeoning."
cokemachineglow,100,"Blood Mountain is terrifying in scope as well as execution."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"One could go on for hours about the qualities of each individual song, but it is the way they coalesce as a whole that makes Blood Mountain an incredible listen from start to finish."
PopMatters,90,"A study in elemental force that rides the line between thrash and plod with enlightened originality and compositional skill to spare. [Dec 2006, p.89]"
Slant Magazine,87,"If Blood Mountain, their brilliantly upsized and unrelenting third album, doesn't confirm their position as the greatest big-time metal crew on earth, I demand a state-by-state recount."
Spin,80,"Yes, sometimes more is better. [21 Sep 2006, p.82]"
AllMusic,80,"'Blood Mountain' is a strong record by a powerful band nearing an ideal of cohesion."
Rolling Stone,80,"Blood Mountain is everything fans both hoped for and feared. Mastodon has dug even deeper in its foray into prog metal, but without losing an ounce of their power, literacy, or willingness to indulge in hardcore punk, doom, and death metal."
Blender,80,"A truly original, innovative, heavy-as-hell, interesting heavy metal record that you can listen to more than twice without wanting to smash it to a million pieces with an axe."
Alternative Press,80,"The perfect entwining of brain and brawn. [9 Sep 2006, p.37]"
Playlouder,80,"Mastodon mostly veer clear of the slick atmospherics that turn other technical metal bands into post-rock wallpaper. [Oct 2006, p.117]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Intense, invigorating and beguiling."
PopMatters,77,"Most of the songs show the band in top form."
The A.V. Club,75,"Major-label metal hasn't sounded this hungry since Metallica got haircuts. [20 Oct 2006, p.81]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Baffling, but exhilarating. [Nov 2006, p.144]"
Paste Magazine,67,"An album of many highlights but not much visceral or emotional impact."
Pitchfork,67,"Blood Mountain is a big slab to grab, especially shakier bits such as Josh Homme stinking up 'Colony of Birchmen.'"
Rolling Stone,60,"Problem is, Blood Mountain's hail of convoluted riffs and abrupt time-signature changes never settles into one of Leviathan's mammoth grooves. [Oct 2006, p.137]"
The New York Times,50,"They're still not so great at turning their majesitc heft and pushy paradiddles into memorable songs with hooks. [Oct 2006, p.100]"
AllMusic,50,"When the members of Mastodon decided to make an audiophile's wet dream of a metal album, they abandoned the vein-bulging spontaneity of their former selves."
Observer Music Monthly,20,"Syrupy, multi-tracked vocals akin to Supertramp in a particularly foul mood have replaced the primal roar of old, while their tectonic hugeness has been supplanted by the wearisome over-indulgence of musos at play."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Their most colorful, diverse and consistent record yet."
Uncut,80,"Bracing stuff. [Oct 2006, p.127]"
ShakingThrough.net,75,"Despite some missteps... this comes close to fulfilling the promise of Audioslave's pedigree."
cokemachineglow,70,"In place of the band's distinctive head-banging limberness, there's a strange hybrid: a new sort of hard-rock soul, slightly lumbering in spite of its virtuosity. [Sep 2006, p.136]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Most of these twelve tracks are impressive structures with periodic highs... that never resolve into songs. [7 Sep 2006, p.105]"
Q Magazine,60,"Revelations is one step closer to their mutation into a more unified rock outfit."
Stylus Magazine,60,"For the first time Audioslave sound more like a cohesive unit than a product of two groups spliced together."
Austin Chronicle,60,"If you liked the formula then, youll like Revelations now."
Blender,58,"The actual music merely offers more of the same oddly faceless brand of heavy rock the group has been cranking out since its 2002 debut."
Spin,50,"Once again, the results feel too spotty."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Despite Mr. Cornells budding outrage, and the bands attempts to funk up its sound, Revelations has a tentative, unfinished air."
The Guardian,50,"Variety has never been Audioslave's strong suit. [Sep 2006, p.102]"
AllMusic,40,"Its rote alternarock thrills are meagre vittles compared to the revolutionary metal the principle players have wrought in the past. [Oct 2006, p.110]"
Q Magazine,40,"Too one-speed to attain the subtlety of Zep, too constipated to really funk out. [Oct 2006, p.99]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Excruciating fret wankery... appalling metal funk... and Chris Cornell 'singing' like a castrated gibbon throughout. [2 Sep 2006, p.21]"

Blender,90,"This is the band's most cohesive, accessible, melodic and lyrically viscous record to date. [#21, p.99]"
Rolling Stone,83,"Sounds like a collection of Exile on Main Street outtakes--and often good ones at that. [25 Aug 2006, p.86]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Stupid, clichd, utterly ridiculous for sure, but done with so much pizazz that you can't help but fall for its charms."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's all done with such snarling, adrenalised gusto that it proves irresistible."
PopMatters,80,"It's dumb, downhome fun, and deliberately gizmo-free. [Jul 2006, p.86]"
E! Online,70,"This album is just a purer distillation, a more joyous exaggeration of the smaller, more tasteful thrills offered by every posturing indie rock band out there."
Billboard,70,"At its best 'Riot City Blues' is dumb, fun and silly. [3 Jun 2006, p.33]"
The New York Times,70,"Listened to with an open mind, it's a refreshingly retro rock & roll album that uses its waste-oid imagination in capturing every fantasy that entered Bobby Gillespie's teenage mind."
Spin,60,"Though it's certainly refreshing after the murk of 2002's Evil Heat, the results are still variable. [Jul 2006, p.104]"
Mojo,60,"In creating a party record that will easily translate to the festival season's main stages they've also reversed out of the narrow tunnel that, for all their adventure, they were being led into by the bombastic Xtrmntr and Evil Heat. [Jul 2006, p.110]"
Uncut,60,"Looks back to Dixie-Narco, their 1992 EP that brought raw-power ferocity to Memphis soul. [Sep 2006, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The band mostly avoids the mythic seriousness of the past in favor of party-ready stuff like 'Country Girl' and meaty rock sonics."
Filter,40,"'Riot City Blues' starts fairly poorly and gets progressively worse."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Riot City Blues would make a wonderful addition to any pubs jukebox, but its galling how ordinary Primal Scream sound when theyre not crackling with the sparks of invention that coloured a record like Screamadelica."
musicOMH.com,40,"The songs are imitative and lackluster."
The Guardian,37,"It's nice that Primal Scream attacks these tunes with gusto, but the passionate performance doesn't hide the fact that this album is utterly inessential, little more than a sampler for what amounts to a really swell wedding band."
Uncut,30,"It's unconvincing and bland."
Playlouder,25,"They make two kinds of albums. File Riot City Blues under 'Shite.'"
New Musical Express (NME),23,"It's as if Primal Scream have run completely out of ideas and so they've reverted to the detestable fallbacks of honking harmonicas and bar-band choogles, acting like college freshmen who just discovered blues."

AllMusic,100,"In its progress from raw ambition to actual intent, this mirrors U2's great leap forward from Boy and October to War. [Aug 2006, p.108]"
Mojo,80,"It's a soulful, romantic album about what happens when the lights come up at the end of the night and life smacks you in the face."
Q Magazine,80,"Razorlight have dropped the urgency and brashness of indie-disco floor-fillers like 'Rip it Up' and traded it for the boldness of tracks such as 'Somewhere Else'. It isn't easy to graduate from teenage bedrooms to coffee-table status without compromising on credibility, but the quartet have managed it somehow."
Spin,80,"[It] touches on everything great about classic, epic rock from the past 30 years."
Rolling Stone,75,"Razorlight ultimately has more in common with Wham! than The Jam, and Bay City Rollers more than The Strokes. But the band can write a hook."
Dot Music,70,"[Razorlight] give post-Strokes neo-garage rock a tidy soul makeover. [Sep 2006, p.111]"
PopMatters,70,"They make honest indie rock for those looking for a solid, good song. There's no frills, no fancy production, just the purity of these songs."
Prefix Magazine,67,"Razorlight shoots from the hip noticeably more immediate than the group's more manicured 2004 debut."
cokemachineglow,60,"It strives shamelessly for the widescreen appeal of U2's Big Music. [Aug 2006, p.88]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"On the downside, Razorlight is lyrically hamstrung. [Aug 2006, p.104]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"The thinness of the sound, the lack of any edge, and the fact that most of these songs start off terribly prove too much to overcome, but Razorlight is not nearly the disaster that it could've been."
Pitchfork,50,"Theyve merely decided to exchange one set of quite transparent influences for another, less-effective set."
Q Magazine,50,"Up All Night is far from terrible and often a pleasant listen, but theres nothing particularly enchanting about singer Johnny Borrells vox, and if anything seems to be lacking here, its perhaps a sense of musical identity. [#15]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"It's those lyrics that make much of this second album such a disappointment."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"The tight arrangements are impressive in their guitar-bass-drums spareness, but the overall feel still falls somewhere between sterile and silly. [7 Sep 2006, p.107]"
The Guardian,30,"Razorlight is a bloodless, careerist record that has nothing to say that you havent heard a million times before."
The A.V. Club,28,"They've jettisoned nearly all their Strokes, Television, and other grab bag post-punk propensities, turning instead to adult alternative as a foundation for this late-20s midlife crisis. I guess if ya can't beat 'em, just quit and make soft rock!"
Spin,0,"The solipsism and trite accounts of benders from the first album are still there, but the music has gone exceedingly soft."

AllMusic,80,"A commanding return. [Nov 2005, p.131]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Starsailor find themselves in danger of being lumped in with the much-maligned 'Keaneplay' school of emote-u-like guitar rock. Yet judged on their own merits they are still producing the goods. [Nov 2005, p.104]"
Uncut,70,"They're a confident band, but the tragedy is they're at the top of someone else's game."
Mojo,70,"A spirited response to their detractors. [Nov 2005, p.106]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Here, the band do what anyone suffering from a knock to their confidence does - they revert to the safety of what they know best."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Nothing on On The Outside is truly awful--it's just, well, good, which these days, isn't quite enough to get the attention of a well and truly fickle nation."
Under The Radar,60,"By merely keeping up, they don't do much to separate themselves from the flock of young bands crossing the Atlantic -- again and again."
musicOMH.com,50,"Finds a band in utter denial of what is precisely its appeal. [Sep 2006, p.143]"
Rolling Stone,47,"Like every jerk who reads an Orwell or Rand novel and walks around a few days with a chip on his/her shoulder, Starsailor play the self-righteous yet simplistic social critic."
PopMatters,40,"Unleashes a torrent of bloated, if occasionally lovely, romantic anthems that aspire to cosmic insight, yet settle for greeting-card corn. [Sep 2006, p.112]"

Pitchfork,70,"(One) is a good rock album that likely could have been great if not for lack of a solid lead single and anything resembling overall coherence in its thematic overtones."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Surprisingly pedestrian. [18 Aug 2006, p.138]"
Q Magazine,50,"What this channel lacks is true feeling and originality."
Mojo,50,"(ONe) isnt the lightning weve been waiting for.  Still, it may well be enough to convince us to keep watching."
New Musical Express (NME),42,"It's hard to believe these men were once innovators."
Uncut,40,"For those listeners who pine for a world when Seven Mary Three received heavy rotation, this will satisfy, but anybody expecting the spark of Jane's Addiction or even a dose of Navarro's campy on-camera charm will be sorely disappointed."
Dot Music,40,"The result: a CD without hooks, impressive guitar pyrotechnics, or anything else, really. [Sep 2006, p.226]"
Slant Magazine,40,"(ONe) is decidedly safe and anything but experimental."
Prefix Magazine,40,"The Panic Channel... never quite click. [9 Sep 2006, p.37]"
Urb,40,"Distinctly average. [Oct 2006, p.119]"
Pitchfork,30,"Isaacss indistinct, flannel-waving wail doesnt add anything to these titanic anthems of soul and struggle, which dont say much beyond: Dave Navarro, still breathing, still taking meetings."
Spin,30,"Sounds a lot like a collection of rejected Foo Fighters tunes. [7 Sep 2006, p.107]"
Slant Magazine,30,"Perhaps the worst aspect of ONe is how on autopilot the band sounds. Even the flat-out rockers  like the opener, 'Teahouse Of The Spirits'  contain no guitar pyrotechnics and come off sounding limp and perfunctory."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"Could pass for a load of Stone Temple Pilots B-sides. [Sep 2006, p.106]"

Billboard,90,"Punchy, ragged, and frenetic, Waterloo To Anywhere surges forward, not-so-subtly aping The Strokes, The Clash, and The Ramones as well as delivering that precise buzz that can only be felt by the young, drunk, and excited."
PopMatters,83,"Think of it as a spin through London's sordid nightlife, with Barat as your cynical, grumpy guide. [11 Aug 2006, p.69]"
E! Online,80,"Smart; savvy; insanely resilient: 'Waterloo To Anywhere' is just the ticket."
AllMusic,80,"While the album is a fun first listen, it's in taking that second and third spin of Waterloo to Anywhere that the band's infectious quality becomes a full-fledged epidemic. [Sep 2006, p.142]"
Alternative Press,80,"Barat's music doesn't have the baggage associated with Doherty's brooding, poetic aspirations, but it doesn't quite have the same impact, either."
musicOMH.com,75,"Of course, it sounds ragged as all hell, but that was half of his old band's charm."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Waterloo To Anywhere is more pro and muscular than former endeavours, chiming more with labelmates Razorlights ambitious professionalism."
Uncut,70,"Barat does a great job of revitalising the ramshackle thrills that the Libertines did all too briefly so well."
Blender,70,"The fear was always that Dirty Pretty Things would resemble The Libertines with a vital ingredient missing, and that's surely what's transpired."
Rolling Stone,70,"For what it's worth, Waterloo goes round-for-round with Doherty's solo vehicle, but too much of its pop luster succumbs to could've/should've-been pathos, both lyrically and musically."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This is an album of gin-fuelled laments, uprisings and battered beauty: such dignity and sharp proficiency shows he can only do better."
Mojo,70,"In all its unfussy delights, its very nearly the great record that Babyshambles couldnt quite get together."
Slant Magazine,70,"Although it's a top-heavy record, Waterloo to Anywhere gets stronger with each listen; the melodies come through and the energy that at first seems restrained starts to break free."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"This is the far meaner, angrier and punkier [of the two post-Libertines albums] [Jun 2006, p.98]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"A good old-fashioned mod-punk'n'roll record--nothing more, certainly nothing less."
Urb,70,"Unfortunately his slurry vocals are often mixed too low, and his world-weary bons mots are undermined by jaunty melodies and tempos.... But Mr. Bart packs an electrifying amount of rage and misery into 33 minutes of music."
AllMusic,70,"An exceptionally well-crafted punk record: catchy, noisy, beat-y, quick."
E! Online,67,"With no foil to Barats grumpiness and bitterness, its therefore difficult to see anyone getting nearly excited enough to love Dirty Pretty Things as much as many loved The Libertines."
BBC collective,67,"There are flashes of inspiration and personal expression all over Waterloo To Anywhere, but too much of the record feels unfinishedand worse, one-note."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It doesn't sound like a masterpiece; then again, it does nothing to damage its maker's reputation, which is more than you can say for Doherty's post-Libertines efforts."
Dot Music,60,"Waterloo To Anywhere might not redeploy any cultural guidelines, but take it at its own merits and you may be pleasantly surprised."
Pitchfork,60,"It has more garage-rock energy than the enervated Babyshambles. [Jun 2006, p.98]"
Playlouder,60,"A tough, focused, danceable album. [Jun 2006, p.113]"
PopMatters,60,"Barat lacks Doherty's flash of unhinged genius, but his grasp of rock's basics is far firmer. [Sep 2006, p.139]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"Essentially, Dirty Pretty Things sound like a sober and well-rested version of The Libertines which honestly takes somea little of the fun away. [#15]"

Mojo,80,"'Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited' is an often fascinating and enchanting compilation as these things go, though I say, somewhat predictably, that there's no substitute for the real thing."
Billboard,80,"The translations offer many witty surprises."
The New York Times,63,"Some tracks, of course, are as sexy as a soggy batch of freedom fries once the words are comprehensible. But the best updates... have a seedy splendor all their own."
Rolling Stone,60,"Like most tribute albums, Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited is a rather hit and miss affair, but it may just persuade people to rediscover a man who was somewhat misunderstood throughout his life."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Not quite a match for the smoky blueprints, yet entertaining enough to inspire a trip to their source. [May 2006, p.128]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The new, not-so-great English translations hurt more than help. [Jun 2006, p.102]"
The Guardian,54,"With a more imaginative compiler--and fewer Big Names whose fame peaked years ago-- Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited could have turned out so much different."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Hit-and-miss. [Jul 2006, p.104]"
Uncut,20,"[A] failed attempt to straddle nostalgia and reinvention. [#21, p.95]"

Q Magazine,100,"Could very well be the best record of this restlessly self-critical career. [Jul 2006, p.90]"
Blender,90,"[His] best work in 20 years. [25 Jul 2006]"
Under The Radar,83,"With its laptop beats and closely micd intimacy, White Bread, Black Beer conforms to the dictates of a creator with endless time to play all the instruments and no one to please but himself, regrettably."
Playlouder,83,"Rarely have Pro Tools and a melancholy disposition fallen into such capable hands."
BBC collective,81,"Im beginning to think its one of the smartest records-- musically and lyrically-- well hear all year."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Lyrically he's as pleasingly obtuse as ever. [Jul 2006, p.101]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The songs, as far as the writing goes, are routinely terrific; however, the ones that rely most on convenient synthesized elements are a bit dainty and rudimentary and deserve to be made without the limitations of a home studio."
Uncut,75,"The pristine, synth-heavy result certainly sounds worried over, sometimes to its detriment. [28 Jul 2006, p.67]"
Mojo,70,"Even the ticking percussion and trilling synths can't hide the sheer melodic oddness of Gartside's songs. [3 Jun 2006, p.35]"
Pitchfork,70,"The chameleon has come home and still sounds like no one else."
Blender,70,"Over girl-group incantations, reggae lilt and courageously dinky old-school hip-hop allusions, Gartside searches for his emotional car keys, each comely coo abstracting him further from the truth he seeks. [Aug 2006, p.117]"
Filter,70,"Features some of his most beautiful, introverted and delicate tunes yet. [24 Aug 2006, p.94]"
Uncut,70,"Most of White Bread Black Beer is almost unbearably lovely."
The New York Times,60,"Occasionally there's a little too much going on... Overall, though, Gartside remains intriguing. [Jul 2006, p.116]"
Stylus Magazine,50,"Despite White Bread Black Beer's undeniable beauty, it feels largely out of place as a product of the contemporary spectrum of music."
The A.V. Club,40,"Wordy but somnambulant. [Sep 2006, p.112]"

Pitchfork,80,"A typically heartfelt and demonstrative record given to wistful glances backward. [Aug 2006, p.90]"
Mojo,80,"Sounds like a man freed from the shackles of history. [22 Jul 2006, p.31]"
AllMusic,80,"An Everything Must Go-ish vein of melodrama runs through the music, which stands up to being sung along to in the shower... but Bradfield also deserves plaudits for his lyrics."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Real-life dramas wrapped in uplifting tunes. [Aug 2006, p.86]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"It is modest, lucid and tender."
Billboard,70,"The Great Western is arguably stronger than either of the last two Manics albums. [Aug 2006, p.116]"

Blender,80,"You will want to play this album all over again as soon as it finishes.  [#14]"
Rolling Stone,75,"Whatever subtlety Germano's voice and lyrics might lack is buttressed by the deceptive simplicity of her music."
Dusted Magazine,70,"There's less of the wry humor Germano usually allows to shine through once in a while... This is also her least gauzy-sounding album since Slide... Despite these differences, In the Maybe World is still a strong addition to her body of work."
Q Magazine,70,"In The Maybe World is an accessible, if lyrically opaque, work that should please fans of avant-pop that doesn't sound remotely like any of the other cerebral chanteuses out there."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Germano's wooziest and most ethereal [album] yet. [Aug 2006, p.78]"
Spin,70,"In the Maybe World feels like an (unintentional, perhaps) sequel or response to Geek the Girl, turning down the intensity while sharing a twilit mood."
Mojo,70,"The balancing of ironic humour that raised a smile on earlier albums is absent here, which leaves us with almost nowhere to hide."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Ms. Germanos music is beautifully haunted and composed, but almost too claustrophobic to bear. [17 Jul 2006]"
The Guardian,60,"Wield[s] both a wistful poignancy and raw emotional undertow. [Aug 2006, p.94]"
Uncut,40,"The overall effect is too solipsistic and immature to take you close to the title's imaginative world. [Aug 2006, p.96]"
Dot Music,30,"The problem is, its easy to lose the lyrics when the music gives us no reason to listen to them."

Q Magazine,63,"What matters most is, with Monochrome, Helmet is back to doing what they do best."
Under The Radar,60,"Monochrome is marred by Hamilton's vocals. [Sep 2006, p.218]"
Pitchfork,60,"Its the sound the band became known with: big guitars playing suspended chords, crisp drums, barked verses and carefully sung choruses. [17 Jul 2006]"
AllMusic,50,"With Monochrome, Hamilton seems to have realised that stepping away from the majors and their requisite studio production sludge can only be a good thing. Now, if he can find a new direction to blaze in rather than re-tread thrice-covered ground, he may be on to something."
Slant Magazine,42,"For the most part, songs lumber along with little forward motion."
Spin,30,"The band has reached its absolute nadir on Monochrome, which commits the cardinal sin of any music: it is freaking boring."

Dusted Magazine,100,"Entertaining and rabble-rousing, daft and deadly serious, it's a fantastic record, with almost limitless appeal."
Drowned In Sound,100,"Head-smashing songs like 'Supermassive Black Hole' and 'Invincible' all point to an album that strives to be nothing less than epic. It succeeds."
The New York Times,100,"A work of dazzling scope and grandeur... It is impossible to imagine any other band making music quite like this. [Aug 2006, p.106]"
Mojo,100,"Revelations is Muse's best work yet primarily because of the fluid balance it keeps between excess and restraint. [Aug 2006, p.220]"
Uncut,90,"A monstrously grandiose, ridiculously gargantuan and stunningly inventive work from start to end."
PopMatters,90,"Muse have made a ridiculous, overblown, ambitious and utterly brilliant album, with more thrills than their previous three put together."
Pitchfork,90,"The work of three individuals arriving at the peak of their powers, its likely to be the bands OK Computer, their Music For The Jilted Generation, their Dark Side Of The Moon  the record that everything they produce subsequently is immediately unfairly rated against, til times own sands sit still."
Alternative Press,90,"Muse have really done it this time."
The New York Times,84,"In terms of sheer Freddie Mercury bravado and guitar-shredding, genre-jumping prog-rock pomposity, this stirring record is indeed (forgive me) something of a revelation."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Corny and bombastic, their latest is also ambitious, impeccably built, and apt to induce fits of uncontrolled fist pumping. [14 Jul 2006, p.81]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"It shouldn't work, but Bellamy's mania is so convincingly realised that even the most avowed Muse refusenik may have to finally concede defeat."
PopMatters,80,"Like a question 1970s double disc compacted into 45 brutally efficient minutes, it has the momentum of a meteor. [Aug 2006, p.108]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Consolidates and amplifies everything they've done up to now. [Aug 2006, p.110]"
E! Online,80,"Black Holes and Revelations is probably the least restrained album of 2006, which for some is a blessing, for others a pretentious annoyance. It is, however, a focused album."
Q Magazine,80,"A career milestone and one of the year's strongest rock albums. [Sep 2006, p.73]"
Alternative Press,75,"Overall, 'Black Holes and Revelations' offers a refreshing revamp, but the jarring contrast between its new and vintage sounds comes off as slightly half-baked. [9 Jul 2006]"
musicOMH.com,75,"Thats not to say the album is a disappointment (it isnt) or not great (it is, mostly), but after hitting their creative and commercial peak with Absolution and its subsequent breakthrough stateside, Black Holes and Revelations clearly reveals itself to be a transition record."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Muse is nothing if not distinctive, and Black Holes and Revelations is very much distinctively Muse: fantastic at points and ridiculous at others, without much in between."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Black Holes and Revelations isnt a perfect record but its a worthy addition to an already stellar catalog. [#14]"
AllMusic,70,"Muse's magnificent powerhouse that is new album 'Black Holes And Revelations' rectifies - almost - everything that once was wrong."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Muse impresses, and continues to impress on Black Holes, not only because they have the Romantic classical harmony-fueled huge stadium sound down pat, but in the details that show a band mature and talented."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"If you manage to suspend your disbelief a little, Black Holes and Revelations will push your pleasure buttons."
The Guardian,60,"This is the first Muse album to sound - brace yourself, outrageous melodrama fans - ordinary."
Blender,60,"The album is a black hole of pomp and nothingness, a perfect document of the times. So, to fully enjoy it, it's best to turn your brain off and let yourself get sucked in."
Uncut,60,"What this record lacks is a couple of the screamalong anthems at which Muse have become renowned. [Aug 2006, p.88]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Though the album grows stronger as it lurches on, the trio's pursuit of bombast leaves the killer melodies lost in outer space."
Paste Magazine,42,"This is the band's most autopiloted effort yet, a hacked-up last-gen rehash of said space jams, only now with greater emphasis on glitz and glam. Somehow Muse, always loveably lame, have managed to take a turn for the lamer."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Unfortunately, it seems the group is more interested in refining, rather than re-defining, their craft, whose torpid mechanics bear no mystery, no guts behind all that glamour."
Stylus Magazine,40,"Impressive song construction ruined by heart-wrenching dramatics."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Muse used to sound like a Radiohead tribute band; now they sound like a Muse knockoff. [Aug 2006, p.81]"
Under The Radar,40,"Takes rock to Seussian levels of ridiculousness."
Playlouder,33,"Give Muse credit for remaking itself over the years into a full-blown theatrical experience, and not just another echoing rock band. But that experience is, frankly, kind of shitty."

PopMatters,91,"The Eraser is a triumph."
Rolling Stone,90,"What makes it breathe, what allows it to flourish above its glitchy techno, its processed wizardry... what untangles it from a mess of circuitry and power strips and anti-virus pop-up warnings, is Yorke's incredible, distinctive voice."
Dot Music,83,"A claustrophobic sequel to Thief."
Slant Magazine,80,"Anyone who found the alien sonic landscapes of 'Kid A' a bit overwhelming will feel much more at home with these nine less fussy but primarily electronica-dominated compositions."
Mojo,80,"He's well able to marry insightful lyrics and memorable melody to a genre not always associated with such qualities."
Billboard,80,"'Kid B'? Yeah, OK - but Radiohead will never make another album like it, and as a twin, it's every bit the equal."
Pitchfork,80,"'The Eraser' is Radiohead's fourth best album, and not bad considering it's the first one with only one man on it."
cokemachineglow,80,"You must surely marvel at Thom Yorke's insistence to challenge his audience and his enemies."
NOW Magazine,80,"Difficult, certainly, but not without its charms."
Spin,80,"It sounds as you would expect: a desolate dreamscape punctuated by nervous drum machines. In other words, it's a bit Kid A. [Aug 2006, p.110]"
Village Voice,80,"What makes The Eraser great is Yorke's singing. [Aug 2006, p.82]"
The A.V. Club,80,"The Eraser is less crabbed, cryptic or violently bitter than Hail To The Thief... and is often more satisfying for that. [Aug 2006, p.86]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"The album doesn't make the point that Yorke doesn't need his bandmates to make a great record so much as it helps shed light on what each member of the band contributes to the overall equation."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Erasers sound lies somewhere between the roiling beat soup of Amnesiac and a poppier sensibility."
The A.V. Club,80,"The spare melodies and bleeps-and-loops approach result in chillingly direct songs."
Billboard,80,"The Eraser is full of moments when you wait for the band to kick in, and it doesn't happen."
musicOMH.com,80,"Intensely focused and steady."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"It's a vital addition."
Playlouder,74,"The results are competent, if unsurprising."
Dot Music,72,"It's hard to imagine that fans of Radiohead will be all that disappointed by The Eraser, and it's miles better than a dozen or so other solo projects that come to mind. [#21, p.93]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Nigel's production and arrangements leave very little room for the songs to breathe...  However, the emphasis on Thom's lyrics illuminates The Eraser's strongest asset: its content."
Q Magazine,70,"While The Eraser might not be a genre-busting classic like Kid A or OK Computer it's a good, solid record nonetheless."
Uncut,70,"Perhaps an EP would have better-suited Yorke's solo aspirations. [Jul/Aug 2006, p.115]"
Mojo,70,"These are the weirdest tracks Yorke has ever been a part of. [Aug 2006, p.75]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The resulting songs are considerably more understated than most anything in the Radiohead oeuvre, more dark electronic pop than dramatically layered art-rock. [#14]"
BBC collective,70,"It sounds exactly like you would expect a Thom Yorke solo album to sound: twitchy electronic beats, doomy washes of synthesizer, backing vocals that are invariably high, wordless and ghostly."
NOW Magazine,70,"Slight, but carrying a fair amount of weight, The Eraser isnt a masterpiece, but its much more than solo-project divergence."
Rolling Stone,69,"The Eraser is not Radiohead good."
AllMusic,68,"Radiohead fans will obviously want to snag it up, but if youre looking for melancholic electronic pop, theres much better to be found."
Austin Chronicle,67,"This could have been groundbreaking once upon a time, but there's nothing really new here and only a few songs ever rise above sheer novelty value."
ShakingThrough.net,67,"Such is the lure of his hypersensitivity that his admirers forgive and even applaud the extreme attenuation of this tastefully decorated click-and-loop."
Filter,67,"One could imagine the dynamics, colors, and crescendos his bandmates might've added, and without them Yorke sounds hemmed in."
Tiny Mix Tapes,66,"Where The Eraser sags is in the middle, with tracks 3-5 falling particularly flat. Like too many of Radiohead's new songs, they contain a single weak idea dragged on interminably."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Unfortunately, most of The Eraser is half-finished sketches, dressed up with a few of Nigel Godrich's subtle production tricks. [Aug 2006, p.105]"
Urb,60,"Somewhat mirthless and at times downright android-sexy, The Eraser is what many Radiohead fans have come to expect from Yorke in recent years. [Sep 2006, p.228]"
Spin,50,"Yorke's voice... has rarely sounded better, although the context ultimately disappoints."
Under The Radar,50,"If anything, The Eraser more than proves that Yorke, no matter how intriguing or forward-thinking his ideas, needs the democracy of Radiohead to ground his more angular artistic impulses."

The Guardian,75,"The group sounds genuinely reinvigorated."
PopMatters,70,"Sport[s] a trace more big league sparkle, but with the frayed cleverness and rock-solid musicianship that their fans know best."
cokemachineglow,70,"Sound[s] like a band that's discovered how to enjoy itself again. [Aug 2006, p.85]"
Almost Cool,70,"The sound of a band growing old comfortably. [Sep 2006, p.110]"
E! Online,60,"The Silver Lining suggests that Soul Asylum might still have another great album in them (especially if Murphy does more of the songwriting), but this one certainly isn't it."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"An old-school alternative rock album full of oversized riffs and open-hearted hooks."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For tuneful, middle-of-the-road rock, The Silver Lining ain't bad."
Pitchfork,58,"The nostalgia train is stalled by embarrassing platitudes and well-worn riffs. [14 Jul 2006, p.79]"
Blender,40,"As bad as The Silver Lining is, a knee-jerk reaction would obscure some redeeming moments."
Alternative Press,40,"It finds the band stranded in the middle-of-the-road, spinning its wheels amid a mass of musical cliches and Dave Pirner's overwrought lyricism. [Aug 2006, p.104]"
Village Voice,40,"The music... has become a too-clean version of their state's patented, tumbledown take on Stonesy power-pop. [Sep 2006, p.97]"
Slant Magazine,30,"Most of it just falls flat, neither recapturing the glory days nor squarely moving the band into a new era. [#21, p.102]"

E! Online,100,"This album's every percussive aspect has been honed to impart the maximum amount of pleasure."
Amazon.com,80,"An astonishingly primal album. [Aug 2006, p.93]"
Spin,80,"Better still [than 'Stepp Off']. [Sep 2006, p.98]"
Q Magazine,70,"Its a one-trick pony album sure, but what a trick."
AllMusic,70,"Offers taught electro evidence that conviction and innovation can be found in the most minimal environment."
Billboard,60,"Despite their influence on younger bands (you can hear LCD Soundsystem's knobbly grooves on Insane), ESG still sound like nothing else."
Rolling Stone,60,"[It] can't top the early stuff. [5 Aug 2006, p.29]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"You'll waste time expecting actual songs to arrive, but the obligation to trance out is irresistible. [Sep 2006, p.107]"
PopMatters,60,"The album's final third is useless... Fortunately, the rest is bracing permutations of the lopsided, much-sampled post-disco rhythms that helped define NYC art-funk 25 years ago. [Oct 2006, p.135]"
Mojo,40,"Something's off... ESG's doe-eyed charm... is missing. [Oct 2006, p.148]"

Uncut,80,"Represents a major upgrade in Dashboard's sound. [Jul 2006, p.83]"
Filter,80,"Dusk and Summers over-the-topness is relentless  most any second-banana Blink 182-er would sell an expendable internal organ to use one of these songs as a set-closer."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The album is gentler and falls much closer to the feeling of The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most."
Uncut,80,"Dusk And Summer is proof that Carrabba's ability to drop hugely emotive choruses into three-minute pop songs has become its own form of classic American songwriting. [Aug 2006, p.199]"
Mojo,75,"They've never sounded so unoriginal. Or, frankly, better."
BBC collective,70,"It's at once a distillation of all that drew tweeners to Dashboard... and a messy, multidimensional celebration of romance and regret. [Jul 2006, p.99]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Dusk and Summer can be as ponderous and precious as a Hallmark card, but it succeeds because Carrabba has found music as intense and bittersweet as his deep, deep feelings. [29 Jun 2006, p.68]"
The Guardian,70,"Slower paced and more atmospheric than any of its predecessors, 'Dusk' is an ambitious showcase of maturity."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Although long-term Dashboard fans will miss the more fragile moments, the new, big, epic sound is one that suits Carrabba."
Q Magazine,58,"The overall lack of any real risk results in standard guitar anthem boilerplate."
Blender,58,"Most of Dusk And Summer sounds factory-made and even kitschy."
Vibe,50,"Only the title track bears any resemblance to what Dashboard once were."
Spin,50,"Truly this is music for life's uncomplicated moments. [15 Jul 2006, p.39]"
Lost At Sea,40,"The songs are pretty much middle-of-the-road, generic radio alt-rock devoid of any real personality."
AllMusic,40,"The band only vaguely remember the 'hardcore' ingredients in emo on the slightly more edgy title track. Maybe everybody's buying it for the pictures."
Alternative Press,40,"This Dashboard has rock hooks and not much real emotion. This Dashboard is devoid of the only thing that actually made the band good: sincere heartbreak."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Only the softer songs... display any of the heartbroken mystique that once made Carrabba compelling. [Sep 2006, p.79]"
Blender,40,"It's difficult to imagine Carraba's earnest tenor appealing to anyone over the age of 20. [Sep 2006, p.107]"

Rolling Stone,100,"The Pet Shop Boys' best album in over a decade, sitting neatly between their previous career highpoints of Very and Behaviour."
Billboard,100,"Fundamental is the group's most inspired album in nearly a decade."
musicOMH.com,91,"Fundamental offers pleasure as rewarding as The Magic Mountain or Glenlivet 18--indulgences best enjoyed as you approach the half-century mark, when your imagination is keen to leisured elongations of familiar tropes or newly appreciative of exotic sumptuousness."
Stylus Magazine,90,"'Fundamental' will not only be rated up there among the Pet Shop Boys finest albums -- it's also arguably the best electro pop record we've heard in years."
The A.V. Club,90,"It would be unthinkable to imagine a more pleasurable listen coming along in 2006."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"Balance[s] orchestral pomp with au courant club grooves. [30 Jun 2006, p.161]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Fundamental is the thinking person's electropop album of 2006 so far."
NOW Magazine,80,"Focusing on New Labour's trials has reconnected the Pet Shop Boys with something of their essence."
The Guardian,80,"It's like 10 years of treading water never happened. [Jun 2006, p.118]"
PopMatters,80,"The majority of Fundamental is like the majority of their great album Behavior in that repeat listens are required to do these rich songs justice."
Uncut,80,"Fundamental ingeniously explores political chicanery through imaginative set pieces about private relationships. [Aug 2006, p.113]"
Q Magazine,80,"Like Confessions on a Dance Floor, Fundamental uses squelchy electro-disco grooves that smuggle sly pop-culture commentary. [Aug 2006, p.83]"
Observer Music Monthly,75,"Youre unlikely to encounter another pioneering techno-pop act entering its third decade with style and substance largely intact."
E! Online,70,"'Fundamental' is the sound of the Pet Shop Boys reborn, and mindful of the important role they fill in the pop family."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Trevor Horn's production has a pleasing fullness, opening the melodies without smothering them."
Playlouder,65,"Much of it seems strangely blank, neither great nor at all sub-par."
Slant Magazine,60,"There's little on PSB's album that matches the big twizzly dunce-hatted glory of their 'Very' peak. [20 May 2006, p.33]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For every moment of cynical dance pop genius, there's a dull midtempo dirge bereft of decent hooks."
musicOMH.com,60,"You wish Neil and Chris had hooked up with a younger, switched-on, even more sympathetic producer. [Jun 2006, p.110]"
The Guardian,60,"For greatness, look to the irresistibly melodic 'Twentieth Century,' the New Order-hued 'Minimal' and the Diane Warren-penned ballad 'Numb.'"
Q Magazine,50,"A politically charged album that's free of musical sparks."
AllMusic,40,"[An] underwhelming collection of moderately sweeping, mildly elegant arena pop. [Jun 2006, p.108]"

Blender,80,"Lostprophets are big and brash and brilliant. And this is rock'n'roll radio."
Spin,80,"Time that could have been spent on cultivating studied cool, a la The Bravery, appears to have been wisely invested in memorable songs. [Jul 2006, p.101]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"While Liberation Transmission may be a lyrical vacuum, it is also a musical masterclass in how to create 12 tracks of killer with almost no filler."
Dot Music,70,"Essential listening for mall rats everywhere. [Aug 2006, p.113]"
Village Voice,67,"Around the world, 15-year-olds will fall for this band. Then they will turn 16 and move on. [30 Jun 2006, p.161]"
Pitchfork,60,"Lyrically absurd, musically turbo-fuelled."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If they're going to ascend to big-name status, this third release, their most punkily accessible yet, will be the one that does it."

NOW Magazine,100,"You would call Drew the most exciting rapper Britain has produced since Dizzee Rascal, if that didn't sound like such faint praise."
Uncut,90,"This is the most powerful, literate and just plain individual British debut album since The Streets' Original Pirate Material. [Jul 2006, p.94]"
Billboard,80,"This is one of the most exciting debut albums for sometime."
The A.V. Club,80,"This is a valuable record from a troubling and potentially vital new voice."
Mojo,80,"It's [his] spin on social commentary that singles Drew out. [Jul 2006, p.116]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Sometimes it's pretty unpleasant, but it's the rawness that makes it so genuine. [May 2007, p.162]"
Uncut,80,"Actions' unique and new-fangled deliverance of mostly acoustic and certainly threadbare beats see to it that Plan B doesn't fall into the grime or dubstep pigeonhole. [May 2007, p.97]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"Plan B manages to milk his biographical plight without resorting to the childhood-trauma-as-pissing-contest tactics of most memoirists."
Q Magazine,70,"His world may be grittier, but Plan B's up there with Alex Turner as a lyricist, crafting simple and darkly witty songs about the reality of life in Britain."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Its sound remains as confrontational and as provocative as its content. [Aug 2006, p.103]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"B continues to acquit himself admirably on purely technical terms, wrapping a slow, slithering tongue around the quick stabs of his guitar."
The Guardian,70,"His cynical and intimate coming-of-age tales are a welcome twist on British rap. [May 2007, p.116]"
The Guardian,60,"There's more fear and loathing on Ben Drew's first album than in a year's worth of Daily Mail headlines."
Uncut,60,"Nearly every line contains a shock, a sharp intake of breath. To say this album is worth more as a social document than a musical one is no insult."
musicOMH.com,60,"Its a shame that this music doesnt reflect the invention and spark of the words, because shorn of the hip-hop backing and pared down to just voice and guitar, Plan B possesses a certain raw power and vitality."
Dot Music,50,"His delivery's certainly interesting, but lacking the nuances of and empathy of, say, Mike Skinner, it's best deployed when not framed by anachronistic loops."
Q Magazine,50,"When he tries to get serious... Drew comes across as nothing more than a self-important shock artist, way out of his element."
Alternative Press,50,"Much of the CD is pretty unpleasant, with bleak music that sounds less than innovative and a load of self-important shock rhymes that try too damn hard."

Urb,91,"Aside from a single misstep (the title track, an instrumental that could serve as the too-ponderous theme for an art film about the rise and fall of Atlantis), the strings and things work well, adding density and drama."
Pitchfork,80,"This time the band offers a variety of styles, from uptempo rockers to gorgeous ballads to move you. [Jun 2006, p.119]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This lack of reinvention... does not mean lack of invention. [Jul 2006, p.108]"
Mojo,70,"Despite the rousing music and the earnestness of Tom Chaplin's voice, Keane still sing passionately about not very much in particular."
Prefix Magazine,70,"In truth, only an uncharitable curmudgeon could fail to appreciate Tim Rice-Oxley's vastly improved pop songwriting. [Jul 2006, p.102]"
Vibe,70,"An album to return to again and again, whose depth grows with every spin."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Die-hard fans might rush to judge Under the Iron Sea as sounding a bit too much like U2."
Playlouder,70,"What they have done, to their credit, is take the best elements from those bands--Radiohead's soaring melodies, U2's scope and volume, Coldplay's dogged earnestness--and combine them into something that, for much of Under The Iron Sea's running time, is a perfectly respectable alternative to, say, the likes of Train or The Goo Goo Dolls or to Coldplay's comparatively bland X&Y."
PopMatters,67,"Even if Keane hasn't completely gone down with Under The Iron Sea, the band is merely treading water here."
cokemachineglow,67,"[Songwriter Tim] Rice-Oxley sells his gifts short too often by falling back on tritely positivist pap like 'Put It Behind You' and 'Try Again,' and even Andy Green's electrifying production can't save pasty, interminable songs like 'Crystal Ball,' 'Broken Toy,' and (c'mon, now) 'The Frog Prince.'"
Blender,60,"It's not bad - which is just as well, as it will be inescapable."
Rolling Stone,60,"It would appear that Tim, Tom and Richard have spent some time at the U2 School of Squillion-Selling Records, their final project sounding more expansive and dramatic than Hopes And Fears ever did."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Beautiful but strangely unhinged. [Jul 2006, p.100]"
Urb,60,"Depending on your taste for high romance, it either adds up to heart-tugging pop or nice dinner music."
Q Magazine,60,"Those who enjoy the smooth sounds of inoffensive MOR will find little fault in Keane."
Dot Music,60,"Their new direction sounds suspiciously like the old one. [Jul 2006, p.100]"
Uncut,60,"There's virtually no tension or drama in Keane's surpassingly pretty pop. [Jul 2006, p.90]"
Billboard,60,"Whether you'll like the newest Keane offering depends largely on your appetite for melodrama."
AllMusic,60,"Keane knows its niche and plays it well. [Aug 2006, p.97]"
Slant Magazine,41,"Iron Sea is filled with the sort of greeting-card poetry that would even give Bono pause."
E! Online,40,"When they're not apeing War-era U2 ('Crystal Ball') they're apeing Achtung Baby-era U2 ('Is It Any Wonder?'). Otherwise they plod along, piano clip-clopping under all the electronic fuss, in thrall to their own pseudo-profundity."
The A.V. Club,40,"Its as if Keane desperately wanted to move past the three blokes playing simple little songs label, but didnt have the technical skill or the guts to pull it off."
The Guardian,30,"If this is what happens when Keane attempt to delve into darkness, the mind reels at what these guys would sound like when theyre in a good mood. [#14]"
musicOMH.com,25,"Keane have talked up Under the Iron Sea as being bleaker, more raw than their debut album. It is about the things they have seen over the last two years, the problems, the horrors, the sin. But Keane have not been uncovering the carcases of napalmed babies for the last two years. Theyve been playing music."

Blender,100,"A monumental, spectacular achievement."
Rolling Stone,80,"They have developed into an almost evangelically uplifting and powerful rock unit."
Prefix Magazine,70,"As exhilarating as it all may seem on the surface, there's little here that we haven't heard before."
Mojo,70,"A confident return. [Jul 2006, p.115]"
Spin,60,"For better, and for worse, this is a band who still haven't figured out who they are. [Jul 2006, p.95]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Noble and determined, 'Left' proves that while HOTS are capable of stirring thoughts and emotions, it's only when they reach full throttle that they truly move hearts and minds."
Paste Magazine,42,"Hope of the States havent completely given themselves up to mediocrity yet, but theyre well on their way."
Pitchfork,40,"You're left with the uncomfortable sensation of having walked in on six serious young men, lost in their own indie-rock majesty. [Jun 2006, p.110]"
Observer Music Monthly,40,"On early singles... Hope of the States displayed a promisingly dark streak, like Mogwai with songs; now they are merely Embrace with effects pedals."

PopMatters,91,"This is their radio-rock record, and it's not a tribute, it's as close to the real thing as they've come since they actually had a chance at radio play back in the '90s."
Under The Radar,91,"Rather Ripped is unmistakably a Sonic Youth album, right down to the snatches of amp-on-fire distortion, the tuneless speak-singing of Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon, and an emphasis on guitar texture that includes amplifying each strummed string. But the conventional rock-song structures of 'Incinerate,' while not unheard of for Sonic Youth, here feel unexpectedly and warmly classicist."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Rather Ripped may not have the cultural impact of 1989's Daydream Nation, but it contains some of the best music of their career."
musicOMH.com,90,"It is a fully legitimate, clear and strong rock 'n' roll record in the band's own style. And it may really be the best one."
Playlouder,90,"Rather Ripped is probably one of the best records in Sonic Youth's catalog, and definitely one of the best albums of 2006."
Dot Music,90,"Rather Ripped is what you'd expect from a Sonic Youth that's getting back to the cool rock 'n' roll sound they trademarked years ago, completed by a tagline of frenzied feedback and chiming guitars."
Q Magazine,90,"To call the album the band's most accessible to date is no slur. There's nothing wrong with accessible indie rock when it's this pristine and polished."
Uncut,88,"[Sonic Youth's] most openly mature disc, possibly their best since 95s Washing Machine, maybe even the almighty Daydream Nation."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"A quietly brilliant album."
Stylus Magazine,83,"It's the arresting delicacy of the quieter, dreamier tunes that'll really rip up your emotions."
Mojo,80,"All in, this is a terrific, life-affirming and, at times, deeply romantic album - one that proves the potentials in both rock'n'roll and the electric guitar."
The Guardian,80,"'Rather Ripped' is the most accomplished and mature album Sonic Youth have done in years."
Stylus Magazine,80,"'Rather Ripped' is a concise serving of what the band does best."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's a solidly good album, and if taken as part of a trio of albums with Sonic Nurse and Murray Street, it shows that Sonic Youth is still in a comfortable yet creative groove, not a rut."
The Guardian,80,"Several tracks are up with their best. [Jul 2006, p.88]"
The New York Times,80,"Rather Ripped is what you'd expect from a Sonic Youth that's getting back to the cool rock 'n' roll sound they trademarked years ago, completed by a tagline of frenzied feedback and chiming guitars."
Slant Magazine,80,"Rather Ripped is an excellent record, one of the strongest to emerge from Sonic Youth's amazing late period."
Neumu.net,80,"With Rather Ripped they continue their slow but remarkable progression that currently finds them, for the most part, dropping old SY standbys such as long experimental noise passages in exchange for a significantly more sedated route."
Prefix Magazine,80,"There's surely never beena Sonic Youth album so unself-conscious. [Jul 2006, p.98]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Rather Ripped is a solid collection of songs smartly executed by a band secure in its legacy and refusing to go gently into that good rock night."
cokemachineglow,80,"Rather Ripped is the sound of a band no longer setting their distortion pedals on stun, and, as a result, the best songs are as low-key as a small town on Sunday morning. [Aug 2006, p.218]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"About as accessible and smooth as this band is going to get. [Aug 2006, p.85]"
Dot Music,75,"Doused with sleek and slippery riffs, the album's early succession of propulsive, three-minute art-pop songs is especially strong."
Playlouder,75,"It almost makes you wonder what would have happened if Television and Peter Frampton had worked together. That's a compliment. [11 Jun 2006]"
Billboard,70,"It seems to complete a circle, to contain something of everything the band has attempted over the years."
AllMusic,70,"Its a fitting overview of everything thats always worked for Sonic Youth in the past."
Uncut,70,"Rarely have they laid down so many tunes that are this downright pretty, hummable, even. [#14]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"What stands out across Rather Ripped are the remarkable melodic turns throughout. [#268, p.63]"
Rolling Stone,70,"It is indeed a really good record--but not a patch on their 1988 masterpiece 'Daydream Nation'. [17 Jun 2006, p.37]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Their most mature album to date. [Jul 2006, p.118]"
Mojo,67,"[It] feels more overly familiar and Velvet Underground-y than usual, which isn't a good thing for a band with such forward-thinking ideals."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"Their songiest record in more than a decade. [Jun 2006, p.145]"
Alternative Press,60,"Rather Ripped comes off as a collection of good-and-great songs, but it just isn't up there with their best."
Paste Magazine,40,"Ripped is about three- or four-minute songcraft--never the highlight of their resume. [Jul 2006, p.88]"

Pitchfork,90,"After decades of giving us good and even fine work, he's finally treated the faithful to a masterpiece."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Proves again what an unnerving space the interior of his head must be. [Aug 2006, p.104]"
PopMatters,75,"That the least interesting material falls to the back is unfortunate, because most of the album is engaging."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Much more songwriter-based than [his] early discs. [Sep 2006, p.230]"
Under The Radar,60,"Its obvious Adamson possesses some serious musical vision, but Stranger on the Sofa takes so many musical missteps and is so laughable lyrically, I have trouble recommending it."
The Wire,60,"Comes across like a refresher of the best mood music of the last 40 years. [Aug 2006, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Contains flashes of his finest work. [Aug 2006, p.84]"
Q Magazine,60,"Adamson creates a wonderful fusion of jazz elements with electronics, poignantly bleak at some moments, and almost carnivalesque at others. [Summer 2006]"

E! Online,83,"The most melodically acute distillation of that style yet."
Blender,80,"There is plenty to love here, so don't be surprised when you find it has become the current soundtrack to your life."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Even as the guys stretch and flex their songwriting muscles, they never fail to remember where they came from, instead using their past work as the foundation to their essential growth."
Spin,80,"Singer Davey Havok continues to impress with his range and ability to quickly turn from a throat-searing scream to a bare-boned croon, as does the entire band's consistently exciting approach to songwriting and their music aesthetic."
AllMusic,80,"Both accessible and artistic, Decemberunderground is destined to give AFI that larger mainstream audience they missed out on the last time around."
Mojo,75,"By mimicking the sound of every Hot Topic band crashing into one--with songs that pilfer from the Killers, My Chemical Romance and Fall Out Boy--we have to wonder if they haven't just orchestrated their own extinction."
Pitchfork,75,"Although they love drama, AFI never abandon believability here. Which means the arena-rock trappings dont make the music feel fake -- they just make it feel more exciting than life."
Alternative Press,75,"An ambitious, enjoyable album that expands AFI's sound while retaining the bombastic, aggressive rock the band played throughout the '90s."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"'Decemberunderground' is less cohesive than its predecessor and apes the band's influences far too obviously for musicians of this caliber. Even so, it's vastly entertaining."
Q Magazine,70,"Sung in his almost icy, stentorian cry--and outfitted with mega-choruses--the tracks feel as epic as Havok's themes. [Jul 2006, p.97]"
Uncut,60,"With a comeback pitched between the indulgent love-metal of HiM and the pubescent pop-punk of Fall Out Boy, AFI's hiatus looks increasingly less like laziness and more like a marketing masterstroke."
Under The Radar,60,"Where Sorrow is a great album, listenable front to back, Decemberunderground just has good songs. [15 Jun 2006, p.91]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"While Decemberunderground sounds terrific, at times Havok's dear-diary lyrics are so awkward they're almost laughable. [Jul 2006, p.81]"
Billboard,60,"Evident is a sizeable debt to '80s electropop. [Aug 2006, p.84]"
AllMusic,58,"Decemberunderground carries a distinct whiff of missed opportunities."

NOW Magazine,80,"It's the sound of the band maturing, and while it's certainly more laid-back than any of Live's previous records, that low-key approach feels right for the music on Songs from Black Mountain and helps make it one of their most consistent and successful records."
Slant Magazine,67,"Proves they can still write hummable pop-metal anthems and equally clunky lyrics. [16 Jun 2006, p.75]"
E! Online,40,"Live has settled too comfortably into the skin of a middle-of-the-road rock act. [17 Jun 2006]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Kowalczyk is revisiting themes he's been mining for years. The band's signature sound of slowly rising choruses punctuated by Kowalczyk's rumbling wail has also grown quite stale."
The A.V. Club,30,"It's sad to see a once-promising band reduced to dribbling out a mewling, half-baked effort such as this, an album with no redeeming value beyond soundtracking your next visit to Supercuts."
The New York Times,20,"It's downright bad."
Blender,10,"Earnestly pompous. [Apr/May 2006, p.105]"

New Musical Express (NME),90,"Put 'Peeping Tom' on the stereo and it's as slickly dark and eminently devourable as Hip-Hop with R&B overtones can be, though whack it on the headphones and you're introduced to something infinitely superior."
Rolling Stone,88,"It works equally as a setting for his quieter moments (the tropical 'Caipirinha') and for the melodic vocal rages that defined Faith No More's hits. [4 Jun 2006]"
Spin,80,"It's quite possibly Patton's most accessible album since his Faith No More days."
Uncut,80,"There's hardly a stinker in the bunch. [Jul 2006, p.206]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"The most palatable Mike Patton project to date. [Jun 2006, p.113]"
AllMusic,80,"While poppier and more accessible than his albums fronting Fantomas, it's worth the wait. [Jul 2006, p.104]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Patton is either a musical genius or one lucky mad scientist. [3 Jun 2006]"
Billboard,70,"Peeping Tom succeeds (and wildly so, I might add) in the songs where Patton allows himself to succumb, if ever so slightly, to his more experimental tendencies."
Rolling Stone,70,"While I would put this work near the bottom among Patton's opus, there are still some definitely enjoyable songs."
Slant Magazine,62,"For all the great ideas and fantastic moments sprinkled throughout Peeping Tom, it turns out that Mike Patton's idea of pop is as uncompromising as his other musical notions. In this case, what's great in theory doesn't work so well in practice."
musicOMH.com,60,"The end result sounds much like the Red Hot Chili Peppers produced by Massive Attack."
Paste Magazine,60,"Many of the collaborations are jarring. [Jul 2006, p.115]"
Playlouder,60,"Yields plenty of oddly seductive moments. [10 Aug 2006, p.99]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"Once you get past the shock tactics, Peeping Tom is little more than a pile of dated Linkin Park-style sludge. [2 Jun 2006, p.83]"
AllMusic,50,"Given his abrasive experimentations with Mr. Bungle and Fantmas, his fascination with mildly skewed beatscapes is a surprise, fun but pass. [29 May 2006]"
Alternative Press,50,"Peeping Tom's almost exclusively synth-oriented songs (save the occasional bass and guitar) are ostensibly intended to highlight Patton's voice. This only accentuates his overwrought yet indifferent performances, however."
Urb,50,"It holds some charms, but Peeping Tom is overshadowed by Pattons previous work."
Uncut,50,"The effect is as scattershot as the guest list."
Billboard,40,"Only the faithful need apply. [Jul 2006, p.101]"
PopMatters,30,"A floundering mess that bores you to tears."
Tiny Mix Tapes,25,"Past a handful of listens this becomes quickly uninspired."
Pitchfork,20,"A collection of infantile, forgettable stripper anthems and not even guest spots from Rahzel or Kid Koala can keep this shit from sounding like Linkin Park."

Observer Music Monthly,80,"Whisper encompasses everything a rock band should be in 2006. [Jul 2006, p.202]"
Q Magazine,67,"If only DeLonge's nasal vocals were more suited to the Robert Smith romanticism of tracks like 'It Hurts.' [26 May 2006, p.107]"
Rolling Stone,67,"Listening to all this Edge-y guitar doodling and whiny wailing, the question remains: Why mess with a fun, 20-million-album-selling formula for this ponderous prog project?"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"While Angels & Airwaves are pretty good, don't pick up We Don't Have To Whisper expecting a revolutionary sound designed to shatter your worldview and change your life. On the other hand, if you want something to fill the gap while U2 are recording are their new album, look no further."
The New York Times,60,"Here, his three sidemen elevate [DeLonge's] emo tendencies to something grander and more timelessly romantic--though somewhat less exciting. [Jul 2006, p.82]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"Many of Angel's midtempo tracks, while well-intentioned, fail to reach the lofty heights to which they aspire."
Drowned In Sound,50,"We Don't Have to Whisper is too doggedly dour and amorphous to be more than a curiosity."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"DeLonge yanks heartstrings with so-so results."
Mojo,42,"We Don't Need To Whisper feels like 50 long minutes of DeLonge proving himself as an artist."
NOW Magazine,40,"The resulting batch of songs... just pad out the duller bits of blink, then add walls of mid-'80s-era U2 guitar chimes. [Jun 2006, p.136]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"Coming from a former punk goof, all this sentimentality feels somewhat po-faced. [Jul 2006, p.84]"
Slant Magazine,20,"By aiming to sound like U2 and Pink Floyd, AVA ends up sounding like an emo version of an even more plodding Coldplay."

Alternative Press,100,"The songs zing with the excitement of two music nerds caught up in a game of 'Top This!' [16 May 2006]"
Entertainment Weekly,100,"The real pleasure here is hearing what Jack White can do when he's away from the confines of the White Stripes. [Jul 2006, p.202]"
E! Online,90,"An album that sounds effortless, but at times almost dissyingly diverse--imagine The White Album, but made by happy people. [May 2006, p.96]"
musicOMH.com,90,"An efficient 33 minutes, Broken Boy Soldiers supplies the summer's most gas-conscious road tunes. [Jun/Jul 2006, p.128]"
Spin,88,"Just like with White Stripes albums, the music rattles your brain like no other and gets better with age. [#20, p.97]"
Billboard,83,"Sounds like they had as much fun making it as you're going to have listening to it."
AllMusic,80,"This is all Broken Boy Soldiers was ever meant to be: an off-the-cuff collaboration between two friends and one which, despite its imperfections, is an effort worthy of applause."
Rolling Stone,80,"Key to the success of 'Broken Boy Soldiers' is the relatively restrained musicianship."
The A.V. Club,80,"If you have a favorite Foghat album or can name a single member of Deep Purple, you will love Broken Boy Soldiers; fortunately, it doesn't end there. [18 May 2006, p.226]"
Blender,80,"What the Raconteurs offer is the middle-ground between White's muscular, distorted blues and Benson's Who-goes-bubblegum approach. The end result seems unlikely to change the face of music as we know it, but it's often breathtakingly executed."
Uncut,80,"Much of the Benson/White songwriting ethic seems cut from classic rock radio, finding the meeting point between Cheap Trick and Led Zeppelin and ending up with a timeless album in the process. [#13, p.88]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's a hugely enjoyable record, with songs on it as good as anything the individuals involved have produced elsewhere. It's simply that high standards achieved elsewhere aren't consistently obtained throughout."
Los Angeles Times,80,"An impressively rounded, engagingly inventive record that ranges across British blues / R&B, Mod pop, psychedelia and American country rock."
Alternative Press,80,"Much of Broken Boy Soldiers is fired by the same liberated, intuitive spirit that drives the Stripes. [Jun 2006, p.86]"
Mojo,80,"The cool sound of hot days, fragrant smoke, and FM radio at ear-splitting volume. [Jun 2006, p.77]"
Paste Magazine,80,"It's neither deep nor meaningful, but Broken Boy Soldiers succeeds in sounding like four guys having fun making music; albeit music that's as elegant as it is raucous. [Jun 2006, p.108]"
Filter,75,"Within its own little garage, the album succeeds completely, but in the big picture, Broken Boy Soldiers never feels especially important."
E! Online,75,"Its better this way, all apologies to Meg White."
Drowned In Sound,73,"Tie on the celebrity blindfold, and Broken Boy Soldiers no longer seems like that much of an achievement-- just another case of men recreating their favorite vinyl deep cuts, if a bit more skillfully than most FM scrapbookers."
Playlouder,70,"It's brief and even a little slight, but it's almost as much fun to listen to as it must have been to make."
Rolling Stone,70,"Like so many all-star bands before them, The Raconteurs could be one and done. But don't place the blame on this fertile and genuine debut."
The Guardian,70,"Broken Boy Soldiers won't reverse global warming, but it certainly tops Get Behind Me Satan for rockin' entertainment."
Under The Radar,70,"Mr. White shares the songwriting, and the spotlight, in the Raconteurs, but it sounds as if he's still the wild-card inspiration, the one who puts the structural quirks and guitar fireworks into the songs."
musicOMH.com,70,"The moody Together reveal[s] whats possible when White and Benson join forces. If only collaborations in this vein had been given greater consideration, the Raconteurs might have had something truly revelatory beyond a whimsical side project."
Dot Music,70,"I was really hoping that some critical insight the bigger publications had missed would shine through here, and on this front I am let down, albeit pleasantly: all this record strives to be is a power-pop record, of second-string Lennon/McCartney-crossed-with-Americana type that proliferated in the 70s and has carried on, doggedly, through the decades."
Uncut,67,"Combine the dull wordplay with the uneven tone and Soldiers feels indulgent quickly -- and that's saying something for an album that's just 33 minutes."
Spin,60,"If only the rest of the album were as good as the lead single."
Q Magazine,60,"No one is breaking any ground here, and White fanatics looking for a new White Stripes record should temper their expectations. But as far as side projects go, this is as good as it gets."
The A.V. Club,60,"When it comes down to it, it ain't gonna change your world any."
The Boston Phoenix,59,"Nothing is really very exciting here, or very interesting."
Pitchfork,50,"The results are either stiffly egalitarian... or stripped of personality altogether. [Jun 2006, p.143]"
AllMusic,42,"Instead of consolidating their respective strengths, Broken Boy Soldiers is White and Benson compromising them in favor of finding an agreeable but ultimately dull and colorless middle ground."
Amazon.com,40,"The songwriting is bland and the production is overdone."
NOW Magazine,40,"In the end, though, Broken Boy Soldiers merely makes you wonder what Meg White has been up to."
The New York Times,30,"If The Raconteurs were any other group (that is, if The Raconteurs didn't have Jack White), the press/Blogosphere would slam it."

ShakingThrough.net,67,"Hoobastank balances heavy riffs with dark existentialism and hooks that closely imitate that of its breakthrough hit."
Dusted Magazine,67,"It's hard to find a track that won't get fists pumping or cigarette lighters waving."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"But even if Every Man for Himself was constructed with the mainstream in mind, it likely won't win any new converts, since at their core Hoobastank remains unchanged: their songs aren't particularly dynamic or catchy, the band doggedly follows alt-rock conventions as if adherence to clichs gives the group legitimacy, and Robb's pedestrian voice alternately disappears into the mix or veers flat when he holds a note."
PopMatters,50,"There's something undeniably irritating but strangely satisfying about lyrics so baldly declarative, especially over riffs this explosive. [Jun 2006, p.144]"
Billboard,50,"Hoobastank's newest album has more of the same, mingled with some energetic, inoffensive, mostly forgettable harder rocking tunes. [16 May 2006]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Itll work pretty damn well in the car at 60mph, but thats about it."
cokemachineglow,30,"Nearly every cut shoots for maximum radio mileage, and the album's lack of stimulation makes such pandering harder to overlook. [20 May 2006]"

Blender,100,"There's hardly any doodling or misfiring to undermine the sheer vastness of Stadium Arcadium."
Stylus Magazine,100,"It overflows with the kind of music the Chili Peppers do best: a physical, often psychedelic mix of spastic bass-slapped funk and glistening alt-rock spiritualism. Only they've never sounded this good as musicians."
Prefix Magazine,100,"The supersized culmination of the Chili Peppers' artistic journey. [Jun 2006, p.102]"
Austin Chronicle,100,"Represents a career high for the Chili Peppers. [Jun 2006, p.106]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"A mature showcase of concentrated power with riotous groove jams, super-sized hooks and transcendent vocal arrangements."
E! Online,83,"Stadium Arcadium ensures that graying Lollapalooza-era fans, indie teens, and rowdy lunkheads will all be satisfied."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Stadium Arcadium has too many midtempo tracks and, in the manner of U2's All That You Can't Leave Behind, is more of a summation of the Peppers' career than a step forward. But the band is still capable of surprises."
AllMusic,80,"The music brims with a creative euphoria almost shocking for a band that has been around since Ronald Reagan's first term."
Blender,80,"It's the sound of a band on a roll. [Jun 2006, p.110]"
Los Angeles Times,75,"The whole thing seems like a guided tour through the band's different incarnations."
PopMatters,73,"For anyone who legitimately enjoyed Blood Sugar, and think that they might actually want to purchase this thing, Stadium is unquestionably Red Hot Chili Peppers finest release since."
Billboard,70,"Somewhere along the line the Chilis got sophisticated on our asses."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"This is virile, excited music. [Jun 2006, p.146]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"The bare-bone production combined with the relentless march of songs gives Stadium Arcadium the undeniable feel of wading through the demos for a promising project instead of a sprawling statement of purpose; there's not enough purpose here for it to be a statement."
Uncut,67,"Pity that 'Jupiter,' disc one, mostly falls flat."
Q Magazine,67,"At least when the bassist ruled they livened up this overworked dynamic with beats. Now they tax it with tunes."
Billboard,60,"Frusciante's guitar work... almost single-handedly saves the project, but not quite."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Stadium Arcadium boasts virtuoso musicianship, lustrous arrangements and unpredictable flourishes, but inside all this breathtaking sonic architecture it is strangely empty."
Rolling Stone,60,"Attempting such an ambitious concept in an age of diminished attention spans should no doubt be applauded, but overstretching itself in a stab at immortality, 'Stadium Arcadium' marks a step backwards from 2002's 'By The Way'."
The New York Times,60,"Neither disjointed embarrassment of riches  la  The Beatles nor conceptual magnum opus like  The Wall,  Stadium Arcadium is two hours of sometimes middling, sometimes masterful, mostly pleasurable mainstream rock."
Mojo,50,"Stadium Arcadium is perfectly capable and occasionally ingratiating, but whatever goodwill it musters up is trounced by its redundancy."
E! Online,50,"Even the 'there's a great album hiding in here!' clich doesn't really apply, since if you conducted ten trials of picking fourteen songs at random, you'd end up with ten albums of near equal mediocrity."
cokemachineglow,47,"Whereas poor production values and drug-fueled exuberance once excused their George Clinton worship, 20 years on, in Rick Rubin's sterile environment, the band sounds like they're in jamband training camp, filling in all the empty spaces with blippityblap reminders of Flea's virtuosity and John Frusciante's desire to use every effects pedal ever invented."
New Musical Express (NME),42,"The trouble with virtuosity is that it doesn't always translate into songcraft, and the absence of even one hum-it-on-the-way-home track here raises the old questions again: Does this band even make sense? Are punk energy and funk grooves music's peanut-butter-and-chocolate or its oatmeal-and-sardines? And what's Anthony Kiedis talking about, anyway?"
Blender,30,"The lyrics are especially vapid here in the Stadium Arcadium."

AllMusic,83,"Eyes Open is composed of broad, obvious songs with broad, obvious hooks, aimed straight for the hearts of as many people as the band can manage. All of this would be bad, horrible even, if it didn't work. But it does."
Austin Chronicle,83,"Eyes Open dives headfirst into mainstream waters, hoping the strength of its intentions will be visible through the glossy bombast. It is, but it takes some surface-scratching to reach it."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Snow Patrol are poised to eclipse Coldplay as pop's greatest anthem-makers."
NOW Magazine,80,"Snow Patrol are on their way to becoming essential. [May 2006, p.120]"
The Guardian,80,"Snow Patrol's hungry rock sound only gets bigger and better this time around."
Dot Music,75,"With thickly distorted, deeply rumbling guitars blazing, the U.K. band comes roaring out of the gate on its fourth album, intent to hammer home the point there's more to it than the Coldplay-like romanticism of its 2004 breakthrough single, 'Run.' [16 May 2006]"
Village Voice,75,"The band's naked ambition would be offputting if it didn't come wrapped in such resounding choruses."
PopMatters,70,"As enjoyable as anything this calculated can be."
Stylus Magazine,70,"If there is one tiny flaw on this disc, it's the way some of the songs, after teasing us with intensifying waves of sound, tend to drift to an ending prior to attaining their destination."
Pitchfork,68,"Eyes Open shows you the elements of a successful record, without the heart that ultimately makes it a success."
The A.V. Club,66,"If Eyes Open lacks the vivacity of its breakthrough predecessor, it remains an assured example of a band still paying more than lip service to the notion of rock music as a vital pop form."
Prefix Magazine,60,"To sum them up in one word, 'reliable' would be the most appropriate."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Eyes Open takes the formula of the last album and magnifies it."
The A.V. Club,60,"Gone completely is any passing trace of the grubby, US college rock that made them so beloved underground when the real world wasn't taking notice. In its place, is an awful lot of big, blustery ballads."
The Guardian,60,"Big, bold, cleverly-executed, thoroughly hollow stuff."
Q Magazine,60,"Over 45 minutes, it feels monotonous and preposterously self-pitying, but in controlled doses, it bests all the rest of the U.K.'s current wave of post-Coldplay bedwetters. [Jun 2006, p.145]"
AllMusic,60,"So much of Eyes Open is nearly, but not quite. [Jun 2006, p.114]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Stronger songs could have elevated it past mere prettiness."
E! Online,60,"Eyes Open hardly furthers Snow Patrol's rote one guitar attack, and repetition exposes Lightbody's interpretations of love's little hiccups as a tiring experience. [Jun 2006, p.108]"
Dot Music,50,"Anything that was either subtle or complicated has been erased to provide ready-made heart-on-sleeve love songs."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Snow Patrol suddenly sounds like a cross between Goo Goo Dolls and Train."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"Eyes Open is far from a horrible album. Its easy to listen to, its melodic, and its well-read. But youre a strong (or nave) listener if you can get past the calculation, the number-crunching, the crassness with which Lightbody has taken aim at the MySpace demographic."
Pitchfork,40,"Unfortunately, singer Gary Lightbody can't resist playing it safe. He slides comfortably back into the stadium-size ballads and mushy MOR formulas that scored on their million-seller, Final Straw."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Overreaches. [Jul 2006, p.88]"
musicOMH.com,40,"Snow Patrol got it all wrong with this album. [Summer 2006, p.93]"

New Musical Express (NME),84,"Yeah, it's good: vintage rock. [#20, p.92]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"There's plenty here for old and even new fans to enjoy."
Blender,70,"This one's got a whiff of the Stones' Black And Blue about it. [May 2006, p.98]"
Uncut,70,"It's at its best on the likes of 'Blackened Blue Eyes', which... is a cousin of their classic 'One To Another.' [8 Apr 2006, p.41]"
Rolling Stone,70,"This is a groovy record from start to finish, with no major standout fantastic song and nothing that sucks."
Mojo,67,"Those already on the Charlatans bandwagon will likely enjoy enough of Simpatico to warrant its purchase, but there's no questioning that's its one of their weaker efforts."
Prefix Magazine,67,"Mostly, the band sticks to their strengths, making music for a party that ended sometime in the 90s, with the occasional reggae inflection to differentiate it from previous albums."
Billboard,60,"Talk of Simpatico as the band's Sandinista! is, in truth, wide of the mark. It's better seen as a footpath linking the claustrophobia of their early work with the Black Country funk of Wonderland, while hinting at a way forward. [May 2006, p.124]"
PopMatters,60,"All in all, an enthusiastic effort, but... one wishes the band had embraced the trippy mindfuck of dub at its best, rather than the simple lockstep 4/4 on display here. [#13, p.84]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Simpatico... is the Charlatans' version of the Stones' Emotional Rescue: it's a groove-centric rock album, heavy on disco and reggae rhythms, where the overall vibe is more important than the individual songs."
Spin,60,"All in all, it's a strange but refreshing and likely unintentional throwback. [Sep 2006, p.81]"
Under The Radar,54,"Far too many tracks here opt for atmosphere over impact: In particular, the interchangeable dubwise ballads-- 'City of the Dead', 'Road to Paradise', and 'The Architect'-- veer perilously into a Club Med cocktail-hour circa 1984."
Filter,50,"While going reggae was always going to be risky, it's the severe lack of conviction - whether in Burgess's mumblings or songs general vagueness - that's the biggest problem."
Billboard,40,"They haven't completely taken their eye off what made the Charlatans so successful in the first place, but the new sound is none too convincing."
Mojo,40,"Predictably, it's not among the quintet's finest hours."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Nor does it help that they sound more like UB40 than they do the Specials."
NOW Magazine,40,"The dominating reggae rhythms sound thin and dynamic moments are rare. [May 2006, p.94]"
cokemachineglow,40,"Simpatico is too bland to stand. [Jun 2006, p.113]"
Stylus Magazine,30,"Spare us from the anaemic, over-produced, shiny white boy skank and shuffle that makes up the bulk of this utterly unexciting, uninspiring, and unimportant album."

Uncut,90,"Pearl Jam hasn't sounded as alive or engaging as they do here since at least Vitalogy, if not longer."
Under The Radar,90,"Pearl Jam is fully, comprehensively re-energized."
AllMusic,90,"Pearl Jam is another straight-up collection of raw, blistered rock and moody mid-tempo balladry.  The difference here, and the reason for excitement, is that the self-titled record more consistently achieves the grandeur, rage, and beauty theyve always pursued, throughout its entirety."
Paste Magazine,90,"Strikes with a magnificent urgency."
Pitchfork,83,"The seriously hopped-up effort fans have been pining for since Vitalogy."
Dot Music,83,"The band gladly sacrifices fluidity for drama, and even catchy Pearl Jam tracks like 'World Wide Suicide' (with its winding hook and acid lyrics) and 'Parachutes' (with its charmingly odd acoustic bounce) periodically wander into the murk."
musicOMH.com,80,"As immediate and despairing as breaking news from Baghdad... Pearl Jam is also as big and brash in fuzz and backbone as Led Zeppelin's Presence. [4 May 2006, p.55]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The band socks away the adventurous experimentation that dogged some of its most recent records to investigate a post-September 11, war-ravaged world overflowing with urgency and significance."
The Guardian,80,"Now as ever, Pearl Jam takes itself seriously. But it delivers that seriousness not with the sodden self-importance of rock superstardom, but with the craft and hunger of a band still proving itself on the spot. [1 May 2006]"
Urb,80,"And while it most certainly does fill this grunge kid with nostalgia for a simpler time, its the first latter day Pearl Jam album that is plenty good enough to stand on its own."
Q Magazine,80,"Unfashionable as they probably are, Pearl Jam have gone some way to regaining both their fire and their relevance with this, a record that takes equally from classic Neil Young stylings as it does raging, polemic punk."
PopMatters,80,"Concise, focused and even, its a great addition to the bands increasingly rich catalog."
AllMusic,76,"It's a pleasant surprise for those who feared that the group's glory days were long gone."
Billboard,75,"The music is leaner and more concise than we're used to from Pearl Jam, the performances brisk, frisky and light on their feet. [30 Apr 2006]"
PopMatters,75,"Songs like 'World Wide Suicide' and 'Severed Head' even come close to recreating the hard rock thrills of the band's billion-selling debut, Ten."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Song-for-song, they havent made an album this misstep-free since Vs."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It's got all the elements of a great album, but it doesn't evoke the feeling of listening to the band's first three seminal albums."
The A.V. Club,70,"This is Pearl Jam, it's down to you whether that means anything or not."
Rolling Stone,70,"If their songs occasionally resemble the power ballads that grunge supposedly outmoded, that's the price of being a truly potent classic rock band. [Jun 2006, p.109]"
Amazon.com,70,"They seem to be having fun. [Jun 2006, p.79]"
The New York Times,70,"Pearl Jam sound reborn, vital. [Jul 2006, p.112]"
cokemachineglow,67,"The middle gets muddy, as they return to their weaker late-Nineties fare (read: 'ballads'), but it's a strong album overall."
Dot Music,60,"Though few of these 13 numbers have the drama of tracks by the Who or Led Zeppelin, from whom the band draw much of their style, Pearl Jam play like men on a mission."
Paste Magazine,60,"While it's hard to question their motives and integrity, Avocado fails to deliver the grand statement we might expect."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"Tighter and more energized than anything the band has done since Vitalogy. [Jun 2006, p.142]"
Los Angeles Times,55,"Instead of trying to rage against the machine, they're appealing to its intellectual nature. Unfortunately, this nuance is steamrolled by the group's need for fan-friendly riffage."
E! Online,40,"This is a further stumble away from the glory days of 'Ten'. [29 Apr 2006, p.39]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"[It] is a lusher and less challenging listen than recent efforts, but it's also curiously featureless, the sound of a group drained of passion and fresh ideas. [Jun 2006, p.118]"

Slant Magazine,100,"As with everything in Tool's oeuvre, 10,000 Days packs enough beauty, heartache and triumph that it will be dissected, studied and envied by younger bands for years to come. [Jul 2006, p.196]"
Playlouder,80,"It's not only a step forward for the band, but a re-embracing of the epic-length rock songs found at the roots of early heavy metal."
Uncut,80,"It's probably the most engagingly brilliant heavy metal album that'll be released on a major label all year."
Spin,80,"It's clear this group have ways of getting beneath your skin. [20 May 2006, p.33]"
Mojo,75,"Sounds exactly like you would expect a Tool album to sound."
Austin Chronicle,75,"If '10,000 Days' lacks the absolute intensity and focus of 2001's 'Lateralus,' the new album at least stands as a stirring repeat of the Tool musical manifesto. [6 May 2006]"
The Guardian,70,"On 10,000 Days... Tool maintain a level of craftsmanship and virtuosity unparalleled in metal. [15 Jun 2006, p.92]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Essentially a synthesis of the various phases of the band's career. [Jul 2006, p.85]"
Blender,60,"When Tool sounds as good as it does on ['Jambi' and 'The Pot'] it's hard to get enough. Which makes it all the more baffling that a surprisingly large chunk of the disc is given over to mood-enhancing soundscapes like 'Lost Keys' and 'Vigniti Tres.'"
Pitchfork,60,"Stupendously packaged, the music robustly mixed and often achieving new levels of bleak beauty, 10,000 Days is too strong a work to call a disappointment, but the constant need to fill out a CD to 75-80 minutes is threatening to become the bands undoing."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The entire record is a disquieting trip."
Q Magazine,60,"Neither funny nor thought-provoking, the band strains for touchstones beyond the technicality of prog-metal and rarely achieves them."
Alternative Press,60,"I, myself, will likely revisit 10,000 Days for plenty of extended listens, partly because I'm a percussion whore and partly because I want to be able to enjoy it with my Super Metal Friendz. But this is Soy Tool, a rubbery substitute for the real thing."
AllMusic,60,"As daunting as its title suggests. [Jul 2006, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"It presumably adds up to Something Important, but good luck deciphering what. [Jul 2006, p.103]"
New Musical Express (NME),59,"Rather than delving further into experimentation or exploring their strengths, Tool have made an...A Perfect Circle record."
E! Online,50,"10,000 Days sounds messy and poorly paced."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Nothing here to best the hungry creativity of Aenema's 'Eulogy' or Lateralus' 'The Grudge,' which is particularly frustrating given that drummer Danny Carey dazzles again."
Rolling Stone,33,"'Progressive' doesnt mean clocking in at over seven minutes no matter what. It doesnt mean hitting every goddamn skin, tom-tom, and cowbell on your drum set. Being 'Progressive' doesnt justify an album cover that looks like a stoner stumbled upon a documentary on Mayan civilization. Im not sure, but I think 'Progressive' is about growth and change."

Spin,100,"City is a rare thing: a disc that reconciles a band's need for discovery with the familiar characteristics that define them. [Jun 2006, p.171]"
Amazon.com,91,"This is the Jersey qunitet's most riff-heavy, unified work yet. [28 Apr 2006, p.136]"
PopMatters,91,"Their previous efforts have now paid off, culminating in a condensed treatise of confusion, longing, and maturation."
Billboard,83,"Lush-yet-powerful songs that neither abandon the band's roots nor wallow in them."
cokemachineglow,80,"Thursday simply sound like a superior version of themselves."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A widescreen goth-punk stunner. [Jun 2006, p.144]"
Uncut,70,"A quality album. [6 May 2006]"
Blender,70,"[It] signpost[s] a possible future for emo. [29 Apr 2006, p.39]"
Pitchfork,70,"While the album works superbly as a cohesive whole, the individual tracks have a tendency to get bogged down in their own melodrama."
NOW Magazine,70,"A mightily heavy and punky album. [Jul 2006, p.119]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"While the rest of the band have proven they can write solid music, it's singer Geoff Rickly who presents the biggest problem, and that's mostly because the man simply cannot tone down his over-emoting."
Stylus Magazine,60,"A sprinkle of Flaming Lips fairy-dust may be just what the genre needs to slip its genre straitjacket. [Jul 2006, p.114]"
Alternative Press,58,"Working on the humane assumption that all screamo records can't be equally horrible, the reviewerati have singled out this big-ticket effort... Unburdened by theory, however, I find that its distinction boils down to slightly subtler tunecraft and dynamic range."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Aside from Fridmann's studio expertise, there's little here that elevates Thursday above the followers they disdain."

Stylus Magazine,83,"Louder Now justifies its name thanks to a chunkier array of riffs and choruses. [28 Apr 2006, p.135]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Taking Back Sunday should be commended, not for just choosing not to rehash their older work, but for truly trying to branch out artistically--and succeeding most of the time. [May 2006, p.155]"
AllMusic,80,"The combination of titanic chunk-chunk riffs, sleek lead guitar, and radio-ready harmonizing comes across as heroic. [Jun 2006, p.82]"
Blender,70,"Even if Louder Now brings the mosh-pit fun ready to be embraced by new and old fans alike, an attempt to push themselves further would be more than welcomed."
Billboard,70,"A few of the songs and stanzas are overpacked, but the bigger sound generally works. [24 Apr 2006]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"A turbocharged attack spiked with dark, catchy melodies and giant choruses."
PopMatters,67,"While the 'darker follow-up to the breakthrough album' angle was an unavoidable clich for Louder Now, Taking Back Sunday does their part by giving the more aggressive workouts a stronger sense of purpose."
Q Magazine,60,"Without a target for their ire, TBS opt for sheer emo relentlessness. [May 2006, p.111]"
NOW Magazine,60,"A somewhat humourless affair. [Jun 2006, p.115]"
Uncut,60,"Alas, it tails off towards the end, and TBS never quite shake the feeling that other people are doing this sort of thing far more thrillingly elsewhere. [20 May 2006, p.33]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),42,"That's not to say that Louder Now lacks charm--'Spin' and 'Miami' excellently blend the band's acumen for punk punchiness and melody alike--but the album's numbing repetitiveness negates it."
Rolling Stone,40,"TBS's main problem is that they write precisely two kinds of songs: energetic pop rock with whiny vocals, and midtempo power rock, again with whiny vocals."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"It's all perfectly competent, but rather generic. [Jun 2006, p.119]"

Alternative Press,80,"A lush, captivating, and dynamically vocalized album on the mellower end of Butlers usual stylistic spectrum."
Spin,80,"An unexpected triumph."
AllMusic,70,"A mature, thoughtful comeback."
The New York Times,70,"Fine song craft and distinct vocals still shine. [Mar 2006, p.122]"
Rolling Stone,70,"This is probably the album that Coldplay will be making a few years down the line, when they finally give up on trying to shake arenas U2-style and work more toward their atmospheric strengths."
Stylus Magazine,70,"A winning mix of melody and melancholy. [Aug 2006, p.111]"
Blender,60,"A likeable, though inconsistent, record."
Uncut,60,"It's refreshingly under-eager. [Aug 2006, p.94]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Richard Butler is a personal and, at times, beautiful album, but sadly not enough to qualify it as a success."
The A.V. Club,40,"Fairly mundane. [Aug 2006, p.86]"

NOW Magazine,70,"If you haven't discovered Stereophonics' live show yet, Live from Dakota is a good place to start."
Q Magazine,70,"The songs hold up well live, and the recording quality is terrific."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Rather than try to duplicate the new-wavy sounds of their current output, the trio smartly keep the sound consistently raw, and lead singer Kelly Jones hasn't sounded this inspired or dangerous since 97's Word Gets Around."
The Guardian,70,"Stereophonics, like their countrymen Manic Street Preachers, are equally adept at making the slow, infectious ballad just as pleasing and appealing as they are with harder rock tracks."
AllMusic,60,"A handy 'best of the Stereophonics--for now.' [8 Apr 2006, p.39]"
Urb,40,"This is one for hardcore fans only and casual listeners will be better off waiting for the inevitable Greatest Hits compilation."
PopMatters,40,"Despite the hysterical crowd response, Live From Dakota is as meat'n'potatoes as its creators. [May 2006, p.130]"
Q Magazine,40,"Joyless but effective. [May 2006, p.124]"

NOW Magazine,100,"[It] was mind-bending in its day and remains so now. [May 2006, p.122]"
Paste Magazine,91,"Despite seven unessential bonus tracks, the remastered Ghosts feels haunting, hypnotic and fresh 25 years later. [14 Apr 2006, p.87]"
Prefix Magazine,90,"A pioneering work for countless styles connected to electronic, ambient, and third-world music."
Uncut,90,"It's a pity that the immaculate construction that is Ghosts now has an extension tacked on to it. [Apr 2006, p.119]"
AllMusic,90,"The songs sound as modern and fresh as if they were recorded last year."
Delusions of Adequacy,86,"Simply put, in 2006, My Life is a timeless evaluation of Assimilation, sometimes harmless, sometimes bleak, but consistently absorbing."
NOW Magazine,85,"Crucial parts of the album don't sound as intriguing today as they once did-- namely, all of the voices....  On the other hand, the rhythm tracks still kick ass 10 ways to Sunday."
PopMatters,84,"Basically, this is the definitive (if incomplete) version of a landmark release."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's an 'important' record... But, more crucially, it's an enduringly entrancing listen. [Apr 2006, p.123]"
musicOMH.com,80,"As an experimental project, it's clever and varied, and a vital chapter in the history of electronic music and sampling. As a pop record, it's tantalising, sensitive and essential; if you don't already own My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts, the reissue's extra tracks make now as good a time as any."
Q Magazine,80,"It's more exciting than most everything made by glitch gurus on their laptops today."
Uncut,80,"Its wilful lack of song structure may make for a think-piece album rather than a jukebox favourite, but it's hard to deny its still-powerful magic. [May 2006, p.137]"
Mojo,80,"Nearly a quarter of a century after its initial release, My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts remains a beautifully finished work, despite its complexity: every line and fragment in place, every surface and effect neatly separated out. [#266, p.56]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Fans of musical experimentation, and Eno / Byrne completists, will no doubt want to add this set to their list, but for the uninitiated, you might be better off spending an hour or two browsing the World Music department of your nearest record shop than grappling with this quaintly outmoded collection."
AllMusic,70,"The album remains strangely compelling if slightly bloodless, a fascinating conceptual leap into unknown territory that loses little importance for its status as an essentially inchoate entity."
Uncut,67,"Theres a lingering sense that the product at the center of all the hubbub remains something less than its lofty reputation."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Bush of Ghosts seems half-baked, putatively cerebral yet underthought, interesting only because somebody famous did it."

cokemachineglow,80,"In simplest terms, this is emotional catharsis put to pop music. And it sounds fucking great. [Jun 2006, p.174]"
Pitchfork,75,"It's as turgidly epic as the tenets of the genre demand. [14 Apr 2006, p.84]"
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Sound the Alarm is ultimately just another good Saves the Day record."
Blender,60,"Sound The Alarm shows that while they're still very much an acquired taste, these guys are much more capable than many would have liked to think."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's hardly revolutionary and nothing eclipses their finest career moment At Your Funeral, but there's nothing too wrong here. [Jun 2006, p.118]"
NOW Magazine,30,"Saves the Day have given their fans nothing exciting, innovative, or new."

Q Magazine,100,"Ringleader Of The Tormentors is the sound a man with a new sense of purpose, and in this extraordinary record he's produced a masterpiece."
The Wire,90,"Some of his most impressive songs in years."
Dot Music,90,"'Ringleader' proves Morrissey does not need to be miserable to make memorable music."
PopMatters,90,"What's so remarkable about Morrissey's writing on 'Ringleader...' is a seeming greater comfort with the more upbeat subject matter than with his usual morose metier, and what remains of that is executed with an exceedingly hammy fist."
Stylus Magazine,90,"[Many] of the songs submerge the rock and roll swagger of Your Arsenal in dramatic atmospherics, making ofr an astonishingly immediate visceral experience. [#20, p.91]"
Rolling Stone,83,"Morrissey doesnt have that much to say now, but its never really been just about the words. And when everything fits into place on Ringleader of the Tormenters, he can deliver those sweet-nothings with such panache that it doesnt really matter anyway."
Alternative Press,83,"These tunes find him not only reconnecting with his sense of melodic urgency but with his loins, as well."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Track for track, Ringleader is unquestionably Morrissey's best in ages."
AllMusic,80,"'Ringleader Of The Tormentors' sees Morrissey not only in wonderful voice, but more flamboyant and alive than at any time in his solo career."
NOW Magazine,80,"Quite honestly, he's never sounded so alive and free - or, more importantly, human."
Q Magazine,80,"Ringleader of the Tormentors is, rather than the now-anticipated letdown, another fitting heir to [his] legacy."
PopMatters,80,"As with everything Morrissey does, ROTT's resonance will elude those not hitherto fascinated by its master's voice. A shame, for in terms of pure musicality, ROTT is possibly his most ecumenical solo album, his most welcoming and loveable. [Apr 2006, p.89]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Longtime devotees may miss Morrissey's Smiths-era vocal histrionics, but his supple croon has matured into a thing of beauty. [May 2006, p.103]"
The Guardian,80,"A romantic, self-referential collection of songs that, even though we've heard this inimitable voice singing the same old tune for years, manages to avoid staleness. [May 2006, p.174]"
Billboard,80,"One of his finest solo outings to date. [#13, p.87]"
Playlouder,80,"Ringleader is Moz at his tormented best. [Apr 2006, p.88]"
Filter,80,"Ringleader of the Tormentors feels rushed and underdone in both the songwriting and arrangements."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Morrissey regains his knack for conversational hooks and his wry, literate sense of humor. [#71, p.105]"
E! Online,80,"Morrissey has managed to assemble a record that feels like a genuine Morrissey record while not being insufferably self-important and brooding."
The A.V. Club,75,"Not the invigorating wake-up that was 2004's You Are The Quarry, his new album... feels more like an elegiac memoir. [7 Apr 2006, p.60]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"[A] potentially polarizing mash note."
Dot Music,70,"You Are The Quarry... was Morrissey's strongest album in years, but Ringleader reframes it as mere foreplay. [6 Apr 2006, p.62]"
Pitchfork,70,"While it may be the most proficient musical record that Morrissey has put out in aeons... it doesnt quite measure up to the high standards set by You Are The Quarry or the superlative debut that was Viva Hate."
Mojo,70,"The production on each song is a little too repetitive."
Blender,70,"A simmering, sultry affair."
Alternative Press,60,"It's hard not to shake the suspicion that this album is the closest he's ever been to forgettable."
Under The Radar,60,"What we are left with is a sense of something not quite finished... It makes Ringleader Of The Tormentors feel like a transitional album. [Apr 2006, p.108]"
Urb,60,"Funnily enough, it's the lyrics that let Ringleader down the most. [Apr 2006, p.94]"
Neumu.net,60,"Strangely underwhelming. [Apr/May 2006, p.100]"
Magnet,50,"[His] vocals don't have the same strength or range they did just two years ago on You Are the Quarry."
cokemachineglow,50,"Whereas You Are The Quarry was a welcome return to form, Ringleader Of The Tormentors makes you wonder if seven-year gaps between albums are necessary."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Mostly, though, it's the usual whining about his tortured life as as a once-celebrated pop star and being unloved in a harsh world, but with fewer droll song titles and clever couplets."
Spin,40,"While the lyrics are uniformly excellent...  the songs mainly range from not good to pretty good. [3 Apr 2006]"
Rolling Stone,30,"His newest album is at best a parody of old Morrissey. He has become boring. He has become stagnant. He has become irrelevant."

Drowned In Sound,90,"As sleek and assured as anything the trio have done."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Darker than its predecessors, the harrowing Meds is as close Placebo have come to that perfect album."
Village Voice,80,"Secure, self-aware and even funny, this could well be the masterpiece they've always promised to make. [11 Mar 2006, p.43]"
AllMusic,80,"Stellar. [May 2006, p.176]"
Q Magazine,70,"Molko still manages to carry songs with his affected, nasal delivery as the band provides a steady backbone."
Uncut,70,"Meds is as bare and honest as Placebo has ever been."
Paste Magazine,70,"While there is nothing even marginally groundbreaking here, Placebo have still returned with another steady record in Meds."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Their most focused album to date. [Apr 2006, p.118]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Piles on near-emo levels of deep feelings over a plush bed of New Order synth beats and echoey atmospherics. [6 Apr 2006, p.69]"
NOW Magazine,60,"A version of Coldplay's X&Y for the Hot Topic set, Meds finds a successful band doing just a little to tinker with their proven formula--in this case, bombastic melodic hooks supporting straightforward, repetitive lyrical turns-of-phrase--and attempting to pass off a few too many soundalike tracks as thematic coherence."
The New York Times,60,"A third of these songs can rightly be claimed as classic Placebo pop. [Apr 2006, p.106]"
PopMatters,51,"Meds isn't a terrible album, but there's very little to get excited about on it either, and Placebo's calculated naughtiness is no more convincing than it's ever been."
Dot Music,50,"If you are able to ignore the lyrics, you'll be rewarded: the choruses on Meds are catchy."
musicOMH.com,40,"Sure, there are some massive tunes here, more so than on much of the bands recent work. But by the time the chorus on Blind fades back into the verse, its so familiar that the anthem passes by without leaving a trace of emotion whatsoever."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Molko aims for film-noir sleaziness, but barely warrants a parental-guidance sticker."
Alternative Press,40,"The endless drug references now seem calculating rather than risque, while the daft lyrics simply grate. [Apr 2006, p.106]"

NOW Magazine,83,"[Nicholls'] feral, melodic garage punk is refreshing. [7 Apr 2006, p.60]"
AllMusic,83,"The band's recovery on Vision Valley is nothing short of remarkable."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Rocks with a woozy pothead-punk swagger. [May 2006, p.91]"
Q Magazine,80,"Possibly the best 31 garage-rock minutes you'll hear this year."
Rolling Stone,80,"Confounds all expectations. [May 2006, p.128]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Nicholls has regained his muse in spectacular style. [May 2006, p.129]"
Mojo,80,"Gone is the blissed-out sunshine of earlier Vines releases, and instead rampant paranoia comes to the fore. [#20, p.91]"
Pitchfork,70,"'Vision Valley' is the sound of a band with nothing more to lose, a super-condensed portrait of their career thus far."
Prefix Magazine,60,"One wishes they would spend a little more time plowing through the album while kicking amps and knocking over mic stands rather than changing things up."
PopMatters,60,"Vision Valley doesn't really offer anything new or exciting."
The Guardian,60,"Vision Valley might be a little predictable, but at least the Vines sound like they're back in control of their lives and music again."
Uncut,60,"A new, liberating vulnerability marks the more reflective songs. [May 2006, p.110]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Some nice instrumentation, with mandolin and other strings makes for an odd juxtaposition with the stunningly inane lyrics."
E! Online,50,"A certain emotional hollowness creeps in, from pretty but rote ballads like 'Take Me Back' to Cobain-o-matic rockers like 'Fuk Yeh.'"
Spin,40,"A knack for woozy melodies is one weapon at Nicholls' disposal; but here they're fatally undermined both by his petulant vocal style and by the rickety, paper-thin production."
The Guardian,40,"If this is The Vines vision then they have set their sights on something remarkably mundane."
Uncut,40,"The album fails to make any impression other than utter mediocrity."
Q Magazine,34,"On the stupid loud songs, Craig Nicholls sounds like a bored Kurt Cobain. On the stupid slow songs, Craig Nicholls sounds like a bored Liam Gallagher."
Filter,20,"The Vines ultimately come off as nothing more than a proficient Nirvana cover band, lacking a perspective of their own or a voice that really demands attention."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Each of their albums so far has been misleading because none of them have really caught what Embrace are about properly, who they are. This New Day, warts and all, finally does that."
Billboard,80,"This New Day is an excellent companion to Out of Nothing, with only a slight drop-off in quality."
musicOMH.com,70,"'This New Day' is, by Embrace's own standards, a triumphant album indeed. [25 Mar 2006, p.35]"
AllMusic,60,"Live, there's little doubt, these tracks will find their own groove and grow, but here they're like show dogs, primped and primed and hard to love."
Blender,60,"Surprises don't abound."
NOW Magazine,60,"Sounding suitably big and blustery, it's also stuffed with lots of positive thinking and hopes for a better tomorrow. [May 2006, p.128]"
Rolling Stone,40,"This large, noisy album will probably satisfy Embrace enthusiasts while continuing to baffle those who can't see the point. [May 2006, p.105]"
Dot Music,40,"Sadly, if you possess any of Embrace's four other albums, you'll have heard it all before. [May 2006, p.98]"
Drowned In Sound,20,"An album so overblown yet inspiration-free as to be worthy of national shame."

PopMatters,80,"The qualities that once made The Verve the nation's top anthemists are recognisably intact on this new effort, from its stately pace to its burnished sense of grandeur. [Feb 2006, p.70]"
Pitchfork,70,"His voice sounds better than ever, and while nothing here recaptures the glory years of The Verve, his songs are more focused than ever before."
Slant Magazine,70,"Rarely has he sung this well. [Feb 2006, p.99]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"For the most part, Keys To The World is a definite step forward and demonstrates that Ashcroft is finally hitting his stride as a solo artist."
AllMusic,60,"A deeply personal, occasionally lifeless but equally insightful passage into the latest chapter of Richard Ashcroft's life story."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"What compensates for 'Keys To The World''s shortcomings... is that voice. [21 Jan 2006, p.33]"
Dot Music,60,"Keys to the World does have a few great moments, but it's not the definitive solo record he's been promising."
The Guardian,60,"Very focused and quietly anthemic. [Feb 2006, p.92]"
Q Magazine,60,"What both sinks and saves the album is Ashcroft's songwriting. [#13, p.90]"
Uncut,60,"Not terribly different [from 'Human Conditions'], though certainly more pastoral and perhaps more middle of the road."
Mojo,50,"Sure its full of unwavering confidence and some pretty songs, but the dull groove Richard Ashcroft seems to have settled into is striking."
Observer Music Monthly,50,"More corny than convincing. [May 2006, p.91]"
Uncut,40,"Too much is sodden with his overbearing ego."
musicOMH.com,40,"Give or take the odd tweak - a Bittersweet Symphony-ish orchestral sample on Music Is Power, some dated-sounding world music influence on the title track - Keys to the World sticks fast to the blueprint: soft-rock plod, songs that abandon verses and choruses in favour of dragging out a simple chord sequence to the point of distraction."
Q Magazine,40,"His voice is bland and has little variety."
Slant Magazine,40,"In trying to wrest profundity from simplicity, Keys to the World is only profoundly disappointing."
Drowned In Sound,30,"How the mighty have truly fallen."
New Musical Express (NME),20,"Swept up in maudlin strings and chintzy brass, Ashcroft blurs his anguished syllables like Tom Petty doing Bob Dylan, embraces U2-jerkoff bombast, and follows his idiosyncratically generic muse into uncharted depths. Keys to the World is as hilariously indulgent as 'Trapped in the Closet', if vastly less self-aware; it's also a more laughable satire of contemporary music than Bang Bang Rock 'n' Roll, though less durable and totally accidental."
Prefix Magazine,20,"[Ashcroft] possesses one of the definitive rock voices and has an undeniable gift for melody, but he pairs those talents here with truly insipid lyrics and uninspired MOR arrangements."

Mojo,91,"As timeless and tuneful as any of their past masterworks. [10 Mar 2006, p.68]"
Under The Radar,80,"While not as dark, muscular or streamlined as the band's excellent, eponymously titled 2003 album, Flat-Pack Philosophy grows better and better with each listen."
AllMusic,80,"Shelley deliver[s] his best songs in years. [Apr 2006, p.96]"
PopMatters,72,"Yes, the Buzzcocks are doing what they've always done-- writing raucous pop songs-- but there's something to be said for honing and plying one's craft."
Spin,70,"Though there are hooks galore to be found on Flat-Pack Philosophy, the tempos have eased up a bit so that Diggle's and Shelley's guitar parts have more room to interact with one another."
Playlouder,70,"Flat-Pack Philosophy largely trades in the darkness and aggression of its predecessor for a poppier, more melodic approach. Its rather different from Buzzcocks but nearly as strong, showing that the last album was no fluke: the second version of the band has finally hit its stride in the studio."
The Guardian,70,"Formula, for sure, but it's the Buzzcocks' own: the original and best. [Apr 2006, p.88]"
NOW Magazine,70,"It's a sterling testimony to both the songwriting skills of Pete Shelley and Steve Diggle and bassist Tony Barber's crisp production that Buzzcocks still sound so undeniably valid. [Apr 2006, p.112]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Nothing new here, as you might expect, but a handful of catchy tracks could teach those young whippersnappers a thing or two about melody. [11 Mar 2006, p.43]"
Dot Music,60,"There is simply too much going on. [#13, p.90]"
Pitchfork,40,"Much of Flat-Pack Philosophy is mired in a muddle. [9 Mar 2006, p.94]"

Billboard,91,"[Mudhoney] are as furious, as weird, and as tuned-down as ever. [#19, p.101]"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"A fabulous record."
Neumu.net,80,"Its precision in sound and spirit cant be denied; Under A Billion Suns is a triumphant, wild mess."
Uncut,80,"Their best record in years. [Apr 2006, p.218]"
Pitchfork,80,"Under a Billion Suns is a great record, and Mudhoney is one of the best bands in rock 'n' roll, period."
AllMusic,80,"The rock these four men so easily brandish is every bit the equal, if not the better, of that deployed by so-called peers half their age."
PopMatters,80,"With its indelible songs and bug-eyed intensity, this album makes you wish that more bands could be so irreverent. [Apr 2006, p.100]"
Mojo,80,"Under a Billion Suns is one of the hardest and tightest albums this band has ever made."
Q Magazine,80,"Mudhoney is a new band lyrically and emotionally."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Musically, the boys prove once again that grunge needn't be reduced to Black Sabbath meets Black Flag. [#13, p.94]"
Under The Radar,75,"Mudhoney's saving grace is their sardonic worldview, which is as touchingly sick as ever amid the horn-spiked, bluesy arrangements. [10 Mar 2006, p.69]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Mostly they deliver a bluesy sprawl full of meaty punk riffs and Stooges-schooled abandon that still outpaces less-inspired slop-rock bands. [9 Mar 2006, p.94]"
Filter,70,"The bands best effort in over a decade."
Playlouder,70,"Their bleakest set of songs ever."
Lost At Sea,70,"Rollickingly great fun to listen to. [4 Mar 2006, p.31]"
Alternative Press,70,"So whats a band to do that sticks to its guns and produces some of the finest sludgy blues-punk this side of Blue Cheer? Well, for starters, add horns. Call it a gimmick or a last-ditch effort at reinvention, whatever the case, but it works."
Prefix Magazine,61,"What makes these weak attempts at earnestness all the more disappointing is that the music is great."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The problem isnt the music, which is lively and varied, but the disconnect between the artistic intent and the artistic output."
Mojo,60,"Mudhoney these days, for all their pioneer status, mostly just sound like a regular, decent rock band. [Apr 2006, p.105]"
AllMusic,60,"Abrasive, apocalyptic rock. [Apr/May 2006, p.105]"
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Under A Billion Suns is, by a wide margin, the tightest Mudhoney has ever sounded on record. It's all the more unfortunate, then, that the album's lyrics bait the comparison to... Green Day."
Under The Radar,50,"[The songs] may be executed with prowess, but their bandied crassness isn't just a tried-and-true style, it's a tiresome clich."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Most... is either shapeless mush or verging on self-parody. [Apr 2006, p.116]"

Rolling Stone,91,"Broudie... supplies the record with more thrust and polish than some of these half-written songs deserve."
PopMatters,90,"Exceptional technical ability, lyrical insight far beyond their years and unbridled exuberance merge into one of the most promising rock entrances since Radiohead's 'Pablo Honey.' [18 Feb 2006]"
NOW Magazine,84,"Chock full of indie anthems that possess the straightforward bravado of early Oasis singles, the punch of Ash's finest moments and Kurt Cobain's ear for a pop hook amidst the noise and confusion. [#19, p.101]"
New Musical Express (NME),83,"There's no denying the music is ridiculously fun, as it bounces from Strokes-style garage riffs and Nirvana-esque angst to epic Brit-pop melodies and pop twists."
Dusted Magazine,80,"[A] sterling debut. [Mar 2006, p.122]"
Pitchfork,75,"Young for Eternity is the record that US labelmates the Von Bondies should have made to follow-up Pawn Shoppe Heart, and the album that the White Stripes should make period."
cokemachineglow,70,"What makes the Subways stand apart with their brand of angst-ridden, razor garage-rock guile is that they truly sound like teenagers."
Uncut,70,"Crackles with the cocky, hormonal exuberance of youth: it's a profoundly teenage album. [Aug 2005, p.126]"
Paste Magazine,70,"An often exhilarating debut LP."
Slant Magazine,70,"Young For Eternity ultimately makes them a likable new addition to the rock scene."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"Perfectly good, if unspectacular, indie-rock singalongs. [17 Feb 2006, p.76]"
Q Magazine,66,"Too often the rawk they bring feels terribly labored."
The A.V. Club,60,"Feels comfortably familiar even as it rages to say something new."
Billboard,60,"You can't help but feel The Subways are stuck between rock and a slightly harder place, and are just a bit confused. [9 Jul 2005, p.57]"
Filter,60,"Some occasional local-band lyricism proves to be an Achilles Heel. [Sep 2005, p.108]"
E! Online,60,"Swings from rapid-fire rockers to acoustic-inspired melodic pieces. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.97]"
Alternative Press,60,"Their sound and influences seem to jump out all over the place, but regardless, it is entertaining."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Some restraint could take this band a long way. [#12, p.97]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"What's missing so far... is the offbeat charisma that would make the Subways into something more than a high-school cover band that got lucky. [Apr 2006, p.118]"

Q Magazine,80,"Train sounds refreshed and relaxed on 'For Me, It's You.' [4 Feb 2006]"
Rolling Stone,75,"Sure, the band is still peddling the same vaguely Americana M.O.R. sound that the Wallflowers and Counting Crows perfected in the mid-'90s, but for once it actually sounds interesting."
Slant Magazine,70,"The sound of For Me, It's You, is less strident than that of the band's previous offerings, but it's edgier and digs deeper into older musics and styles."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The songs here sound more than just professional--they sound surprisingly lived-in and earthy. [9 Feb 2006, p.64]"
Pitchfork,50,"Train continue to rumble down a middling path. [3 Feb 2006, p.70]"
AllMusic,50,"The music is often too banal to be good, let alone great. [6 Feb 2006]"
New Musical Express (NME),30,"'Get Out' and 'Am I Reaching You Now' strive for massive arena-rock grandeur, and, while Train is slick and professional enough a band to pull that off, what prevents the album from working even as marginally as X&Y and certainly not as well as The Constantines' Tournament Of Hearts is the banality of the songs' lyrics."

Uncut,90,"A collection that contains no weak links, no fillers, no afterthoughts and almost no mistakes."
Paste Magazine,80,"A mature and workmanlike metal monster-piece."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"P.O.D. too often fall back on vanilla 'bang boogie.' [Feb 2006, p.85]"
Under The Radar,60,"A sleek collision of burbling basslines, adversarial vocals and downtuned brutality. [Mar 2006, p.109]"
Blender,58,"Adds a few improved grooves and hooks to their usual numbing pummel. [3 Feb 2006, p.70]"
Billboard,42,"With nothing to react against and few new ideas to air, P.O.D. mostly operates in default mode, relying on hitmaker-for-hire Glen Ballard to inject the music with new life. Sadly, he doesn't."
E! Online,40,"New touches only further dilute P.O.D.'s already watered-down sound. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.96]"
AllMusic,40,"The most notable aspect of Testify, in fact, is how little P.O.D., or their guitars, have to say."
Rolling Stone,30,"It is P.O.D.'s lyrics, which are stuck in adolescent neutral, that doom 'Testify' to feeling like a relic. [28 Jan 2006]"
Entertainment Weekly,20,"P.O.D.'s new album sounds exactly like all their other ones."
The New York Times,0,"Therell be some splainin to do at the pearly gates."

Slant Magazine,100,"It may be one of the least 'punk' albums a pop-punk band will make this year--but it's probably one of the best, too. [Feb 2006, p.113]"
musicOMH.com,83,"What's surprising, given their rep as just another cookie-cutter teen-emo band, is how well they fare when enlisting unlikely guests for two numbers that abandon their area of expertise altogether. [27 Jan 2006, p.81]"
AllMusic,80,"A strong effort that trades sunny-sounding rockers and breakup songs for weightier concerns of war and family, 'Lights' conveys that maturity without seeming strained. [28 Jan 2006]"
Spin,75,"The band shows willingness to break form. [22 Jan 2006]"
Q Magazine,70,"Lights and Sounds' good songs are very good, and the album ends up being the band's most accomplished work yet."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Perhaps the most significant proof of Yellowcard's maturity is their restraint: Violinist Sean Mackin's chops are showcased with much greater subtlety on Lights and Sounds."
E! Online,67,"The band goes a different way now, and it's not necessarily a better one."
Blender,42,"It's too tepid to be offensive. [Feb 2006, p.87]"
Rolling Stone,40,"A band that traffics in momentum can't afford to take their foot off the gas as often as Yellowcard does. [Mar 2006, p.112]"
Billboard,30,"So while Yellowcard's hearts may be in the right place, it's clear they're simply incapable of realizing this clumsy faux magnum opus."
NOW Magazine,30,"Contains far too many bland ballads. [Feb 2006, p.105]"
Lost At Sea,30,"Unfortunately, the sorta-good parts just dont make up for the overabundance of flaccid mediocrity on display throughout most of the album."
Alternative Press,20,"A substandard, second-tier album with some strings thrown in for good measure."

Entertainment Weekly,75,"As brainless butt-shaking goes, it's still a pretty good ride. [20 Jan 2006, p.71]"
Billboard,70,"It's hard to take the band too seriously, but the songs are debaucherous fun. [14 Jan 2006]"
Los Angeles Times,67,"The music on the group's debut album... feels as if it was inspired by awkward adolescent feel-up LPs by the likes of Pat Benatar and Cheap Trick."
AllMusic,67,"Their gutsy spirit, while not 'soul' exactly, does allow the band to dodge flippant dismissals of poseurhood. [Jan 2005, p.90]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Granted, this stuff is far from cutting edge, but the album, produced by Gil Norton... has enough polish to make even the duller moments glint just a bit."
E! Online,60,"By the end of the album, all the candy-coated excess might leave you feeling a little like Courtney Love after a heavy night."
Spin,50,"Morningwood still feels like calculated fluff, even if it's calculated fluff that's mildly fun."
Blender,50,"Calculated space-age power rock."
NOW Magazine,40,"Sure, Morningwood is trashy, enjoyable, and utterly insignificant entertainment, but so is shotgunning a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon."
Q Magazine,39,"Instead of offering playful, engaging pop music, we get new wave retreads and a couple of rock journeymen and the whole thing comes off like an overgrown episode of MTV's 'Making the Band'."
PopMatters,33,"Morningwood does a great job at imitating, and they have spirit. But their spirit does not translate well to good listening, nor does it provoke the underwear-dancing and air guitar it hopes to achieve."
Drowned In Sound,30,"Sounds like a band mashing all the current trends and ending up with nothing."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"It's a studio-geek jam session that, in terms of sonic inventiveness, nearly beats the DJ-savvy original. [16 Dec 2005, p.82]"
Billboard,83,"The most rewarding reworkings (Boards of Canada's 'Broken Drum,' Octet's 'Girl') come from those who avoid novelty and realize that, underneath all the blips and glitches, Beck is just a soul man."
E! Online,80,"Most of [the remixers] subtly tweak the originals into charming facsimiles of Beck's clap-happy, orchestral folk-blues funk ditties. [Mar 2006, p.138]"
Spin,75,"Cut Mr. Hansen up, and he reassembles nicely, but weirdly enough, it's tough to out-Beck Beck. [Jan 2006, p.92]"
PopMatters,75,"A surprisingly cohesive rethink that manages several times to outshine its source material."
Rolling Stone,70,"'Guerolito' proves that remixes do not have to work solely for dance crossover: They can give a well-received album new legs among its original fans, too. [17 Dec 2005]"
AllMusic,70,"Guerolito is like Guero's spazzy, endearing little brother. [15 Dec 2005, p.154]"
Village Voice,70,"Beck's original versions now sound restrained and single-minded, probably truer to the songs. The remixes are busier and dizzier, leaving Beck to his melancholy while they have some fun. [12 Dec 2005]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The reinventions that fare best are the ones that come from the minds and hands of producers who dare to alter the attitude of the original compositions."
Pitchfork,70,"Over the course of the LP... the toe-tapping comfortably outweighs the head-scratching."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Will... have you oiling your joints and gearing up for a bit of robobooty gyration. [21 Jan 2006, p.33]"
Prefix Magazine,67,"Only half of these tracks provide truly valuable alternatives to Guero songs."
Entertainment Weekly,62,"Even for an artist this venerable, a remix record is still a remix record-- generally uneven, part enlightening, and part skippable."
E! Online,60,"Think of Guerolito as an addendum or an after-dinner mint  the worthwhile offerings it affords will be of most use to the listener who enjoyed the main course."
Alternative Press,60,"By letting inferior guests share his stage, Beck only reminds us what a unique and gifted individual he is."
Spin,60,"What becomes clear quickly is that... Beck still makes a better Beck album than anybody else. [#12, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Plays more like a gimmick than a remix album."
Billboard,50,"While a few get close, not one remix here stands up to the original on 'Guero'."
Rolling Stone,50,"Despite the variety of acts on the disc, the songs are surprisingly uniform in structure: stripped down to Beck's vocals (which are left intact) and rebuilt with a drum machine set to either 'monotonous' or 'uninspired.'"
The New York Times,40,"If the reheated Odelay-isms of last year's Guero felt like a tactical move in the wake of the soul-bearing torment of Sea Change, Guerolito has an equally hollow ring. [Feb 2006, p.86]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Guerolito's songs dissolve in an anonymous stream of chugging electro and dub effects. [Feb 2006, p.101]"

musicOMH.com,88,"While some recent Korn records sometimes got lost in the sludge, 'Twisted Transistor' and other new tracks reach back to find harsh, and intimate, hard-rock hooks. [6 Dec 2005]"
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Sonically stunning stuff. [16 Dec 2005, p.80]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"If rap-metal were ever meant to evolve, See You on the Other Side is the record that does it."
Pitchfork,80,"Korn have succeeded in bringing mainstream producers to inject freshness into their songs, without entering into a Faustian bargain and compromising their music."
PopMatters,70,"'See You on the Other Side' turns out to be Korn's version of a Nine Inch Nails album - a good one. [5 Dec 2005]"
Dot Music,70,"Fusing strange, arresting rhythms with gothic atmospheres, these surprisingly modern-sounding soundscapes should earn Korn a deserved second wind. [Jan 2006, p.127]"
Under The Radar,60,"Its center becomes weighed down with bland mid-tempo numbers and the final song detracts from the powerhouse close the record might have had."
Prefix Magazine,60,"For the most part, the producers simply add audio garnishing to Korn's signature sound via loops and Pro Tools trickery. [10 Dec 2005]"
Playlouder,60,"Unfortunately, singer Jonathan Davis can't find the focus and freshness to match the band's reanimated riffs."
Lost At Sea,60,"Less scary but more melodic, Korn guns for hits, not street cred. [Mar 2006, p.113]"
Uncut,50,"Has a polish that verges on parody."
Q Magazine,50,"If you scratch below the surface of 'See You On The Other Side' you'll find little of substance. [3 Dec 2005, p.43]"
Los Angeles Times,40,"Korn are too lumpen to handle 'sophisticated.' [Jan 2006, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Despite this album's production credits reading like a PhD thesis, Korn's commercial masterplan is fatally undermined by certain glaring weaknesses, the main one being that their singer is a dunderheaded, sexist, self-pitying fool."

AllMusic,100,"Against all odds, the completed Mezmerize/Hypnotize project is actually greater than the sum of its parts - in fact it quickly becomes impossible to think of it as anything else than one epic piece of work."
musicOMH.com,90,"'Hypnotise' is full on, paranoid, insane, intense, terrifying, and it's telling the truth too... dangerous stuff in other words."
The New York Times,90,"System of a Down confound and irritate even as they rock."
Q Magazine,88,"'Hypnotize' has some of the circus-is-in-town surrealism that links System to the Frank Zappa avant-rock tradition, but overall it's more of a fundamental rock album. [20 Nov 2005]"
Amazon.com,83,"It's a strange brew that may not be everyone's cup of tea; still, there's no denying these cats have their singular system down pat. [25 Nov 2005, p.100]"
Billboard,80,"The fact that this angry, avant-garde record, like its predecessor, will probably top the US charts is simply remarkable."
Rolling Stone,80,"The band's best album so far. [21 Nov 2005]"
Blender,80,"System Of A Down's music is highly layered and complex, but never succumbs to self-indulgence. Every track is tightly-coiled and urgent because, even while they're trying to broaden your horizons, SOAD are aware of the need to rock hard."
E! Online,80,"System Of A Down remains the one metal band non-metalheads can enjoy. [Dec 2005, p.156]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Hypnotize has a little bit of everything: protest, pretension, comedy, brute force, delicacy, compassion, crassness, fury. [Dec 2005, p.143]"
Uncut,79,"As the less ambitious of the two albums, Hypnotize is at once more aggressive and more restrained."
Dot Music,75,"Reaffirms the Los Angeles-based band's strong pop sensibility."
musicOMH.com,75,"For what it's worth, Hypnotize is the project's better half. [Dec 2005, p.102]"
Playlouder,70,"Not that the band's blend of metal; world music; jagged, breakneck rhythms; and non sequitur lyrics don't still connect, but it is nowhere near as dazzling as it was on its first two go-arounds. [26 Nov 2005]"
AllMusic,70,"That exhilarating directness gives Hypnotize a distinct edge over the more mannered theater of Mezmerize."
Los Angeles Times,60,"By destroying the momentum of the of the new record by tossing in a trio of very weak songs that are the very definition the word 'filler', what could have been a landmark hard rock double album becomes merely a good one."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"In many ways [it] seems in thrall to its predecessor. As a study in System Of A Down's multifarious strengths and occasional weaknesses, however, it's indispensable. [Jan 2006, p.110]"
The Guardian,60,"Hypnotize isn't a radioactive pile of suck, but had the Down boys offered some genuine hairpin turns in their aesthetic, there might be more reason to pursue a more meaningful dialogue that transcends the tired notion of 'System just being System.' [Jan 2006, p.127]"
The New York Times,50,"Even if Hypnotize is full of missteps, its existence as a separate entity is what makes Mezmerize nearly perfect."

Dot Music,100,"'Aerial' towers over the vast majority of even this year's embarrassment of riches."
Q Magazine,100,"It is filled with things only Kate Bush would do."
Blender,100,"Considering the length of her hiatus, this is a remarkable surprise."
Pitchfork,100,"Kate Bush is the greatest living British artist in song and this is her masterpiece. [Dec 2005, p.96]"
E! Online,91,"Aerial isnt perfect, but it is magnificent."
Spin,90,"Like all ambitious double albums, [Aerial] is not without its flaws, but even Bush's moments of failure are much more interesting than those of her contemporaries."
Billboard,90,"You could lose yourself for days here. [Dec 2005, p.142]"
Rolling Stone,90,"Over two CDs the music expands towards novel-like richness."
PopMatters,80,"There's no pushing of the envelope because there doesn't need to be. Aerial is rooted in Kate Bush's oeuvre, with grace, flair, elegance, and an obsessive, stubborn attention to detail."
Uncut,80,"Despite her prolonged absence, Bush sounds as vital as ever."
Alternative Press,80,"It's a stirring return to that special place behind the eyes of Kate Bush, where every raindrop contains universes within universes."
Stylus Magazine,75,"The songs don't always match the brouhaha surrounding their arrival, but there's no denying the exquisite craft on display."
Playlouder,70,"A more satisfying album intellectually than it is musically."
The Guardian,70,"Even if Aerial doesn't set the world on fire, it's good to hear Kate Bush again, and to hear a record that sounds so organic and grounded."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Even without the quirky, theatrical pop she offered in the 1980s, she has held up beautifully after her long hiatus from recording, creating a record that is very much her own."
Mojo,70,"'Aerial' has more than its share of static, but the highs are more than worth the lows. [12 Nov 2005, p.45]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"She balances her freakiness by matching her sublime chirp with grounded glories. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.93]"
musicOMH.com,70,"At times Aerial feels like such a grandiloquent monument to sweetness and motherhood and baroque English chamber pop that it gets a bit queasy. [#12, p.94]"
Q Magazine,70,"It's great to have her back. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.100]"
Neumu.net,67,"This is Kate Bush's domestic album. Listen to it stoned on a Sunday afternoon."
AllMusic,64,"Far be it from me to criticize happy endings, but in musical terms, a comfortable, even-keeled existence sometimes comes out as isolated and ordinary art."
Billboard,60,"A madly ambitious, darkly despondent and goofily exuberant grand folly of a record. [Album of the Month, Dec 2005, p.98]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Too much of Aerial fades into a soft-focus background of soothing synthesizers, murmuring bass, and twittering birdsong."

E! Online,75,"Exhausting, self-indulgent, and also kind of awesome. [18 Nov 2005, p.134]"
Dot Music,70,"Scab Dates is yet another intriguing window into the Mars Volta's world, instead of just a live album holdover."
PopMatters,70,"Marvellous. [5 Nov 2005, p.45]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"One of those rare live offerings: a document that actually complements the band's catalog. [#12, p.95]"
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Seventy-three crack-in-the-earth's-crust minutes liquefy into the same basic miasma as the sophomore LP that inspired them, yet more streamlined, less apt to wander into the ambient dead zones like 'Caviglia,' a problematic disconnection of the disc's overall forward thrust."
Blender,60,"At its best, it's a fantastic album, with amazing musicianship that's emotionally striking. At it's worse, it's empty."
Under The Radar,60,"Scabdates is as exhilarating as it is confounding."
Paste Magazine,60,"Your appreciation of Scab Dates will be predicated on a high tolerance to long bongo solos and songs called things like 'Abrasions Mount The Timpani'. [Jan 2006, p.113]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Scab Dates does an adequate job of capturing what is best experienced in the flesh."
Pitchfork,40,"The songs get lost in waves of wah-wah long before a long, slow fade into random-noise oblivion. [Dec 2005, p.149]"
Uncut,40,"At once punishingly long and oddly incomplete. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.110]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),35,"Given which songs are chosen and when this is being released, Scab Dates is a neither a concession nor a step forward, revealing inclinations that feel half as indulgent as they should when following a record like Frances the Mute, and about half as interesting to listen to."
Entertainment Weekly,10,"The album is essentially a tried-and-true big-budget rock album gimmick writ large: smother the listeners in a minute or so of formless noise (using the artiest guitar and keyboard settings imaginable, of course), and then snap them out of the doldrums with the sweep of a heroic chord progression."
AllMusic,10,"Wading through the next 70-plus minutes of wandering noise and blank hissing for the gems was painful, to put it mildly, because when I got to them, they were played off-key and incredibly quickly, as if the band wanted to get it over with and get back to banging on the guitars and making nonsensical noise."

New Musical Express (NME),100,"Not only is Depeche Mode virtually indestructible, the pioneering British synth-pop group also keeps getting better."
Under The Radar,91,"Every moment screams to be played a little bit louder and a little bit longer; because Playing the Angel is just that good."
Austin Chronicle,90,"Like the best Depeche Mode, almost everything on the album will make an initial wowing impact while remaining layered enough in subtle details to surprise and thrill with repeated listens."
PopMatters,90,"Sounds so sure and committed that it could be the work of a new band. [Nov 2005, p.127]"
Rolling Stone,86,"It's got all the allure of classic D-Mode, but there's that lingering hint of taking oneself a tad too seriously. [#17, p.97]"
Uncut,80,"Revels in dirty guitars and fuzzy distortion while maintaining Depeche Mode's familiar electronic sound. [22 Oct 2005]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Some may say it doesn't move Depeche Mode forward a great deal; I say I don't give a damn, it's a real treat and I'll have some more, please."
Blender,80,"'Playing the Angel' is hardly the most essential Depeche Mode album ever, but it is Depeche Mode doing what they do best."
Paste Magazine,80,"[A] remarkable return to form. [Oct 2005, p.75]"
Pitchfork,80,"A pleasant surprise: engaging, exciting, and a much better album than most bands can muster after 25 years together. [Nov 2005, p.106]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It's taken ten years, but our beloved Mode has returned in fast fashion. [#11, p.106]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The album skillfully and confidently showcases all of Martin Gores songwriting strengths."
E! Online,80,"It's DM's ability to make you dance and look over your shoulder--sometimes simultaneously--that makes them relevant. [Dec 2005, p.212]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Shows a good deal more focus than their last two studio efforts. [Nov 2005, p.104]"
AllMusic,75,"There's an unexpected freshness to most of the songs. [16 Oct 2005]"
Q Magazine,75,"Their most self-assured and accessible release in over a decade. [28 Oct 2005, p.83]"
Filter,70,"It may be grim round Depeche's way, but they don't let it get in the way of a good melody."
Billboard,70,"Sounds surprisingly vital."
musicOMH.com,70,"If you really are the sort of person who's been waiting with bated breath for a new Depeche Mode release, then don't worry: You'll love this. Dear everyone else: It's pretty okay."
Playlouder,50,"The formula remains largely the same, although the group adds some production tricks, dialing down the perv factor and turning up some extra chirps and bloops they haven't used before."
Urb,50,"Far from bad... but so much of it sounds like a museum piece, the glum-pop self-harmings of another time. [12 Nov 2005, p.45]"
Uncut,40,"The second half drops off badly--the band seem to think that the tonic for a weak lyric is to slow the tempo to a crawl. [Nov 2005, p.130]"

Under The Radar,80,"With this outing, Harvey establishes himself not only as a fine composer, but as a songwriter."
Drawer B,80,"This is an album of varied pleasures: it doesn't grab you by the scruff of the neck but it pulls insistently at your arm until you have to take notice."
Alternative Press,80,"The collection of emotionally brutal songs found on One Man's Treasure is delivered with the vision of a cowboy looking at life through the bottom of a glass of whisky."
Mojo,68,"It's not quite as engaging as Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds, but in a pinch it will do."
Los Angeles Times,60,"A moody and restrained affair. [Oct 2005, p.108]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Maybe all originals next time? [Sep 2005, p.89]"
The Guardian,60,"Harvey's voice is not worthy of heavyweight songwriting. Still, when the songs are lighter, he succeeds. [Oct 2005, p.117]"

Dot Music,100,"This revisitation of the band's canon burns brighter than a thousand nuclear-rector accidents. [Nov 2005, p.218]"
Pitchfork,91,"Shows the Gang still do it best. [28 Oct 2005, p.84]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Time has not dulled the group's scarily tight musicianship. [15 Oct 2005]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It shows a band building a new outpost atop the summit of their achievements. [Nov 2005, p.124]"
Blender,80,"An impressive document of the band's discipline."
AllMusic,80,"The best Gang Of Four tribute album... ever. [Nov 2005, p.96]"
musicOMH.com,70,"One thing that remains unchanged, to no surprise whatsoever, is the enduring vitality of the material."
PopMatters,70,"Return the Gift sees the foursome re-recording their original songs and, implausibly, making them better."
Almost Cool,70,"So yes, they've still got it. But that still begs the question; do you need re-recordings of tunes that changed the face of rock music? Not as badly as you need the originals, that's for sure."
Uncut,70,"Listening to the sharp separation of song and instrumentation elements that mark these recordings reveals the merit in Gang of Four reworking their own songs. [#11, p.107]"
Mojo,60,"The problem is simply that Gang of Four got Entertainment! right the first time, whether they like it or not."
Q Magazine,60,"Bottom line is that if you've got the old albums and you want to experience Gang of Four again, better to shell out for the actual show than for the disc that approximates it."
Alternative Press,60,"Does it replace the originals as the definitive Gang of Four collection? No way."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Neither embarrassing nor unenjoyable, then, but still an exercise bearing a cautionary sting. [Nov 2005, p.98]"
Billboard,60,"It's the musical equivalent of George Lucas's tinkering with the Star Wars DVDs--some flaws are best left uncorrected. [Nov 2005, p.135]"
Q Magazine,60,"I'm sure purists would prefer to snag the recently remastered originals as opposed to this Gift, even though those older fans would be able to appreciate this album most."
PopMatters,50,"It's hard to see Gift as anything but an exercise in redundancy."
Mojo,50,"It's a little like a Crimewatch reconstruction: very well put together, all in a good cause, vaguely entertaining, but really they're just hoping it'll vaguely remind you of something that happened years ago. [1 Oct 2005, p.47]"
AllMusic,50,"It's disappointing to find Gang of Four recycling the past so bluntly, trafficking in a nostalgia industry they should be well above. [Dec 2005, p.122]"
The Guardian,50,"Though, technically, the production is much improved here, meaning that the album is louder and clearer, its still not a very enjoyable listen when the listener cant shake the idea that somethings amiss."

Dusted Magazine,100,"The cleaner take on Extraordinary Machine is like a trip to a less cluttered haunted house, and Apple's more nuanced delivery sticks the knife in, but slowly. It's both charming and devastating. [7 Oct 2005, p.72]"
Under The Radar,100,"With Extraordinary Machine, she shatters already sky-high expectations."
Lost At Sea,100,"This is one helluva piece of singer-songwriter art. [Nov 2005, p.129]"
Pitchfork,91,"Although Mike Elizondo adds momentum, Jon Brion's colors still predominate, and the melodic and structural contours are all Apple's."
Junkmedia,90,"There's a new layer of perspective on her magnificent third album. [3 Oct 2005]"
Uncut,90,"Extraordinary Machine may be more accessible, but it remains an art-pop album in its attitude, intent and presentation -- it's just that the presentation is cleaner, making her attitude appealing and her intent easier to ascertain, and that's what makes this final, finished Extraordinary Machine something pretty close to extraordinary."
Blender,90,"It's another solid set of passionate, angry, marvelously produced songs delivered by a singular voice, and it succeeds by following a muse that doesn't just ignore genre distinctions and pop delineationsit doesn't know they exist."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"A fine record."
Rolling Stone,90,"The title track and 'Waltz' bookend  Extraordinary Machine. Both excel, set to Brion's signature command of crisp, idiomatic, Van Dyke Parks-influenced Hollywood symphonics. But the Elizondo-Kehew tracks top them."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"With a less confessional and more confrontational attitude, this long-gestating album has lost the tenderness found on 'Tidal' and some of 'When the Pawn . . .,' but her execution still commands attention. [8 Oct 2005]"
Paste Magazine,80,"For every song that's been improved there's one that's been unnecessarily tooled with."
cokemachineglow,80,"Apple's strongest and most detailed batch of songs yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Apart the two versions are about equal, combined they could have been amazing."
Amazon.com,80,"There's now a sardonic wit to these break-up ballads. [Dec 2005, p.120]"
Blender,80,"Shes clever and sharp with her lyrical daggers, and shes frighteningly aware of the impact of her own voice."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"In a genre hardly noted for springing surprises on its listeners, Extraordinary Machine sounds like a real achievement: however torturous the gestation, it seems worthwhile."
The New York Times,80,"This is a frequently great and occasionally bold statement from an - extraordinary - artist on top of her game."
AllMusic,80,"With its prowling, piano-led menace and barely contained fury, Extraordinary Machine offers ample confirmation that Apple is far darker than your average singer-songwriter. [Jan 2006, p.126]"
The A.V. Club,80,"A fine, off-beat listen. [Jan 2006, p.124]"
musicOMH.com,75,"Elizondo's zippy production effectively pushes Apple's tendency to plod. [Nov 2005, p.96]"
Village Voice,70,"Not only have Brions strings been replaced by an indescribably awkward alt-rock guitar riff and a misplaced drum beat, but Apples vocals have lost all of their bite and passion. On Brions work, she seemed hungry, ready to get back into it all. Here she retains the emotion that such a talented singer can muster on a good day but none of the rawness that signifies her best work."
Billboard,70,"Lurches spectacularly from lounge-jazz to avant-vaudeville and takes a pop at everything in between. [14 Jan 2006, p.34]"
Slant Magazine,67,"Her voice has grown huskier with age, the songs are barely there, and hip-hop producer Mike Elizondo doesn't have the delicate hand that's required to bring them to life."
Rolling Stone,67,"If the back end didn't sag, this cyborg would be unstoppable."
ShakingThrough.net,65,"Lacking both the musical and counter-cultural thrill of the Brion recordings, this album turns away from a certain artistic 'rawness' in the original recordings, razing away counter-melodies and acoustic decay for a well-polished delivery that presents the photogenic songstress in a more 'flattering' light."
Uncut,62,"The officially released version of Extraordinary Machine remains a decent-to-good album, one that showcases Apple's considerable vocal and key-pounding talents.... The shame of it all is that Apple, after six years of silence, could've made a more definitive, progressive statement rather than something familiar and similar-- and we've got the bootlegs to prove it."
Drawer B,50,"A rudderless piece of work."

The Guardian,83,"Foregrounding the self-doubt that was a quiet but insistent subtext on the eponymous album, producer John Shanks provides unobtrusive arrangements and lets Phair strum more electric guitar; this is a singer-songwriter record, like Exile On Guyville. Its also warmer than its predecessor."
Dot Music,80,"Another brazenly varried set. [Oct 2005, p.142]"
Q Magazine,70,"On Somebody's Miracle, Phair is more confident than on her previous mass-appeal bid, 2003's Liz Phair."
Mojo,67,"Phair sounds mostly bored. [7 Oct 2005, p.76]"
Spin,67,"Most tracks have a commercial sheen that makes the songs sound like they were custom-made to be played in the background of pivotal scenes on The O.C."
Prefix Magazine,67,"This album is closer to 1998's whitechocolatespaceegg: mature and complicated. [Oct 2005, p.136]"
New Musical Express (NME),63,"[It] isn't a miracle by a long shot, but the highlights show signs of a once-valuable artist trying to reset her creative compass. [2 Oct 2005]"
E! Online,60,"Pleasant but dull."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Phair doesn't need her angry-girl persona to prove she has talent, but she may still need it to stand out from the crowd."
Neumu.net,50,"While Somebody's Miracle marks an improvement over Liz Phair, there's still nothing revolutionary, or even memorable, happening here."
Pitchfork,50,"Somebodys Miracle is a collection of pleasantly catchy, if unremarkable, pop songs."
Stylus Magazine,50,"What's disappointing about Somebody's Miracle is not so much a matter of genre, tone or production sheen, but that Phair has made herself indistinguishable by falling in line. [#11, p.112]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"If she still manages to retain a major label recording contract after this bomb, that'll be the real miracle."
Blender,40,"On Somebody's Miracle, she goes for a folksy, acoustic style, but she still oversings, holding notes too long and tackling pop choruses she doesn't have half the voice for."
Village Voice,40,"The CD is not all bad, and it's certainly not the complete disaster some critics want it to be."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Even the few noteworthy moments are lost in the banality of the music. [15 Oct 2005]"
E! Online,20,"Now this is a terrible Liz Phair record."
Spin,10,"The type of banal, greeting-card rubbish that even Diane Warren would probably find trite."

Los Angeles Times,90,"An imposing act of pop interpretation. [3 Oct 2005]"
AllMusic,80,"Determinedly singing in her own accent was a wise move. [Oct 2005, p.110]"
Amazon.com,75,"Her icy-cool vocals nicely contrast with the island grooves. [7 Oct 2005, p.77]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Dynamite singing, a killer band, and wonderful material do a fine album make."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The concept works better than you might think. [3 Nov 2005, p.94]"
Under The Radar,70,"There's nothing particularly profound here, but the combination of skanking, roots-reggae rhythms and O'Connor's still-gorgeous voice... is a winning one. [Nov 2005, p.106]"
Slant Magazine,70,"[A] pleasant surprise of an album."
Rolling Stone,68,"At the end of the day, though, I'm a bit puzzled over why the world needed an album of Sinead O'Connor reggae covers."
PopMatters,60,"For [O'Connor] to record a full reggae set, covering each song exactly like the original, rivals Gus Van Sant's odd shot-for-shot remake of Hitchcock's Psycho. [Oct 2005, p.141]"
Billboard,60,"The most curious release of her career."
Pitchfork,60,"Sly and Robbie provide an adequate musical magic carpet for the singer to float on, but it fails to complement her as much as it should. [#11, p.108]"
Trouser Press,50,"An audacious but unsuccessful experiment. [Oct/Nov 2005, p.132]"
The New York Times,40,"You can't fault the songs, the playing or the voice, but these versions contribute little to the originals. [Oct 2005, p.117]"

Mojo,80,"Less polish and more attitude are welcome changes that fire up the rock numbers and give them more snap. [8 Oct 2005]"
Entertainment Weekly,75,"They're exploring a richer, more diverse sound. [28 Oct 2005, p.84]"
AllMusic,42,"All the Right Reasons doesn't so much pick up where 2003's The Long Road left off, but damn near replicates that album in whole."
Rolling Stone,40,"Despite all their newly developed relative nuances, Nickelback remain unchanged: they're still unspeakably awful."
Uncut,40,"All the Right Reasons is so depressing, you're almost glad Kurt's not around to hear it."
Billboard,40,"Like the rock equivalent of an SUV, All The Right Reasons is huge, polished and ultimately pointless. [Dec 2005, p.155]"
Pitchfork,40,"Fans of relentless riffing may be sated, anyone else will be left feeling a little awkward. [Dec 2005, p.98]"
Blender,10,"For hard-rock ridiculousness, Nickelback is tough to beat. [3 Oct 2005]"
The Guardian,10,"Like all Nickelback releases before it, All The Right Reasons was made for all the wrong ones and follows all the formulas and clichs you should be bored to death of by now."

Under The Radar,83,"Each track follows the Rage Against The Machine model: Make music for the masses without diluting it for the bosses. [Nov 2005, p.101]"
Paste Magazine,83,"The substantive quality of the political commentary found on Ahead of the Lions may not measure up to Rage Against the Machines most agitprop knee jerking, but theres no questioning the sentiment is clearly and loudly expressed with propulsive rhythms, radio-palatable hooks and real production values."
Q Magazine,80,"They prove that rock & roll as urgent, trashy, and fiery as the Stooges' first three albums, Back in Black, and Appetite for Destruction can actually be thoughtful articles of democracy and righteous rebellion."
Billboard,80,"Beneath their steel-wool guitar tone, the songs swing like a slammed door. [Nov 2005, p.137]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A punishing, accessible hard rock record, a marriage of the rock 'n' roll fetish of the MC5's Back in the U.S.A. with Nirvana's wicked decibel annihilation."
E! Online,80,"The first thing that hits you about the songs is their intelligent design, from the metallic-Cars echo of 'Bombs Below' to the son-of-Nirvana charge in 'On All Fours.' But without the hell-bent revolutionary zeal, Ahead of the Lions would sound like empty victory."
AllMusic,80,"Political agenda with raw AC/DC chords. [Dec 2005, p.105]"
Rolling Stone,67,"These Things sound a tad too generic for comfort. [14 Oct 2005, p.152]"
Q Magazine,58,"Fans of handclaps, who don't mind that Berlin sings as many lines about doing lines as he does protest lines, marching lines and battle lines, will have fun pretending to be epic along with these Velvet Ramones."
Mojo,30,"Ahead of the Lions is pure press-a-button-out-comes-album radio pap."
The New York Times,20,"The contemporary-grunge and vintage New York-punk nods packaged here are unthreatening; singer Lillian Berlin's vocals are forgettable; and his lyrics remain more stupid than socially aware. [Dec 2005, p.214]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"It all adds up to the sound of a band developing and maturing nicely, without ever losing sight of what made them so great in the first place."
Spin,100,"While the music is eclectic and teeming with exotic textures, it always feels coherent and easy to love, and might even earn the band a nomination as Britain's Best Pop Group."
Stylus Magazine,90,"They have never shown such control on a record before -- previously, their best albums were exciting because they went all over the place, and did it well -- and it's quite intoxicating to hear them ride one groove, finding different variations within it, for an entire album."
AllMusic,90,"Supergrass hasn't bothered with an unnatural, radical shift into experimental sounds and ideas; rather, they've simply recorded their fifth studio album. [#11, p.112]"
Blender,80,"A beginning to end enchanting and addictive album."
PopMatters,80,"This is a fine record, a real grower, but it also sees a group comfortably adrift. [Sep 2005, p.89]"
Rolling Stone,80,"All in all, another album of low-key brilliance. [Sep 2005, p.114]"
Urb,80,"Only odd detours like a Russian oompah instrumental break the rhythm of the album; Rouen is an otherwise textured and engaging disc. [Nov 2005, p.222]"
Entertainment Weekly,72,"Unfortunately, Supergrass doesn't really ever harness any of the momentum they create on individual songs to make a truly great LP."
Pitchfork,70,"'Road To Rouen' is the sound of a band at last hitting their stride, finding out who they are and sounding like it's finally making them happy."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Patchy, though when it's good (and nicked) it's very good."
Alternative Press,70,"Road to Rouen isn't entirely the stuff of rocking chairs and Sunday drives, but it is the first Supergrass record to champion an overall vibe over immediacy."
musicOMH.com,70,"Road to Rouen isn't going to blow away any fan new to Supergrass, nor is any old fan going to go ga-ga over what they're hearing, but it's good to know the band isn't sitting on their laurels fantasizing about killing their commercial appeal."
The Guardian,70,"Supergrass is shedding even more of its goofiness, but the music--while more straight-faced--still sounds energized as ever."
AllMusic,70,"The album is heavy on texture and short on shape."
Under The Radar,67,"[A] pensive disc. [Oct 2005, p.137]"
Dot Music,60,"An album of both phenomenal concentrated bits, as well as some disappointing gaps."
Mojo,60,"While the depth of the band's musicianship and production skills continues to impress, Road To Rouen feels emotionally blank. [Sep 2005, p.111]"
Uncut,50,"The last decade has bled the band dry of energy and verve meaning that where once these songs would have been pop classics, now theyre tastefully tuneful AOR."
Alternative Press,50,"Shows off the groups ability to transform into a neo-classic Brit-pop band, lush layers and dark undertones intact."
Pitchfork,40,"Rouen is all long jams and breezy acoustics, the telltale signs of a band that feels it's time to sober up. [#70, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),30,"It seems theyve not only gone and made that sensible and mature fifth album that every band past their sell-by date inflicts on their effervescently loyal fans, theyve actually made a record that would be more appropriate in an old folks home than your local indie niterie."

Playlouder,80,"Easily HIM's most accessible album to date."
PopMatters,80,"The songs are sturdier than ever, and they possess a sneaky sort of power. [10 Oct 2005]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A collection of irresistible pop-rock anthems. [Nov 2005, p.125]"
Paste Magazine,60,"A solid, if not wholly overwhelming album."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's refreshing to hear a band approach the form's familiar imagery from a place of romance, not cynicism. [Oct 2005, p.138]"
Spin,50,"An unremarkable, yet solid record."
Junkmedia,40,"The truth is that metal fans used to have a word for music like this, and that word is wimpy. [1 Oct 2005, p.45]"
Q Magazine,40,"Sisters Of Mercy fans will remain defiantly nonplussed. [Nov 2005, p.103]"
Stylus Magazine,25,"Listening to this disc sorta gives new meaning to the phrase virgin sacrifice. [Oct 2005, p.142]"
Prefix Magazine,25,"While the drop in adrenaline has left room for some good ideas, theyre not fleshed out well enough, and with the lack of a single flat-out rocker, theres nothing to get excited or exhilarated over."

Magnet,50,"Hefty Fine finds the Bloodhound Gang in a Catch-22 -- they've never wanted to be anything other than a dumb, silly hard rock band, but their shtick is getting tired, yet they're trapped by the confines of what they want to be."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Hefty Fine proves only marginally more welcome than a Jerky Boys reunion."
musicOMH.com,30,"The nu-metal and new wave sendups are too conventional to work as either comedy or music--and the nonstop woman-bashing becomes repugnant fast. [Nov 2005, p.131]"
The New York Times,20,"As if the lyrics (and the poop) weren't painful enough, the band actually makes us listen to music that, for the most part, amounts to cheap Blink 182 ripoff -- that is, if Blink 182 used more synthesizer and were (get this) less funny."
Q Magazine,10,"No, kids, it's not that scatological jokes aren't funny, just that these scatological jokes aren't funny."
Amazon.com,0,"There are already too many Bloodhound Gang albums in the world. This one should be recalled and recycled. Into something that's not a Bloodhound Gang album, obviously."

Blender,88,"Like an aesthetic and visceral run through the hhistory of these most miraculous of musical visionaries. [#17, p.102]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Call it an age thing, but Siberia makes total sense for where Echo and the Bunnymen stands 20 years on as a band."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Siberia finds Ian McCulloch and Will Sergeant reclaiming their original spirit."
Uncut,75,"This is not a return to formhow could it ever be? A band of this age have some many peaks and troughs in form as to render that kind of phraseology practically meaningless. Just as Porcupine should, just as Ocean Rain should, Siberia too should be taken in isolation."
Spin,72,"What keeps Siberia from being more of a snoozer is the fact that theres more Will Sargeant guitar to be found here than on any other recent Echo outings, and Heaven Up Here producer Hugh Jones returns to give the band whats arguably their fullest production values since 1984s Ocean Rain."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Even if it is a bit less adventurous, many of the tunes are right up there with anything the band has done."
AllMusic,70,"Siberia is... essentially a re-make of the Grey Album."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Bunnymen are just what they should be in 2005: a band comfortable with their own glorious legacy."
Blender,70,"Has much to recommend it. [Oct 2005, p.101]"
PopMatters,70,"A rich seam of quality courses through the 11 tracks. [Oct 2005, p.116]"
Billboard,70,"[Their] best effort since thier 1987 self-titled work. [#11, p.110]"
Playlouder,67,"Sergeant blows glittering guitar lines like glass, while McCulloch overflows the vase with black roses."
Filter,67,"If nothing else, Siberia proves McCulloch and Sergeant still have their songwriting craft in good working order, but it's hard to recommend an album on strength of craft alone-- it has to have a little verve, and unfortunately it's lacking."
AllMusic,50,"There's something disconcerting about Siberia's familiarity. [Dec 2005, p.111]"
The Guardian,40,"McCulloch's misplaced his mystique, and resembles a pub singer with an over-extended tab, while Sergeant's guitar lines settle lazily at long-drawn borders. [Oct 2005, p.94]"
Stylus Magazine,30,"The band is seeming lackluster and suffers from it."
cokemachineglow,30,"There's now something a bit crumbly, a bit rattly about E&TB. [17 Sep 2005, p.58]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Similar to 2001's dazzlingly slick Funk Odyssey, Dynamite reveals Kay as a dance floor eclectic, inclined to grab as much from Chic and Parliament as Kajagoogoo, The Police and Terry Callier."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Taut, and wired with determination. [Jul 2005, p.119]"
PopMatters,80,"Jay Kay sounds more vital and energized than he has in a few albums. [Sep 2005, p.108]"
Mojo,70,"'Dynamite' may be his most consistent long player yet, which is not to say there aren't some lows."
Q Magazine,70,"Another blast of super-slick soul. [Aug 2005, p.102]"
Under The Radar,70,"A welcome return of Jamiroquai's trademark blend of '80s funk and pop sensibilities - familiar, yet refreshingly different to so much of their current competition."
Austin Chronicle,60,"By track two... he has slipped back into the familiarity of sinuous guitar lines, fidgety beats and the cheesy language of international disco. [Jul 2005, p.110]"
Pitchfork,60,"Overlook the hazy underlying politicism... to enjoy a smooth, summery cocktail."
Paste Magazine,50,"An efficient and insistent hunk of modestly effective dancefloor candy. [Oct/Nov 2005, p.125]"
Uncut,42,"[Jay Kay's] blue-eyed disco funk has definitely had its highlights, but they're pretty hard to find here. [23 Sep 2005, p.90]"
Amazon.com,40,"The main reason it's so hard to embrace such likeable music is that it's blatantly transparent."
New Musical Express (NME),10,"[He] returns with exactly the same sound he's been torturing us with for years. [9 Jul 2005, p.58]"

AllMusic,100,"Finally, Coheed have made an album worthy of repeat listens, rather than a monster you skim through to hit the interesting parts. [Nov 2005, p.218]"
Q Magazine,83,"C&C's music factory comes across as a unique, modern perspective of both rock's past and present."
Urb,80,"[A] dense, inventive disc. [Oct 2005, p.134]"
Dot Music,70,"Conceptual plots aside, this is an album that finally lives up to the heavy metal promise and unapologetically delivers the goods with a full head of steam."
Uncut,70,"Insane, but in a good way. [Nov 2005, p.123]"
musicOMH.com,60,"While the overlong album sometimes threatens to bury C&C with its own excess, the craftsmanship suggests the band is more than capable of breaking into the mainstream. [24 Sep 2005]"
Mojo,60,"Next time, Coheed could do with less prog and more rock."
The Guardian,60,"Stupendously silly but... indisputably proficient. [Nov 2005, p.103]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Decent and decadent, Good Apollo is still ultimately the least of the bands 3 full lengths. It continues the bands tradition for experimentation, with melodies breaking through the chaos but it is less successful and equally disappointing with no new tricks."
Entertainment Weekly,58,"Bleak and despairing... gloomy and numbing. [23 Sep 2005, p.86]"

PopMatters,80,"Ten Thousand Fists does start to sound the same after a while. But those bloody zombies aren't going to stop pouring though the doorway, so it's a good thing it has at least 12 burly alt-metal rockers."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The best mainstream metal release since Judas Priest's Angel of Retribution."
Alternative Press,70,"The album isn't without its problemscome the halfway mark ('Sons of Plunder') vocalist David Draiman and his mates lapse into the expected, with a series of songs that are good but rarely as remarkable as those found in Act I."
E! Online,63,"There's some infectious stuff here that's sure to get the fists up and pumping, but on the whole the cadence isn't varied enough to keep them there. [9 Oct 2005]"
Blender,60,"[The songs'] unrelenting wallop, growling guitars and mock-operatic choruses tend to blur together even as they're kicking your ass. [Oct 2005, p.137]"
AllMusic,40,"It is hard to hear much difference between each cut. [24 Sep 2005]"
Q Magazine,10,"You'll find nothing more despicable this year. [17 Sep 2005, p.58]"

Billboard,82,"A marked improvement upon the blank and boring pop they pulled out of the Monkey House in 2003. [#17, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Whilst a complete reinvention of rock this may not be, a beautiful soaring record for messy nights and hungover Sundays, it most certainly is."
Uncut,80,"An album that playfully veers all over the place and leaves you feeling as heady and confused as a first time stoner."
Lost At Sea,80,"This is their best yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Gone from Odditorium Or Warlords Of Mars are the long periods of monotony that turned Welcome To The Monkey House and The Dandy Warhols Come Down into sonic quicksand. Instead, when the Dandies come to forks in the road, their arrangements wander off into uncharted territory thats worth exploring."
AllMusic,80,"Brims with indulgent, bleary-eyed rock 'n' roll. [Oct/Nov 2005, p.129]"
Village Voice,80,"Recalls the blow-out blues of Beggars Banquet, a record not so much made for reveling as it is for the next-day hangover. [#69, p.95]"
Amazon.com,66,"Odditorium contains the best and worst aspects of the Dandy Warhols."
Los Angeles Times,65,"Odditorium has at least a handful of solid tracks."
Blender,60,"Something this indulgent could only be a labor of love, but even die-hard Dandy Warhols fans might find embracing this album to be too much work."
Billboard,60,"Though it at first struggles to find its legs, Odditorium is as satisfying as anything the band's ever done. [#10, p.106]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"There's two ways for the devout Dandys fan to approach 'Odditorium...' . 1) it's their 'Kid A', a brave blunder into a new creed of experimentation into which they will hopefully one day re-work The Tunes. Or 2) what they really wanted to make was a week-long jazz opus played entirely on dying cats, but the record company made them put some proper songs on it."
Filter,60,"Odditorium buries its subtle hooks deep with endless, shape-shifting jams. [Oct 2005, p.136]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Any ad creatives hoping for mobile phone campaign music will be disappointed. [Oct 2005, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Mostly, the sound of The Dandy Warhols spreading their wings suits them. [Oct 2005, p.115]"
The Guardian,60,"A murky return to the denim'n'leather heartlands of 2000's Thirteen Tales. [Oct 2005, p.96]"
Lost At Sea,58,"We'd rather watch the Dandys than listen to 'em."
Paste Magazine,58,"Odditorium... is a chance to repair their cred, and insofar as they have any, they do all right. [Sep 2005, p.102]"
Magnet,50,"There are no formulas here, and that's a good thing, but one can't help but feel the lack of focus and discrimination it took to put together Odditorium or Warlords of Mars."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"An aptly-named collection that will have even foul-weather fans scratching their heads as to where the pop has gone."
cokemachineglow,30,"So off-putting as to alienate the band's fanbase."
AllMusic,30,"Basically, Odditorium sounds like a giant 'fuck you' to [their] record label. [Nov 2005, p.218]"
Under The Radar,20,"Whether it's a fuck-you to fans who scoffed at 2003's synth-poppy Welcome to the Monkey House or a vindictive fulfillment of their contractual obligation to Capitol Records, this crap smells bad any way you sniff it."
New Musical Express (NME),12,"Only the truly earless would mistake this assortment of bloated in-jokes and interminable, sub-song drones for some kind of masterpiece."

Blender,100,"As good as anything out there. [Nov 2005, p.220]"
Mojo,90,"An impressive 13-song set that's reliably original and streamlined."
Q Magazine,80,"If Avril Lavigne dealt with her 'issues' by adding whiskey to her skinny latt, bummed about on a Californian beach at sunset and listened to The Go-Gos, this is what she'd sound-like."
Uncut,80,"A slow-burning cracker. [Apr 2006, p.101]"
E! Online,80,"As lovelorn and jaded as it is unshakeable. [Apr 2006, p.116]"
Spin,75,"Has an endearing, well, likability. [23 Sep 2005, p.91]"
PopMatters,70,"Occupies that small overlapping space between breezy commercial craft and alt-rock subversion."
Dot Music,70,"Surprisingly sophisticated for a collection of shouty-pouty ballads from a trio of 20-year-olds. [Dec 2005, p.98]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The songs fail to insinuate themselves melodically, rising into choruses that are merely workmanlike rather than hooky. [Dec 2005, p.114]"
Alternative Press,70,"Z's leaden voice is what really makes The Like stand out."
Rolling Stone,70,"This is an album that you'll like rather than actually love."
Pitchfork,70,"An understated, often truly lovely debut. [Apr 2006, p.106]"
Alternative Press,68,"It's all terribly charming. Too bad lyrics are straight from soporific bio class margin-notes."
AllMusic,60,"Too much of The Like's personality is borrowed, but it is, nonetheless, a personality."
Dot Music,60,"They offer the mostly appealing prospect of Saint Etienne's Sarah Cracknell fronting the Buzzcocks."
Mojo,60,"The album's highlights far outweigh the more average moments, and there are enough signs here that The Like are going to be around for some time to come."
Q Magazine,50,"Although this balmy, Britpoppy full-length debut offers nothing essential, it's nonetheless loaded with melodically persuasive radio-friendly songs. [#11, p.115]"

Entertainment Weekly,83,"Its certainly another step forwards and upwards for one of our only real musically emotional geniuses."
Rolling Stone,80,"Though Drawing Restraint 9 is more expansive and abstract than Medlla, it's in a similarly challenging and rewarding vein."
Urb,80,"This isn't always an easy record - it demands stillness and patience from the listener, but it is never less than fascinating and frequently breathtakingly beautiful."
Paste Magazine,80,"Bjork's vocals are a hypnotic midnight whisper, a continuation of Medulla's vocal layering techniques. [Sep 2005, p.117]"
Playlouder,80,"An album that's inspiring in its ambition."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"In this cultural moment where a soundtracks artistic credibility is measured by its ability to piggyback on the brilliance of James Mercers chord changes and/or Sam Beams whispery poeticism, Bjrk graciously peels back the firmament and reminds us that a good soundtrack bears the same responsibility as good cinema: to show us possibilities our dreaming minds couldnt stitch together."
Uncut,75,"Unmistakably alluring. [2 Sep 2005, p.81]"
Pitchfork,70,"Anyone expecting something akin to a new Bjrk studio recording may not enjoy 'Drawing Restraint 9,' but taken at face value, the disc is a rewarding sidestep. [27 Aug 2005]"
The A.V. Club,70,"A couple of really cool parts, and the rest I don't feel so bad for forgetting."
The Guardian,70,"Beauty comes in all forms, even if it might be over our heads. [Oct 2005, p.76]"
musicOMH.com,64,"Bjrks biggest drawback, then, is that while Holographic Entrypoint is an enlightening rarity, most of Bjrks fans will find it boring. Very, very boring."
Under The Radar,60,"Uneven but exceptionally inventive. [Sep 2005, p.92]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Haunting as the results may be, they are distinctly lacking in Bjork's own musical personality and her greatest asset: her inimitable voice. [8 Sep 2005, p.112]"
AllMusic,46,"What the crap is this? [#17, p.94]"
The Guardian,40,"The sad thing is, even at her most mainstream, Bjork's always been truly artful, but, in this case, she's merely painted a vulgar picture."
Uncut,20,"Children moan, accordions groan and Bjork's disembodied voice occasionally growls into earshot. [Sep 2005, p.114]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Where 'The Remote Part' was their 'Green'-esque lunge into the spotlight, 'Warnings/Promises' is their full-blwon 'Out Of Time' spectacular. But with less twangle, more teeth. [5 Mar 2005, p.50]"
Paste Magazine,74,"Idlewild may still be figuring out exactly how to juggle its conflicting elements, but there are more than enough truly bright spots on Warnings/Promises to remind the listener of what the band is capable of when it fires on all cylinders -- and even when it doesn't."
Entertainment Weekly,72,"They've arrived at a more basic and touching--at times sleep-inducing--music that lingers for better and for worse. [#16, p.89]"
Billboard,70,"Woombles lyrics, while literate, are never quite as clever as his supporters would like to believe."
Pitchfork,70,"Warnings / Promises is the work of a band pushing itself to the limits of its generous, but ultimately not boundless musical ability."
Urb,70,"[An] album of considerable grace and poise. [Apr 2005, p.116]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Warnings/Promises establishes Idlewild as a very good band, but also indicates that it probably won't ever be a great one."
Mojo,70,"Warnings/Promises is even better [than The Remote Part], a set of hopeless love songs for sad-eyed city girls."
Rolling Stone,70,"Sounding like mid-period R.E.M. isn't the noblest of ambitions, but it somehow seems to work. [#69, p.98]"
Filter,62,"Songwriting chemistry is a tricky thing, and while having two or three competing voices can push writers to new heights, a group of five here leads to songs that are merely passable."
Playlouder,60,"There are times when their admiration for R.E.M. burns a little too brightly... but overall this marks another step forward. [Mar 2005, p.100]"
Q Magazine,60,"A slightly awkward composite of the band's old strengths and a flurry of new ideas."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Warnings/Promises was written on acoustic guitar and fleshed out in the studiio--a tactic that bears mixed results. [Apr 2005, p.97]"
ShakingThrough.net,60,"At its best, the new album is as beguiling as Teenage Fanclub's recent effort Man-Made. At its worst, it's as turgid as R.E.M.'s most recent snoozer."
Filter,55,"The problem with Warnings/Promises is the material: the band failed to bring enough good song ideas with them when they went into the studio."
Dot Music,50,"It has one pace, and that pace is mature."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Idlewild undeniably sound like a once-great band helplessly slipping into their confusing middle years. [Sep 2005, p.164]"
Q Magazine,50,"Rarely gets its head above water. [#11, p.112]"
The A.V. Club,42,"Even when the songs work (rarely), the band doesnt; even when the lyrics work (read: never), the music doesnt; even when guitars arent processed to sound like a cat in a dishwasher, the riffs suck."
Rolling Stone,40,"Idlewild has become predictable and boring."

Magnet,84,"Who else but Madness could pull off covers of the Supremes and the Kinks on the same record? [#17, p.94]"
Pitchfork,75,"Sessions is loose and fun and, while not blazing any trails, it doesn't sound like a bad karaoke night either."
Mojo,75,"A dandy little party record. [19 Aug 2005, p.143]"
The Guardian,70,"Many of these songs are a delight to listen to; most could easily be a single."
Uncut,70,"Even as a covers band, Madness remain one step beyond. [Aug 2005, p.90]"
PopMatters,70,"It shows the old ska formula to be an unimprovable invention. [Sep 2005, p.135]"
Neumu.net,60,"Whilst back then they bounced along with cheekiness and zeal, now they seem to be trying to continue the reggae-meets-Brit-suburbia Nutty blueprint but end up falling flat in too many places."
Stylus Magazine,60,"If you dance easily at weddings then this album is very good news. [Aug 2005, p.129]"
Alternative Press,60,"With a few notable exceptions... inspiration is just what this album lacks."
Under The Radar,60,"All done in their trademark chirpy Camden ska way. [30 Jul 2005, p.49]"
cokemachineglow,60,"All the songs bop along at about the same pace, all interpreted in the same rocksteady style, and this makes the proceedings a bit wearisome towards the end."
Prefix Magazine,50,"This nostalgic trip back to their roots makes modestly agreeable listening, though the translation from raucous pub to sober recording studio has squeezed out much of the combo's spontaneous lunacy."
Filter,40,"If you didn't know what the band have been capable of, this would be good enough. [Aug 2005, p.94]"

E! Online,60,"There are no missteps on the album, and the group's faithful will have plenty to rock with. But Don't Tread on Me still feels like one to grow on instead of one to remember."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Every song is tightly wound and well-produced, even as the overall feel is lighter than previous 311 efforts, save a couple of ill-advised ventures into social consciousness and hard rock."
musicOMH.com,50,"Fans of albums such as 2001s  From Chaos and 2003s promising Evolver will likely find Tread familiar and perhaps even comforting, but its unlikely to invite a new horde of fans as the album often sounds like an imitation of the bands 311 helped inspire in its decade-plus career."
Uncut,50,"It's business as usual."
Blender,50,"Intermittently catchy numbers help a bit, but not enough to counter the overwhelming aura of by-the-numbers blandness. [19 Aug 2005, p.143]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Things start out strong... [But] the rest of the material is basically an easy-listening version of the band, with vocals weak enough to be distracting and an over-reliance on multilayered, kitchen sink production. [20 Aug 2005]"
Q Magazine,40,"Barely breaks a sweat as it revisits the lukewarm metal riffs, barely passable rapping and sunny Caribbean choruses of [their] previous seven studio albums. [Oct 2005, p.145]"
Billboard,40,"Instead of seeming angry or inspired, 311 just end up sounding like the pop world has passed them by."

New Musical Express (NME),75,"Their self-seriousness comes with a melodic tenderness that's rare in the genre. [12 Aug 2005, p.77]"
PopMatters,60,"The real problem is sounding like Alice In Chains; afloat without a genre, the gang too often turn their emotional intelligence to making kinda dark, vaguely artistic middle metal. [Sep 2005, p.138]"
The Guardian,60,"The mostly mid-tempo songs plod along, usually turning to a screeching lead guitar over chunky chording to differentiate the choruses."
Mojo,50,"Chapter V is merely a carbon copy of, uh, chapters I-IV, simply rehashing the same punishing riffs and self-pitying lyrics."
AllMusic,50,"The acoustic guitars have largely been set aside on Chapter V, leaving Staind to pummel away at its troubles and hoping that people still have time to listen to self-pitying grown men moan about their dysfunctional childhoods."
PopMatters,40,"It's when Staind crank down the sludge and slacken the tempos that things get heavy in a bad way. [11 Aug 2005, p.72]"
Amazon.com,40,"Beyond a few faster songs ('Paper Jesus,' 'Falling'), the album gets lost in its own blandness. [13 Aug 2005]"
E! Online,40,"Overall there's just too much bland corporate sludge rock here to make any geniune lasting impression."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"How can this dork-metal silliness still be going on in 2005?"
Billboard,30,"More over-produced introspection. [6 Aug 2005, p.56]"

Blender,90,"It's a bracing and welcome return to form for an important artist."
Rolling Stone,90,"Okemah is heady stuff, to be sure, but it's also one of the year's best straight-up rock albums."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"A stunning return to form."
Blender,80,"While Okemah is clearly driven by Farrar's vision, it suitably develops Son Volt's sound, bringing it clearly into the mid-2000s while giving a nod toward the influences of bygone days that have always been a factor in Son Volt's alt-country tendencies."
AllMusic,80,"Even when his overintellectualized lyrics smear into a palette of industrial gray, the guitars provide a strong human heartbeat."
E! Online,75,"Farrar's perfectly ramshackle voice still delivers his oblique lyrics, but now it's backed by a tighter, revamped lineup. [15 Jul 2005, p.71]"
Amazon.com,74,"Despite taking few chances thematically or musically, the reincarnated Son Volt delivers a tight, nothing-wasted set."
Rolling Stone,70,"Okemah and the Melody of Riot is an intelligent, aggressive album that acts as a sorely needed kick in the ass to the entire Americana/alt.country genre."
Billboard,70,"Farrar has the passion to carry the songs beyond any hackneyed themes. [6 Aug 2005, p.56]"
musicOMH.com,70,"When not so buried in dank sonics, Farrar's familiar songwriting drawl feels more crisp and lively; being able to hear the record's engaging pop hooks is a revelation. On the other hand, this newfound production clarity reveals that Farrar might be running out of ideas."
The Guardian,68,"As the album progresses... Farrar's lyrics become increasingly stilted and veiled, reverting to the forced wordplay and disconnected evocations of his most obscure songs. In the past, this tendency toward purple opacity could be excused, but on Okemah it hinders Farrar considerably."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"If the sound that the original Son Volt line-up cultivated began to feel oppressing for Farrar, its clear on Okemah And The Melody of Riot that a return in part to that sound has been good for his musical soul."
AllMusic,63,"After a few songs, the formula wears thin -- it's just too plain-spoken and familiar. [10 Jul 2005]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The band's underlying, stubborn seriousness, and nearly Amish unwillingness to change, creates its appeal. [11 Jul 2005]"
Trouser Press,60,"Okemah replaces Farrar's indulgence with a gently rocking back-porch feel. [28 Jul 2005, p.82]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"For every inspired turn, there's an insubstantial one, while some merely appear sluggish. [Aug 2005, p.96]"
The A.V. Club,60,"By focusing on the temporal, he reduces himself to simple protest music rather than timeless folk. [Aug 2005, p.104]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"He's never tried so actively to fuse prescriptive politics into [the] mix, and the move feels suspect. [Aug 2005, p.115]"

ShakingThrough.net,83,"Essential listening, especially for those who only know 'Stacy's Mom.' [15 Jul 2005, p.73]"
PopMatters,83,"All of the bands calling cards are presenttheyre just scribbled down on the back of a phone bill, rather than printed out professionally then laminated."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"[The] consistent quality belies any notion of the extraneous."
Lost At Sea,80,"The songs change, but the sensibility remains the same, more or less: plaintive to mopey, clever to smartass, and back again. [Jul 2005, p.118]"
Pitchfork,70,"Establishes both how hard it is to turn out material worthy of Utopia Parkway and Welcome Interstate Managers and how often Chris Collingwood and Adam Schlesinger come close."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Songwriters Adam Schlesinger and Chris Collingwood's fecund melodic gifts make even odds-and-sods piffle such as 'I Want an Alien for Christmas' worth hearing more than once."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Many of FoW's reserves outclass others' first team. [Aug 2005, p.115]"
The New York Times,70,"There's... plenty for the merely curious to enjoy. [Aug 2005, p.142]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Barring a few notable exceptions, these are the songs that either werent good enough or didnt fit into any of the New Jersey-based groups proper releases."
Uncut,60,"Out-of-State Plates is a ragged collection of hits and misses that will satisfy FOW completists, while being of intermittent interest to recent converts or general power pop fans."
Mojo,60,"A mixed bag of pure-pop lyricism and throwaway covers."
Blender,60,"We know in their perfect pop moments, Fountains of Wayne can be inspiring, but Out-of-State Plates proves that in imperfection, they can wear even the most admiring fans out."
Entertainment Weekly,59,"If Out-of-State Plates is about as revelatory as your typical garage sale, it's not because these are necessarily bad songs (except for their lamentable cover of '...Baby One More Time')-- it's just that most of them seem somehow defective, one element overpower-popping the others."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Some of it is pretty good."

Amazon.com,100,"Some of the most engaging music of his career. [Aug 2005, p.172]"
Blender,80,"The unthinkable has been achieved: a Billy Corgan album for anyone who always hated Billy Corgan."
Village Voice,75,"There's a moment or two of alarm and urgency, but less of the rage that colored the Pumpkins' music. In its place, Corgan summons a liturgical grandeur that makes this an almost religious embrace. [19 Jun 2005]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Corgan allows a surprisingly vulnerable side to appear. [Jul 2005, p.96]"
Uncut,70,"The thing that's not missing here is songs. [18 Jun 2005]"
Q Magazine,70,"If you like Billy Corgan for his knack of writing a radio-friendly song with a heavy dose of angst, then you may not enjoy TheFutureEmbrace. Yet give the man credit for moving on and signalling a clear break with his past."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"TheFutureEmbrace is a bit colder than what's expected of Corgan, especially after Zwan's celebratory Mary Star Of The Sea, and it goes without saying that he's handed in his trendsetter badge. But the fact remains that he's a pop showman, and regardless of the vehicle, he's going to continue writing transcendent sing-along rock songs from the heart."
AllMusic,70,"While the lyrics are more introspective and the music more electronic than what we've come to expect from the Pumpkins or his most recent project, Zwan, thankfully Corgan's distinctive vocals and grungy guitar riffs are ubiquitous."
Billboard,64,"So, forgive Corgan his infinite lyrical badness, but know that infinity's a lot to forgive."
Lost At Sea,60,"There's nothing as heroic as Smashing Pumpkins' Tonight Tonight, but Now (And Then) is a surprisingly successful attempt at emotion. [Jul 2005, p.113]"
Pitchfork,60,"Corgan is slowly swamped by the style he's adopted."
PopMatters,60,"Musically, it's closest to Adore, yet it's a distant cousin: if that album hinted at '80s synth rock and goth, this re-creates the spirit and sound of 1986, right down to the robotic pulse of the rhythms, the cold, slick surface of the production, and the brooding, self-absorbed atmosphere."
Alternative Press,58,"What The Future Embrace lacks in terms of consistency, it makes up for with the feeling that Corgan has turned a corner, that his return to musical credibility is well underway, and isnt nearly as inconceivable as it was one year ago."
The Guardian,55,"The gear is buffed to such a productional sheen that its every sound seems like a reflective surface, the compositional complexity leading to an album as confusing -- and, ultimately, distancing -- as a hall of mirrors."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Future mostly sounds like a bunch of so-so Smashing Pumpkins songs, stripped of everything except Corgan's adenoidal vocals, and then set to a chorus of synths and electronic drumbeats."
Mojo,50,"Only on the more solid 'rock' tracks does he get it right. [#10, p.109]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"For the most part, the vitality is gone."
musicOMH.com,42,"Flim-flammy beats, tinny guitars, and Corgan's nasal moan predominate as he mopes like it's 1984 and his mom forgot to renew his Sisters of Mercy fanclub membership. [24 Jun 2005, p.164]"
The A.V. Club,40,"It sounds like Corgan wanted to make a classic eighties 4AD-style shoegazing record, but instead of offering us something swirling and beautiful, we end up with an experience that is simply flat and grey."
Billboard,40,"Not hopeless, but hopelessly self-indulgent. [Jul 2005, p.94]"
Pitchfork,40,"We're left with the immutable Corgan sans ambition: his narrow whine, melodies not quite predictable but dull anyway and a misty worldview with collegiate airs. [Jul 2005, p.116]"
Q Magazine,30,"It's not that any of the songs are horrible; it's just that they are so shamelessly middle-of-the-road that you become sickened by the ambivalence that they instill."
Dot Music,30,"Corgan does his level best to make the whole affair as joyless as possible."
AllMusic,30,"The tragedy here is not that this is a mid-nineties retread, though, as much as Corgans songwriting is Machina level unmemorable."

Stylus Magazine,90,"[A] well-programmed compilation. [Jun 2005, p.79]"
Neumu.net,70,"All in all it's as essential a piece of O'Connor's history as anything in her catalog."
Rolling Stone,60,"What's disappointing is how evenly-tempoed and sedate the pace is. [Jun 2005, p.95]"
Under The Radar,60,"Collaborations is a reasonably diverse batch of songs -- nearly all of them enjoyable, and some of them quite inspired."
E! Online,40,"O'Connor's lack of subtlety eventually grows tiring."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"Haunted Cities has more of a street-smarts vibe and is actually more listenable [than their debut]."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The whole package ends up having this strangely alluring glimmer. It's like discovering California Babylon after being lost in suburbia."
Uncut,80,"More tuneful and less experimental than their debut. [Aug 2005, p.113]"
Blender,70,"Cities is less songful than its predecessor, but on propulsive winners such as the flamenco-flavored 'Crash and Burn,' Armstrong's snaggletoothed choruses make for a soulful counterpoint to his mates' soused swagger."
PopMatters,60,"It's a sometimes bleak record, but one that shows that Armstrong and his cohorts are not satisfied by taking the easy route."
Village Voice,58,"Think of them as a slightly above-average combo of the Clash, Fun Lovin' Criminals, and some snotty band from the burbs. [24 Jun 2005, p.164]"
cokemachineglow,50,"Transplants make a splattery mess of modern music as often as they stumble over something new and exciting."
Urb,42,"A big confused mess."
AllMusic,40,"As if the macho posturing wasn't bad enough, 'Haunted Cities' is also a mess musically. [2 Jul 2005, p.64]"
Mojo,40,"Their 2002 debut was a surprising success, but Haunted Cities struggles to repeat the trick. [Sep 2005, p.100]"
PopMatters,25,"While Transplants' self-titled debut caught the trio at that moment when the third-beer buzz kicks in... the new record seems to have picked up several pints and bong hits later, when shit starts to get grisly. [Aug 2005, p.96]"

Splendid,91,"Arguably the year's first great hot-weather record. [24 Jun 2005, p.161]"
E! Online,88,"Loud, anthemic, joyous and bitter, it's easily the best Foo Fighters album in a decade. [12 Jun 2005]"
AllMusic,83,"The first half is instantly familiar, throwing up the same flurry of guitars and post-grunge drudge the Foos have been hammering home for years. The more laid-back stuff is... charming and warm."
Blender,83,"Both these records chronicle the physical and mental graffiti of figuring out how to emerge from some very large shadows, including his own, with nerve and power. [Jul 2005, p.96]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The most accomplished work of Grohl's post-Nirvana career. [Aug 2005, p.174]"
musicOMH.com,80,"By stretching out, the Foo Fighters not only have expanded their sound, but they've found the core of why their music works, so they now have better songs and deliver them more effectively."
Entertainment Weekly,74,"If you buy In Your Honor and toss out the second half, you'll own the band's best record since The Colour and the Shape. [#16, p.88]"
The A.V. Club,70,"The rock CD overpowers the acoustic one. Yet among the quieter songs, there are enough supple melodies and hypnotic guitar patterns to suggest fine prospects for a follow-through album that would dare to mix plugged-in and unplugged. [12 Jun 2005]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"It is clean, polished rock with a vaguely punk edge that stays within a clear set of boundaries but in doing so manages to appeal to indie-kids and metal-lovers alike."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Feels a bit like your bedroom partner trying on all kinds of flash costumes and gadgets to try and excite you, and the realisation that it wasnt really necessary and they wouldnt have had to bother had you just shown them a little more love in the first place."
Uncut,70,"The rock was catchy, but its the slow stuff that flips you on your axis with its depth."
Spin,70,"Unquestionably the work of a band with ambitions rekindled. [Jul 2005, p.92]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It is not the Foo's finest moment, but for all its flaws and flab, this meandering record may just become one we all learn to love."
Los Angeles Times,70,"This is by far their most realized and balanced attack. [#10, p.111]"
E! Online,68,"In Your Honor, like most Foo Fighters records, is sterile and controlled; there is never any threat of dissolution."
Spin,60,"Ten tracks of this kind of thing [on the acoustic disc] is pushing Grohl's ability as a Damien Rice, but it makes a neat complement to the first disc, and together they're pleasantly chewy."
Alternative Press,60,"In Your Honor's acoustic half reveals Dave Grohl's songwriting shortcomings."
AllMusic,60,"Let's face it: Foo Fighters are dull. [Jul 2005, p.117]"
Filter,60,"Lurking somewhere in its spotty 80+ minutes lies an excellent 40 minute album, one of the best the Foos have ever done. As is, though, with its heaps of filler, dated production and needless segregation of rockers from ballads, it may actually be their weakest."
The New York Times,60,"Some of Grohl's lyrical shortcomings become exposed: The sameness and vagueness of his love lyrics blunt their impact."
musicOMH.com,60,"[Disc 1] is impressive stuff--the sound of a muse regained. Pity the acoustic disc is nowhere near as good. [Jul 2005, p.109]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"In Your Honor has some great tunes, but it is by no means perfect."
Prefix Magazine,60,"[Disc 1] is grunge-punk-metal boiled down to mere energy -- and calories don't rock. [Jul 2005, p.102]"
Uncut,50,"One can't help but think that by scaling back their ambitions, the Foos could have made one great album instead of two average ones."
Dot Music,40,"Sure, the Foos are excellent at what they do. Its just unfortunate that what they do is so unavoidably mediocre."
Under The Radar,40,"'In Your Honour' is as rancid and moribund and as redundant of ideas as it is possible to be."

Pitchfork,100,"[Coldplay] have made their masterpiece. [Jun 2005, p.112]"
The Guardian,100,"Some may call it repetitious, but with songs so beautifully crafted, everyone should agree that X&Y equals A."
The A.V. Club,100,"This is not easy listening; on the contrary, it requires a real commitment from the listener. But its a commitment thatll be amply rewarded."
Blender,100,"A substantially more visceral and emotionally rewarding experience than both its predecessors. [Jul 2005, p.106]"
cokemachineglow,90,"Confident, bold, ambitious, bunged with singles and impossible to contain, X&Y doesnt reinvent the wheel but it does reinforce Coldplay as the band of their time."
Rolling Stone,90,"Make no mistake, X&Y is an exceptional pop record. [Jul 2005, p.98]"
Q Magazine,83,"By ratcheting up their guitars and still singing about everyday themes, Coldplay are recasting their nerdy-student Britpop as Important Rock Music without sacrificing the homespun vibe that allowed Martin's fans to believe that he wrote a song for each one of them and called it 'Yellow.' [Jun 2005, p.99]"
PopMatters,80,"But for as impeccable as X&Y is -- and, make no mistake, it's a good record, crisp, professional, and assured, a sonically satisfying sequel to A Rush of Blood to the Head -- it does reveal that Martin's solipsism is a dead-end, diminishing the stature of the band."
Mojo,80,"Unusually accomplished, fresh, and emotional."
Billboard,75,"They're clearly trying very hard to grow, but sometimes all they have to show for it are tracks that require road maps. [17 June 2005, p.77]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"Precise, bland, and banal, their sensitivity emotionless and their musicality never surprising, they're the definition of a pleasant bore--easy to tune out, impossible to care for."
Playlouder,70,"For every moment of adventurousness, however, there's a dose of the Same Old Stuff."
Blender,70,"People will fall in love to this music, and Coldplay knows it."
E! Online,70,"'X & Y' is easily Coldplay's most consistent album, albeit one that operates within restrictive boundaries of creativity."
Paste Magazine,70,"Its an expansive and stupendously produced record with a handful of remarkable songs."
Q Magazine,67,"The basic songwriting on show here is essentially the same as ever; mid-paced, desperately sincere and earnestly simple, decorated with piano and passionless falsetto, only now with more detours into maximalist, synth-soaked modern rock epics cut from the same cloth as Clocks."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"It's a definite step backward from the passionate and substantial Rush of Blood toward the less mature Parachutes, somehow lacking something bigger."
Uncut,66,"For the most part, the album's money shots -- the singsong guitar of 'The Hardest Part,' the eerie U2 evocations in the assured chorus of 'White Shadows' -- are fleeting, strung together by unremarkable verses and remarkably generic lyrical sentiments."
Spin,60,"They have chosen to opt for the standard formula: it's elegiac, mid-tempo, stadium-friendly ballads all the way."
AllMusic,60,"Your level of interest in their music probably correlates with your willingness to be bored."
Village Voice,60,"A surprising number of songs here just never take flight."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"X&Y is far from experimental, but it nonetheless showcases a band demonstrating distinctive signs of evolution."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),60,"Too much here sounds like Coldplay-by-numbers, and the lyrics lack the deeper meaning the album seems desperate to provide."
PopMatters,60,"Only three songs really, truly deliver."
Prefix Magazine,60,"X&Y is awash with cliches, non-sequiturs, and cheap existentialism; at times it all becomes nigh on unbearable. [Jul 2005, p.97]"
Dot Music,60,"X&Y is well crafted and enjoyable, but its bloodless and distant. It feels manufactured, a piece of product in the march to become the Biggest Band in the World."
Drawer B,53,"At least 45 of X&Ys 63 minutes finds Coldplay overdosing on pointless synthesizers in the name of expanding their sound while forgetting to write anything reflecting a decent hook."
Stylus Magazine,50,"There is no doubt [Martin] has talent, but there are just too many retreads, too many regurgitated ideas, and no fire, no raw anger, no big hairy bollocks."
Austin Chronicle,49,"Like Coldplay's two previous albums, only more so, X&Y is bland but never offensive, listenable but not memorable."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"Not great, a few catchy moments, certainly not god-awful, but just bland enough that after three listens, all life is drained from it."
The Guardian,40,"X & Y is uninspired adult pop that drops jaws only in its capacity to elicit yawns."
New York Magazine (Vulture),40,"Monochromatic and underwhelming. [#10, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,20,"When he moans his verses, Mr. Martin can sound so sorry for himself that there's hardly room to sympathize for him, and when he's not mixing metaphors, he fearlessly slings clichs."

musicOMH.com,91,"Leanness and vitality have replaced the cokey bloat of their last few studio trips. [Jun 2005, p.103]"
Billboard,90,"It's confident, muscular, uncluttered, tight, and tuneful in a way Oasis haven't been since Morning Glory."
The A.V. Club,86,"The most immediate tunes are undoubtedly the headbobbing rockers, but it's when Oasis stretch themselves that they are at their most interesting. [#15, p.91]"
Mojo,80,"The Gallaghers sound more comfortable than ever in their skins. [Jun 2005, p.102]"
Trouser Press,80,"Their best in almost a decade. [Jun 2005, p.100]"
cokemachineglow,80,"It is, in fact, what almost every other Oasis album has been: Not nearly as bad as overhyped sufferers might fear, not nearly as good as its enthusiasts want it to be."
Playlouder,80,"Don't Believe The Truth strips away the layered excess of albums like 1997's Be Here Now to revisit the streamlined pomposity of the group's earliest discs. [Jul 2005, p.182]"
Pitchfork,70,"Yes, the rumors are true: Oasis has--for the first time in a decade--made an album worth hearing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It's the first Oasis album in years that doesn't sound like pale self-imitation. [2 Jun 2005, p.70]"
Lost At Sea,70,"Better than the first two? Course not. Better than the last three? Definitely."
Under The Radar,70,"For a few glorious moments, our beloved Mancs have that swagger back."
The New York Times,67,"It lacks the raw energy and tunes that made people want to hum uncontrollably in the shower. Worse yet, the brazen confidence the Gallagher brothers displayed during the early years has faded."
Spin,67,"Sure, for 11 songs, these blokes can grind out toe-tapping Britpop, but there are no heart-pounding anthems here. [10 Jun 2005, p.107]"
AllMusic,60,"Half good and never outstanding. [#10, p.113]"
Filter,60,"Noel Gallagher has even less to say than he used to. [Jun 2005, p.112]"
Q Magazine,60,"Don't Believe the Truth might be the best Oasis album in eight years, but that doesn't mean you won't be shaking your head in incredulity from time to time."
Mojo,60,"Let's not get overexcited - it's no masterpiece - but this is the first Oasis album in a decade to suggest that they have a future rather than just a huge, asphyxiating past."
Neumu.net,60,"Oasis has given us another album chock-full of jangley Brit-pop numbers and stadium-rockers, and the result is a formulaic rock record."
Alternative Press,60,"As musically competent and beautifully-produced as this record undeniably is, strip the vocals and you'd be hard-pushed to identify it as being an Oasis album or enjoy it accordingly."
The A.V. Club,60,"There's certainly nothing here that'll match 'Wonderwall' or 'Live Forever' for pub karaoke ubiquity, but with this record Oasis are at least tentatively stretching themselves in new directions. [28 May 2005, p.61]"
Rolling Stone,47,"There are a lot of reasons this album doesn't gel, not least that Liam Gallagher now sounds like a singing anti-smoking campaign, and the brash, snotty arrogance that once sold 'Cigarettes and Alcohol' and 'Champagne Supernova' is crushed out by his gruffness."
musicOMH.com,42,"Dont Believe The Truth is simply Oasis being Oasis with maximum efficiency. Which is to say that if youre a committed acolyte of the church of Oasis, youll love it."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"The lack of urgency makes it feel like we're eavesdropping on a well-heeled Britpop Survivors Group rather than the site of fresh rock'n'roll alchemy. [Jun 2005, p.98]"
E! Online,35,"Dont Believe the Truth... probably isnt Oasis nadir (that distinction arguably being due to 2002s atrocious Heathen Chemistry), but one could be fooled for thinking so."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"In the end, it's Oasis's attempts to capture former pinnacles, from trying to re-create the simple sunny-side-up pleasures of 'Live Forever' to trying for another album-ending mountain like 'Champagne Supernova,' that keep their latter-day output so entirely forgettable."
Under The Radar,30,"A big stinking pile of rubbish."
Blender,20,"Yes, 'Don't Believe The Truth' is an improvement on the trilogy of folly that is 'Be Here Now', 'Heathen Chemistry' and 'Standing On The Shoulder Of Giants'. But so what? Can't polish a turd, you know."
PopMatters,10,"Mediocre melodies ride atop formulaic songwriting."

The Guardian,100,"Get past the dark stuff and Demon Days reveals a stash of songs that are more fun than a Hong Kong Phooey marathon."
Prefix Magazine,100,"Innovative as it is satisfying.... Its hard to imagine a more realized meld of hip-hop, electronica, and post-rock."
Dot Music,90,"A dazzlingly clever record--great beats, brilliant production, top tunes and some of Albarn's best singing. [Jun 2005, p.106]"
New Musical Express (NME),90,"[Danger Mouse's] stunning flourishes... help place Demon Days notches above any vaguely electronic release in recent memory. [Jun 2005, p.104]"
Pitchfork,90,"Demon Days is fantastic."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Utterly unique and frequently wonderful."
Uncut,90,"It not only eclipses the first Gorillaz album, which in itself was a terrific record, but stands alongside the best Blur albums, providing a tonal touchstone for this decade the way Parklife did for the '90s."
cokemachineglow,90,"Brilliant.... This album sounds like Albarn and Danger Mouse are an inspired team. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.101]"
Village Voice,89,"The results are reason enough for Damon Albarn's other outfit to finally pack it in."
Drowned In Sound,88,"It's Albarn's evocative words, compelling if understated melodic sense and subdued vocals that are the emotional center, transcending the gimmick even more than on the first Gorillaz album. [22 May 2005]"
Playlouder,83,"A much more consistent and coherent album, equaling Gorillazs high points and easily besting its shortcomings."
Drawer B,80,"Demon Days actually is even better than its predecessor."
E! Online,80,"Before you even consider the sonic and melodic innovation paraded through the album theres so much crammed into each of these fifteen songs (without any one of them sounding overproduced or cluttered) that repeated listening is a must."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"First impressions could not be more wrong. Demon Days goes boldly against the current trend for brash immediacy and instead repays time and effort on the part of the listener."
Uncut,80,"Amazingly, only a couple of times does the broadness of what is going on get in the way or misfire... and at album's end, you can look back in wonder at how in the hell a barrel of cartoon monkeys managed to pull it off again. [#15, p.93]"
Q Magazine,80,"Demon Days as a whole is a thing of considerable depth and melancholia and offers rather more soul than the cartoon gimmick would suggest."
PopMatters,80,"Funky, playful but sinister like the best children's stories. [Jun 2005, p.98]"
Dot Music,80,"The record's disparate experiments are unified by an overriding darkness, the black light Albarn shines on the dancehall. It's this unusual tone that makes Demon Days intriguing long after it's ceased to be novel."
AllMusic,80,"Less accessible than its eponymous predecessor, it creates a darker, less cartoonish world where hip-hop, brit-rock, electronica and Dennis Hopper monologues all seem perfectly at home."
Urb,80,"Albarns ability to slither arrogantly from genre to genre while maintaining his charm is truly remarkable."
Austin Chronicle,80,"[Albarn's] sad, plaintive vocal presence elevates near-filler tracks like 'November Has Come'... [and] sub-par tracks like the experimental 'White Light' and... 'Fire Coming Out Of The Monkey's Head' all but beg for Albarn's persona to return. [#10, p.111]"
Los Angeles Times,75,"Spookier, blippier, and more on edge. It's also not as cohesive. [27 May 2005, p.136]"
Stylus Magazine,75,"Danger Mouse sets a consistent tone that wryly chafes against Albarn's paranoia. [Jun 2005, p.105]"
Amazon.com,75,"It's [the] beats by Danger Mouse that make 'Demon Days' a winner, even when the Gorillaz concept threatens to overwhelm itself with pretentious twaddle."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Darker and colder than its predecessor but, surprisingly, more fun. [Jun 2005, p.109]"
The Guardian,70,"Granted, the world isnt exactly better off since since the last Gorillaz album, but that doesnt mean we need to be reminded of it by a loose collaborative outfit that will never be mistaken for the Clash when it comes to political or social consciousness."
Filter,70,"Demon Days is decidedly bleaker than its predecessor."
musicOMH.com,70,"The results are sinister. [#10, p.70]"
Mojo,70,"The sound is more psychedeli-danceable than ever."
Junkmedia,70,"It's all quite innovative and cool, and Albarn's deadpan vocals suggest a Han Solo-like seen-it-all interplanetary weariness. Too bad it lacks a track as tight and memorable as the fluke 2001 hit 'Clint Eastwood' to anchor it in place."
Lost At Sea,70,"So many names, so many influences: perhaps unsurprisingly 'Demon Days' is a dizzying, disorientating and sometimes directionless album."
Drawer B,70,"As you listen to it more and more, the music begins to make sense, the hooks come into focus and everything appears in sharp resolution, manifesting itself in a giant pop animal created for your indulgence."
Under The Radar,70,"The music is mostly an interesting hybrid of unlikely elements and naggingly catchy tunes. [Jul 2005, p.186]"
Entertainment Weekly,69,"Like the Gorillaz's self-titled debut, Demon Days goes the way of most auteur projects, its oversize idea load making for a trip equal parts peak and valley. But also like the debut, Demon Days is better than it has any right to be, featuring singles stronger than anything released under the Blur banner since, you know, that 'Woo-hoo' song."
Spin,60,"Surprisingly, Albarn's vocals, phoned-in and incredibly flat, weigh the record down."
RapReviews.com,58,"Whats particularly interesting about Demon Days is not that they have half of a good record--there are plenty of albums that cant even manage that--its that its so clearly the first half."
Blender,50,"About as disappointing a follow-up as you could ever imagine."

ShakingThrough.net,91,"Deep cuts like 'Man or Animal' are as hot as anything this side of Led Zeppelin II. [Jul 2005, p.95]"
Slant Magazine,89,"No other big band out there makes their pieces fit like this. Not Queens of the Stone Age, not Nine Inch Nails, certainly not Crossfade, Seether, or Chevelle. Audioslave are officially in a league of their own."
Planet,80,"Lean, hard, strong, and memorable, a record that finds Audioslave coming into its own as a real rock band."
Paste Magazine,75,"'Out of Exile' is mostly grand and aggressive, riding the old-fashioned appeal of pipes and chops. [5 Jun 2005]"
The A.V. Club,70,"As solid a listen as it may be, one can't help but yearn for a little bit more of the testosterone-charged hard-rock muscle that the band members' resumes evoke."
Drowned In Sound,70,"[Audioslave] display[s] a welcome lightness of touch. [Jul 2005, p.96]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"On the one hand it's easy to knock; on the other it's difficult to dismiss. [4 Jun 2005, p.58]"
Alternative Press,68,"[No quote available.]"
Pitchfork,67,"The foursome has still not found a common sound to call its own."
Rolling Stone,60,"At times, the four seem to move parallel to each other rather than as one."
cokemachineglow,60,"Even the fiercest moments never fully detonate. [Jul 2005, p.114]"
Playlouder,60,"A muscular piece of work... [but] a tangible sense of genuine passion is, ultimately, absent. [Jul 2005, p.112]"
Spin,58,"The album ends up in the same spinning-wheels muck that often bogged down Soundgarden. [27 May 2005, p.136]"
Austin Chronicle,50,"Out of Exile finds Audioslave moving closer to finding their identity as a band; however they still have one or two more albums before they get there."
AllMusic,50,"As Out Of Exile carries on, the songs sound repetitious and a little formulaic; each guitar solo seems to arrive at a preordained moment, and both the album and the individual songs drag on too long."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Middling music that shoots for epic and edgy, but takes far too few chances and falls short of its fans' expectations."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"The likes of 'Be Yourself' lack much of a dimension beyond 'Let's rock out!' [Aug 2005, p.105]"

Mojo,90,"As great as Alkaline Trio are at relating their booze and blood-spattered lives to listeners, it does get a little tedious. But Skiba and Andriano's interlocking harmonies never flag, and the band's rhythms are just too catchy throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Crimson's minor-key arrangements... make more room for spooky keyboard ooze and swinging rhythms than those on [their] four previous full-lengths. [27 May 2005, p.136]"
Pitchfork,83,"Crimson... still has its share of macabre wordplay... but the real attraction here is the music, which sounds just as dramatic as the imagery. [Jun 2005, p.105]"
E! Online,83,"Criticising this album because youre not a teenager is like criticising inhalers just because you dont have asthma. This may not be for you, but when it hits stride its impossible not to get caught up in it."
Rolling Stone,80,"Their most well-rounded LP so far."
Blender,80,"Crimson may not be AK3s best album, but its a welcome, mature effort from one of Vagrants best bands."
Q Magazine,80,"If anything, Crimson is the album that will push Alkaline Trio from the edges of the spotlight directly into its midst."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's a delight to hear. [18 Jun 2005, p.64]"
PopMatters,70,"On Crimson, Alkaline Trio again manage to make bloodletting sound like hot fun on a Saturday night."
The A.V. Club,60,"Alkaline Trio's shtick isn't as cartoonish as that of goth-punk outfit AFI, but it can be a bit silly."
Splendid,60,"Overall, the band seem to be running long on ambition and short on ideas. [Jul 2005, p.172]"
Uncut,60,"Crimson features enough syrupy string swells, maudlin piano filigrees and layers of production sparkle... to choke an army of purists. But these credibility-destroying effects only enhance the pure pop kick. [Jul 2005, p.114]"

AllMusic,100,"'Mesmerize' is a frantic, frenetic brutal assault on the senses. It mashes up the most intense hardcore, the fiercest fire-starting punk rock with ridiculously complex riffing thats like amphetamine prog."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"You'll be left wondering why other bands aren't so daring."
Spin,91,"It's heavy and hooky. [20 May 2005, p.73]"
Stylus Magazine,90,"Mezmerize doesn't fail to be unique."
Drowned In Sound,90,"There is no other hard rock band around who can match the audacity, intensity, progressive nature, and accessibility of System of a Down, and with Mezmerize, they've simply topped themselves."
Lost At Sea,90,"Even if 'Hypnotize' is simply more of the same, with SOAD operating at such astonishing creative and emotional heights, it'll still leave every other metal band on the planet scrabbling in the dust."
PopMatters,90,"Rarely are albums this thrillingly original. [Jul 2005, p.120]"
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Tankian remains the sort of agitprop trickster whom partisans on both side so fthe aisle are wise to distrust. [Jul 2005, p.101]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Confirms System Of A Down as one of the most innovative bands in modern rock. [Jun 2005, p.110]"
The A.V. Club,80,"If you want it to be, it's brilliant. It's also a record so ambitious, so angry, and so mad-as-a-goose that there are otherwise intelligent people who will hear it once and straight away deem it an interminable racket. [30 Apr 2005, p.61]"
Alternative Press,80,"Perhaps they're settling into their identity... Fast and furious often, melodic often, powerful often, diverse always."
Blender,80,"Mezmerize should be enough to keep A.D.D.-ers occupied for six months."
Playlouder,74,"Mezmerize is on par with 2001s Toxicity as SOADs best offering to date."
E! Online,71,"Mezmerize works as a synopsis of the most effective weapons in the bands arsenal."
Entertainment Weekly,71,"Mezmerize's strongest moments are when the band drops the eccentricities and just rocks out."
AllMusic,70,"Who'd have thought you could describe a metal band as 'intriguing'?"
PopMatters,70,"At its reckless best, which is a lot, Mezmerize is thrilling confrontation, a graphic reflection of a nation tearing itself apart in anger, fear and guilt."
Dot Music,70,"While 'smarter than most metal' sounds like faint praise, it may be the best way to describe the faintly praiseworthy System Of A Down."
Q Magazine,70,"Theres no filler here; theres barely space for a spare breath. But amidst the bombast, there are a few moments of clarity, and though fleeting, theyre certainly worth the wait."

Spin,80,"A breakthrough for Weezer... Cuomo's songs are his most plaintive and brilliant since Pinkerton. [19 May 2005, p.74]"
Uncut,80,"It may be a spiritual cousin to Pinkerton, yet it's far removed from the raw, nervy immediacy of that album.... This has a lighter, brighter feel than any of its predecessors, not just in the music but in its outlook."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"'Make Believe' is classic Weezer, further refining the template of unthreatening heavy metal riffs... welded to smart lyrics, largely of satirical nature, and infectious melody."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Hints that Cuomo may be approaching some sort of personal epiphany about his place in the world. [Jun 2005, p.116]"
Village Voice,67,"Weezer's most conventional disc... a cleaner-sounding record heavy on way-earnest power ballads. [13 May 2005, p.85]"
ShakingThrough.net,67,"You can hear them struggling on Make Believe to keep fans bouncing along to the power-pop anthems but also keep it interesting for themselves so frontman Rivers Cuomo won't put the whole thing on hiatus again."
cokemachineglow,64,"The thread that made Weezer everyone's favorite nerd-rock quartet--the soul and core behind the dramatic guitar crescendos--has unraveled completely, leaving us with a record full of, well, a lot of dramatic guitar crescendos. [#16, p.87]"
Pitchfork,60,"A chunk of almost straight-faced love/self-doubt songs show that while these geeks may not inherit the earth, they can play their competitors at their own game."
The Guardian,60,"It's the schizophrenic sound of a band starting over a decade later."
Rolling Stone,60,"Neither the best nor the worst album this band has recorded."
The A.V. Club,60,"Some songs are worth a listen, but the overall package sounds and feels redundant and, putting myself at the mercy of =W= fans everywhere, renders itself irrelevant."
Prefix Magazine,60,"In striving for Zen-like purity, the songs often end up eerily blank. [Jul 2005, p.122]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Another patchily edifying addition to the Cuomo enigma. [Jul 2005, p.106]"
AllMusic,50,"The truth is that any Weezer copycat band could have made this record."
Dot Music,50,"Far from the unpredictable genius of old, it seems that Rivers Cuomo has returned lacking both edge and sparkle."
Q Magazine,50,"Many of these songs are thin schematics for perfect pop songs. Theyre impressive in their commitment to formula--deploying catchy, whiny hooks, taut structure, loud-soft interplay, and well-timed guitar peals. Yet for all their nakedness, they offer little in the way of revelation."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The guitars still kick, but charm is thin on the ground. [Jul 2005, p.89]"
E! Online,34,"Make Believe might sound more sincere if the clean, precision-metal production didnt steamroll Cuomos lyrical misery in bombastic arrangements featuring factory-issue power chords and a MOR-safe rhythm section."
Filter,33,"Make Believe seems so simple compared to [Weezer's] other albums."
The Guardian,30,"Weezer's once unique aesthetic has been replaced by something formulaic and ultimately too safe."
Prefix Magazine,30,"Infuriatingly plain. [16 May 2005]"
Paste Magazine,30,"It's a sweet, open, daringly earnest album in which the sad old Cuomo does battle with the wise old soul Cuomo wants to become. By conventional wisdom, it should never work as a rock album, and most of the time, that conventional wisdom is dead on."
Lost At Sea,26,"Make Believe finds Cuomo donkey-punching the formaldehyde-soaked corpse of his former glory."
Blender,10,"You can feel how dreadful this record is from the very first bar."
Mojo,4,"Sometimes an album is just awful. Make Believe is one of those albums."

Slant Magazine,91,"Current yet sounding potentially classic already... Reznor forces himself further into the mainstream with With Teeth--but on his own terms."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Individual instruments are easier to identify, and NIN now sound like more of an organic unit that's augmented by machines and electronics, rather than driven by them. It also contains some of the most accessible and light-hearted numbers that Reznor's produced in his career."
New York Magazine (Vulture),83,"More in line with his tighter debut, Pretty Hate Machine, With Teeth is made up of bursts of dark, scary and paranoid gut punches."
Uncut,83,"Reznor seems to have finally grasped that listening to a NIN album should not be as torturous as whatever artistic agony went into its creation. [29 Apr 2005, p.145]"
ShakingThrough.net,80,"With Teeth's biggest surprise is how immediately gratifying the majority of its songs are."
Stylus Magazine,80,"This time he's back to attack mode. Nearly every song bristles and slams. [2 May 2005]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A lean, aggressive and thoroughly relevant album.... If you really need to spend any money on an album where a multi-millionaire relentlessly tells you how remorselessly shit life is; make it this one."
The New York Times,80,"An hour's worth of the good stuff: churning, yearning synth-rock. [Jun 2005, p.114]"
The A.V. Club,80,"At times, a work of considerable beauty. [Jun 2005, p.108]"
cokemachineglow,78,"Consider With Teeth a return to form that substitutes the depthless noir of Reznor's past material with thunder gray, a night shade that allows for more texture and atmosphere."
Playlouder,76,"Reznor doesn't attempt to bludgeon the listener with either overreaching musical ambition or awkward lyrical poignancy, making With Teeth that rare animal: a Nine Inch Nails record that doesn't force a false sense of visceral urgency."
Pitchfork,70,"On Teeth, he abandons the quiet piano diddles of The Fragile for pure aggro. [5 May 2005, p.70]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"It is, shudder to think, Nine Inch Nails' pop album. Or, at least, Reznor is returning to the more song-orientated territory of 'Pretty Hate Machine'. [23 Apr 2005, p.49]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"For a guy that has so little to say with so few ways to say it, Trent Reznor has mastered the art of making what is old sound new again."
E! Online,69,"Perhaps its primary feat is that the music manages to sound fresher than anything industrial-tinged has a right to sound."
Entertainment Weekly,65,"With Teeth manages to flip the script on Reznor's recent M.O. Instead of fronting like a more feminine Al Jourgensen-- hard, coarse, yet not totally abrasive-- Reznor comes across as the masculine yin to Shirley Manson's alluring yang: playful, coy, and with a flair for the dramatic."
Splendid,60,"Quite frankly, this is the record that NIN should have released if Reznor had wanted to capitalize on the success of The Downward Spiral."
The New York Times,60,"While With Teeth satisfies in all the expected ways, not much has changed in Reznor's world."
Playlouder,60,"A tight, straightforward set of serviceable Nine Inch Nails songs, with brief moments of inspiration and lots of fan- and radio-friendly hooks."
Blender,60,"It's hard to shake the feeling that this return to decay-drenched digital rock is the sound of Reznor playing to the gallery. [Jun 2005, p.97]"
Q Magazine,40,"Trent Reznor has run out of ideas."
Austin Chronicle,30,"A record that's half as long as The Fragile but just as plodding and mummified."

ShakingThrough.net,80,"The big differences are that guitars are much more prominent than on any Soul Coughing releases, the lyrics have a more personal perspective, and the additional sounds of the album come from warmer sources like piano, Fender Rhodes and horns rather than a sampler."
Rolling Stone,80,"Very rarely do the songs stumble; when they do, it's only because they force Doughty's style into more ordinary fare unbecoming of him."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Unfortunately, Haughty Melodic, in its attempt to gain a wider audience, does have some clunkers."
Drawer B,70,"Theres certainly something to be missed in this simpler direction, but not too much."
cokemachineglow,70,"Haughty Melodic should find Doughty a new legion of listeners while sating his faithful followers. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.101]"
Pitchfork,70,"Reveals a keen mind at work. [Nov 2005, p.123]"
AllMusic,65,"Where Soul Coughing was defying specific genres and pushing norms, Skittish was scaled back, raw; Haughty Melodic is plugged in, not quite as downtrodden and surprisingly accessible."
Slant Magazine,60,"Ditches the arty expansiveness of his former band and goes for laid-back roots rock."
The A.V. Club,55,"Doughty is better off when laid bare or with a group of musicians that push him in new directions, rather than ones who simply back him."
Uncut,50,"It's just a little sad to hear Mike giving in to conventionality, even if he does do it better than most."

PopMatters,83,"A satisfying return to the Blue Monday sound of their heyday. [29 Apr 2005, p.147]"
Village Voice,80,"Their best since Technique."
AllMusic,80,"This is pristine, state of the art, pop: the usual perfect combination of great melodies and swooping atmospherics that you can dance to."
PopMatters,80,"Their most innovative and unified record since Technique. [#9]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"A very strong -- albeit front-loaded -- album."
Prefix Magazine,80,"A fine distillation of everything New Order have been. [May 2005, p.176]"
Urb,79,"When it's firing on all cylinders, Sirens' Call offers manic pop thrills that either recall the group's heyday, or slyly recalls the noise made by other people that were touched by New Order"
Q Magazine,77,"Unsurprisingly, the formula still works just fine, and in more than a couple spots, its revitalized and intensified to great effect."
Lost At Sea,75,"There is nothing here that pushes past what we expect from New Order in their current incarnation, but it is facile, shiny, bright and well-behaved around strangers."
Rolling Stone,70,"While great songs is something Waiting For The Sirens Call obviously lacks, its still a cracking New Order album - albeit one performed by a group all pushing 50 and mostly written about Bernard Sumners yacht."
Pitchfork,70,"If nothing here is quite touched by the hand of God, then maybe it's all the more engagingly human. [Apr 2005, p.104]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"An extremely catchy collection of solidly crafted pop songs in the familiar New Order idiom."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"But even if it's only half as good as it used to be, this Call sounds okay to us."
Rolling Stone,60,"Touted as half 'Get Ready', half 'Technique', it lives up to every predictable stylistic retread that entails, to the point of self-parody.... Thank Christ, then, that the songs are so good. [26 Mar 2005, p.49]"
Playlouder,60,"Zigzags between immensely beautiful and crushingly ordinary with disorienting regularity. [May 2005, p.122]"
Under The Radar,60,"In the context of New Order's catalog, it may sink to the bottom, but listening to a great (or at least once-great) band phone it in can at least occasionally be rewarding enough to make the effort worthwhile."
Neumu.net,60,"Unfortunately, however, the adjectives that need to be attached to this record -- workmanlike, customary, unembarrassing -- aren't going to make music fans flood the record stores seeking copies."
Alternative Press,50,"Mellifluous, yet unenticing."
Pitchfork,50,"Too much of the album passes by in a pleasantly inconsequential blur."
cokemachineglow,40,"A patchy affair. [Apr 2005, p.124]"
Lost At Sea,40,"There's little real sense of progression here... and at times New Order sound dreary and ordinary. [May 2005, p.96]"
Dot Music,40,"There's one smashing standout here, and that's the closing remix of 'Guilt Is a Useless Emotion,' a thumping, serpentine slice of pure New Order circa 'Blue Monday,' but even that can't save this grave 'No.'"
Uncut,25,"Maybe their edge was lost in the lukewarm production. Maybe it was lost in Barneys lyrics, which are as utterly meaningless as they have been for years now. Maybe it was just lost altogether."
Trouser Press,20,"For the life of me I cannot fathom how people can claim this album is any sort of return to form."

E! Online,75,"Alas, the nuance that infuses a good chunk of Something to Be eventually gives way to the hammy, overemotive gestures we've come to expect from Thomas. [22 Apr 2005, p.61]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Even Matchbox-ish numbers like 'Ever the Same' sound fresh in this new context."
Blender,70,"This isn't edgy work by any means -- and for as hooky and chorus-driven as it is, it's music that becomes memorable through repeated plays, never quite catching hold upon the first listen -- but it's more colorful and well-constructed than a lot of contemporary mainstream rock in the mid-2000s, and it's arguably more appealing than Matchbox Twenty's earnest guitar rock."
The A.V. Club,70,"As good as it should be. [Jul 2005, p.120]"
AllMusic,60,"Mr. Thomas can be a cloying songwriter... Still, plenty of emo singers probably envy Mr. Thomas's knack for writing big, slightly sad songs. [25 Apr 2005]"
Drowned In Sound,58,"Tracks like 'Lonely No More' might strike a chord because people will think it's a funky new Maroon 5 song. However, Backstreet Boys-esque ballads like 'Ever the Same' and 'When the Heartache Ends' are just way too much to handle."
The Guardian,50,"This is by no means a bad album, but to my ears, its worse; its mediocre."
Q Magazine,40,"The momentum collapses with ballads that would suit not only his band but even the Backstreet Boys. [May 2005, 124]"
Mojo,40,"Tries hard to add a few hues absent from Matchbox 20's colourless rock. [Jul 2005, p.90]"
Austin Chronicle,32,"As long as he continues to believe those who trumpet his vices as virtues, no amount of musical exploration or pretentiously titled solo albums will set him free of the straitjacket he's written himself into."
Stylus Magazine,20,"Thomas hasn't yet figured out that as long as he mistakes ponderous poetics and platitudes for depth, the surface trappings of his self-serious songs won't matter all that much. [#16, p.125]"

Drawer B,83,"Humongous hooks. [15 Apr 2005, p.77]"
Entertainment Weekly,83,"By getting real, Garbage has produced quite a find."
Rolling Stone,80,"There are no real surprises on Bleed, but as a return to the steady Garbage ferocity of old, it's first rate. [May 2005, p.134]"
AllMusic,70,"The first two-thirds of Bleed Like Me is easily the best sustained run of studio Garbage since the opening half of their 1995 debut."
Q Magazine,70,"They sound like just another rock band. The thing is, they're a fine rock band. [May 2005, p.119]"
The New York Times,70,"If Version 2.0 was techno-pop perfection posing as rock, Bleed Like Me is its noisy, long-haired cousin playing metal riffs in the garage."
E! Online,60,"While Manson's changeling vocals are always worth listening to, Garbage's songs often aren't."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Theyve returned to the clamorous, powerchord-packed rock of their debut, with the inevitable result that it sounds fixed firmly by the formaldehyde of fashion in mid-90s post-grunge."
Blender,60,"They come across as a self-contained, insular studio band, with tunes aching to break free of the driving wall of guitars. [May 2005, p.96]"
Uncut,60,"It's an enjoyable record, but it's hard to escape the nagging feeling that Garbage has painted itself into a corner: they haven't found a way to expand their sound, to make it richer or mature -- they can only deliver more of the same."
ShakingThrough.net,50,"There very well may be a human heart beating at the centre of 'Bleed Like Me', but thanks to the walls of effects and static, it's sometimes impossible to hear it."
Paste Magazine,45,"The album is full of big rock guitars anchored to big rock effects, but it somehow never manages either to sound big enough or to rock hard enough."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"An album of contrived power-pop songs that chart the lows and lows of yet another failing relationship."
E! Online,40,"Garbage's latest approaches a kind of shimmering technical perfection, but remains strangely, stubbornly uninvolving."
Alternative Press,40,"While 'Bleed Like Me' is easily better than 'Beautiful Garbage', it's still not worth buying. It's recognisably Garbage, but it's unarguably garbage too."
Rolling Stone,40,"Much of it signifies nothing. [May 2005, p.96]"
Blender,30,"As bland as paint. [May 2005, p.110]"
Slant Magazine,30,"The absence of memorable hooks and catchy choruses is obvious."

The Guardian,83,"Weaving crystallized melodies into their signature rage clusters, the metalheads dip a toe in clearer waters without losing any of the grime. [29 Apr 2005, p.147]"
Dot Music,50,"Ultimately Mudvayne gets lost between thrash and diluted Slipknot devotion."
Mojo,40,"The album is, while not terrible, not very memorable, either."
AllMusic,40,"They remain spirit-crushingly average. [May 2005, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Syncopated sludge that will connect only with aging burnouts and the angriest of young 'uns."
Pitchfork,30,"Lost and Found is ultimately a pointless album, one that might have sold well six years ago, but comes across as drab and hopelessly pass today."

PopMatters,100,"Beck's taken everything he's good at and made it better."
The A.V. Club,100,"Long live the king of hip. [May 2005, p.132]"
Playlouder,90,"A mouth-watering feast of beats and grooves... as welcome as anything he's done. [Apr 2005, p.100]"
Uncut,90,"Even though Guero sounds familiar sonically, it still pushes Beck further into a league that he all but owns."
Q Magazine,90,"Guero is Becks most enjoyable long-player because it doesnt pretend to be more than what it is: a fun collection of disparate, delicious songs."
Splendid,83,"Beck has shed himself of Sea Changes need to shelter himself in his songs. We have our urban craftsman back, to stir the dust in sampled record grooves and unearth for us, again and again, the new in the old and vice versa."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Where his previous albums have seesawed between comedy and despair, 'Guero' comes closer than ever to merging them. [21 Mar 2005]"
AllMusic,80,"Bubbles with kooky sounds and melodic invention. [Apr 2005, p.112]"
Billboard,80,"Guero's easy, confident flow makes it easy to underrate but, despite his reputation as a slacker, Beck's biggest weakness has always been trying too hard. It's good to hear him so happy in his own clothes."
Q Magazine,80,"'Guero' contains several familiar sounds merely repackaged and freshened up - remnants of the party album mentality of 'Midnite Vultures' sit next to the eclecticism of 'Odelay' and the folk sensibilities of 'Mutations'. What negates this is the conviction with which it's all delivered."
Rolling Stone,80,"A thoroughly enjoyable LP that sounds warm and familiar upon the first play and gets stronger with each spin."
PopMatters,80,"It's probably best that the album we've been waiting so long to hear is as safe as Guero is. At this point we just want our Beck, and Guero is as Beck as Beck can be."
E! Online,80,"'Guero' proves that the old, post-modern magic still works."
Alternative Press,80,"Beck integrates his personae into a fairly seamless whole, and his knack for synthesizing disparate musical elements (hip-hop, robot funk, blues, country, jazz, garage rock, etc.) extends beyond samples and individual tracks. The songs migrate smoothly from one to the next; there arent any throwaway numbers to sabotage the albums momentum; the whole thing coheres."
Uncut,80,"One must realize that this album was created to be fresh but not necessarily edgy. The difference means that the effort is intended to be highly enjoyable but not breakthrough material."
Drawer B,80,"Beck at his best. [Apr 2005, p.100]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"'Guero' represents a very clever man being clever enough to recognise what he's good at. [19 Mar 2005, p.58]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"His liveliest and jumpiest music in years."
The New York Times,80,"One of Beck's most admirable traits is that when he tries on a new culture, he makes fun of his effort louder than anyone else can."
Blender,80,"Finds [Beck] consolidating his considerable talent by combining all his disparate influences into one coherent collection of songs. [#15, p.90]"
The Guardian,80,"Remarkably, the shifts in tone and mood only serve Guero in the end. [#67, p.85]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Guero turns out to be much stronger than its provenance suggests. [#256, p.66]"
AllMusic,75,"It's his most varied record, but it also sounds for the first time like he's tryinig to make a 'Beck album.' [Apr 2005, p.97]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"While it lacks the churn or drama of his earlier work or the dour intensity of Sea Change, its an album remarkable in its consistent, pleasant above-averageness, punctuated by bursts of true genius."
Dot Music,70,"On one level, Guero is the quintessential Beck album, incorporating aspects of everything he's done.... Yet in tone these songs all carry with them the heaviness of Sea Change."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"It sounds like a shadow greatest-hits album, a collection of also-rans offering intriguing variations on past styles."
Lost At Sea,70,"Beck's sampler-songwriter m.o. feels freshest on songs evoking some version, real or imaginary, of Southern California."
Urb,70,"'Guero' explores all of Beck's influences and revisits so many of his finer ideas. It's not the cheeky soul-funk orgy of 'Midnite Vultures,' but something more mature."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Guero is a record with lots of great ideas and some very good songs... but I can't help thinking that there's just something missing from this release."
Rolling Stone,68,"Guero is all over the map but the majority of its detours simply arent worth the trip."
Flak Magazine,67,"Guero isn't exactly Odelay. It's more like a photo album tracing the phases in Beck's musical career."
Filter,66,"Many of the songs appear to be little more than weak echoes of their similar predecessors."
Magnet,65,"There is nothing here that thrills with its audacity, beauty, beat or lyrics. Instead, we are given a solid batch of songs that for any other artist would be a crowning achievement, but for Beck is just mediocre."
The Wire,60,"It's endearingly all over the place, but depressingly self-referential."
Spin,60,"While there are enough inspiring moments on here to suggest Beck hasn't yet run out of ideas, it demonstrates that the best way for him to revisit former triumphs would be to travel somewhere new. [Apr 2005, p.92]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The production lacks the loose-fit liveliness and lightness of touch which was The Dust Brothers' trademark back in the mid-'90s. [Apr 2005, p.114]"
PopMatters,52,"If this record had come out in 94 it would have been groundbreaking. 98 and it would have been good. But its 05 now, and there arent many reasons to be impressed."
The A.V. Club,50,"Too often tracks drag us down below the high standard an artist like Beck Hanson has set himself. Red Hot Chili Peppers outtakes with some harmonica and vocoder balanced incongruously on top are frankly not good enough."
Village Voice,50,"The albums biggest weakness lies in its arrangements."

Billboard,90,"A darkly, slathering record of frustration and disillusionment, Language. Sex. Violence. Other?' may, in time, even come to be seen as one of the true masterpieces of the noughties guitar revival."
No Ripcord,80,"The punk-inspired spark that made their 1997 debut, Word Gets Around, so impressive is rekindled."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"An excellent modern rock record. Dense, intelligent, user-unfriendly and challenging. [12 Mar 2005, p.57]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Stereophonics have never sounded so brooding, mysterious and -- dammit -- sexy. [Apr 2005, p.122]"
Pitchfork,60,"The music may seem invigorated and fresh, but lyrically, the usual ingredients are all present, correct and indigestible as ever."
Neumu.net,60,"Fierce, minimalistic but defiantly pop-sensible hard rock. [Apr 2005, p.88]"
Junkmedia,60,"This album will not bear up to being played too often."
Mojo,50,"In some ways is a step backwards towards their rockist, meat-and-potatoes roots, and in other ways is a quantum leap into the unknown."
Q Magazine,50,"A masterclass in menace. [Apr 2005, p.97]"
cokemachineglow,45,"Jones still croaks out songs with that wretched voice of his, an amalgam of nicotine, alcohol and AOR. The guitars still churn out feeble riffs more appropriate for a Hot Wheels commercial than a grown-up's rock album, and even when they're on to something it feels like they're only fumbling with a good idea."
Playlouder,40,"They sound like a marginally smarter American modern-rock act, screaming their pain over raw-boned riffs that could sure use some technicolor pizazz."
Dusted Magazine,40,"For all of his wild swinging, Jones never fully connects. [May 2005, p.136]"
Dot Music,30,"Stereophonics have in effect 'done a U2', packing in the arena-filling songs but with added AOR. Elements of rock dinosaurs such as ELO, Chicago and Fleetwood Mac all crop up over the course of 11 songs."
AllMusic,20,"The ham-fisted attempt to modernise Stereophonics' sound... falls flat at every attempt as samples, effects and the odd electronic buzz avoid the underlying mulch like gas-gun fired dried peas off titanium."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Explode[s] with musical vitality. [#15, p.97]"
Q Magazine,90,"The mix of the old, the new, and the unexpected... makes Live at Earls Court one of the most successful albums of Morrissey's career."
The Guardian,80,"The true highlights of this CD are its more touching moments; the moments when the sincerity in Morrissey's voice and power of his music remind fans why they were drawn to him in the first place."
Mojo,80,"Mozzer [is] in excellent voice. [May 2005, p.96]"
PopMatters,80,"In a way, re-releasing brand new material automatically canonizes it. You Are the Quarry received moderate praise, but listening to Live at Earls Court, youd think his latest songs were some of his best, sitting comfortably next to Smiths classics like Big Mouth Strikes Again."
Stylus Magazine,78,"Morrissey's singing appears to have taken a giant leap over the past seven years or so."
Uncut,70,"Time has proved Morrissey to be just as powerful and alluring a performer at 45 as he was at 23. [2 Apr 2005, p.49]"
Pitchfork,70,"He's still in lovely voice... and he deploys it on a selection of material that revels in past glories while showcasing his current triumphs. [May 2005, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Live at Earls Court isn't just an exercise in nostalgia."
Alternative Press,50,"The song selection is choice, and his band handles the solo material well enough (especially on I Have Forgiven Jesus and a showstopping You Know I Couldnt Last), but a smattering of Smiths oldies doesn't help."
Drowned In Sound,40,"At best superfluous, at worst that very thing he dreads most. Forgettable. [May 2005, p.113]"

Playlouder,74,"This is just well-executed, fun rock 'n' roll."
Filter,70,"[An] entertaining album. [Apr 2005, p.119]"
AllMusic,60,"The results are much better than his 1993 sci-fi shark jump, Cyberpunk, and so it automatically counts as the best thing he's done since 'Cradle of Love.'"
PopMatters,60,"It delivers considerable entertainment value. [Apr 2005, p.122]"
Mojo,50,"A solid, by-the-numbers Billy Idol album. And that is both its triumph and its tragedy. [Apr 2005, p.99]"
Lost At Sea,50,"Shave Devil's Playground of nine tracks and repackage it as an EP and it could conceivably be the comeback of the year. [Apr 2005, p.98]"
Pitchfork,40,"The bodybuilder's physique and sneering expression haven't given way to age; nor has his conviction that singing pedestrian clunk-rock is tantamount to signing on as Satan's orchestra leader."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The odd thing about Devil's Playground isn't that Billy pretends Cyberpunk doesn't exist -- frankly, any artist with sense would do that -- it's that he now pretends that he's always been a metalhead, as if his posturing in the '80s was more than an affectation."
Q Magazine,40,"An uneven and ultimately unsatisfying return."
Rolling Stone,40,"Over-produced and under-inspired. [26 Mar 2005, p.51]"
Trouser Press,40,"Devil's Playground makes like it's 1983 all over again."

Uncut,100,"The Queens have officially given us the first legitimate Album Of The Year candidate for 2005. [May 2005, p.130]"
ShakingThrough.net,100,"This is metal that swings, heavy with a deft touch. [24 Apr 2005]"
Blender,90,"They are so good, so natural on Lullabies to Paralyze that it's easy to forget that they just lost Oliveri, but that just makes Homme's triumph here all the more remarkable."
Rolling Stone,84,"Taken on its own, any one of these songs is pretty good--and some are really good--but Lullabies to Paralyze is held prostrate by an overall lack of variety not made up for by kitsch or vigor. [#14, p.94]"
Q Magazine,83,"If this is what treading water sounds like, I'll take it."
Uncut,83,"Lullabies to Paralyze explodes with tight, meaty riffs, enormous pop melodies and vocals that seem to come from outer space."
Mojo,80,"What's great about this album is they've managed to wield the same monolithic power riffs but make them count, with melodies and ideas way more consistent than before."
The Guardian,80,"Homme has emerged with the best songs of his career."
AllMusic,80,"Effectively embracing the entire history of the band's sound, the album sprawls over an hour, and has so many peaks and valleys it's practically topographical. [Apr 2005, p.98]"
Billboard,80,"It's the magnetic push and pull of its different sonic layers and shifting moods that really defines the record (for better and worse), and rewards repeated listens."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"They still cuss (in case you for-fucking-got), and they still gab about drinking and screwing and dabbing their noses in the c-c-c-c-c-cocaine, so all's good in that regard."
Trouser Press,80,"The 2005 version of QOTSA finds the band more relaxed and loose than it has ever been on record."
Alternative Press,80,"Where 'Songs For The Deaf' was about jumping up and down until your eardrums burst, 'Lullabies To Paralyze' will use its enigmatic mysticism to lull you into a blissful daze so you don't at first notice that the riffs have broken your neck. [12 Mar 2005, p.55]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is not a Big Rock Record. Instead it's intimate, multi-layered and uplifting. [Apr 2005, p.86]"
AllMusic,80,"Precise, tough, tuneful, ambitious and sexy as hell. [Apr 2005, p.112]"
Filter,80,"At times, the songs get bogged down in too much heavy instrumentation, but they are always saved by [Homme's] soothing, drawling vocals. [#9]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Lullabies is one of the strongest albums of 2005 thus far, from beginning to end."
E! Online,75,"The macho posturing can get obnoxious.... That said, anyone looking for a band that can mix and match metal, blues, thrash, punk, psychedelia, and grunge as the mood suits will be floored by Lullabies. [25 Mar 2005, p.70]"
Playlouder,75,"Lullabies occasionally evokes early Black Sabbath and nods to a few psych-rock stalwarts but, like most Queens' records, it's oddly unclassifiable. It's also troublingly inconsistent."
The Guardian,75,"An eclectic, rippin' record whose only shortcoming is its commitment to artistic quality. [Apr 2005, p.99]"
Uncut,74,"Lullabies to Paralyze loses points for a handful of uninspired tracks and questionable production values, but I cant imagine anybody whos enjoyed the Queens in the past not taking to at least half of the songs on this album."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Where Songs for the Deaf found the perfect middle ground between aggressive rocking licks and experimental flourishes, Lullabies falls to the experimental side."
Village Voice,70,"For the most part, 'Lullabies To Paralyze' keeps up the high musical standard set by its predecessors."
Billboard,60,"It's the tension between Homme's conflicting impulses that pressurizes Lullabies to Paralyze's highest points and accounts for its lows."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Sounds routine, obscure without much mystery. [Apr 2005, p.124]"
Mojo,60,"Even if the characteristic humor is gone, the album hits more than it misses -- but it's fairly bottom-heavy, leaving much stoner drone in the way of the eventual goods."
Q Magazine,60,"Without other strong personalities in the band to rein him in, Homme's occasional excesses undercuts what makes QOTSA so great."
Under The Radar,60,"It's an overstuffed, uneven album, one that's not disappointing as much as it is disorienting. [#67, p.111]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Songs For The Deaf worked because it had the tunes to handle the drama. It dared you to hate it at first so that it could eventually win you over, which made its triumph all the greater. But with Lullabies To Paralyze youre waiting a long time to be won over, and when it finally happens, its far too brief."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Lullabies is ultimately a demanding, schizophrenic, lopsided album. At its best, it's an elaboration on what Queens have become known for -- distinct, droning, melodic, heavy guitar rock. At its worst it's futile, go-nowhere studio sludge."
Pitchfork,50,"Even through patches of mediocrity, QOTSA still offer something healthy and respectable to the hard rock world, but too much of anything can be bad for you."

Spin,100,"Great pop from a great band."
cokemachineglow,80,"This is Ash ready for stadiums, standing their ground and treating us to the kind of rock their heroes made."
Lost At Sea,80,"A surprisingly strong and assured record."
Dot Music,80,"If you're a fan of tuneful, American-influenced pop-punk, Ash are waiting to burn a hole through your heart."
Rolling Stone,80,"Noisy pop-punk that's bratty with pogoing entitlement. [Apr 2005, p.124]"
Blender,80,"The band's melodies continue to be undeniable, but when guitar solos are added to the mix, the combination is electric. [#9]"
PopMatters,80,"Ash have turned in a bullish and cocksure fifth studio album to delight the faithful. [Jun 2004, p.95]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Meltdown is easily Ash's best album since 1977; this is the sound of a band becoming interesting again. [Amazon UK]"
Magnet,80,"Meltdown is a sturdy, well-written and (perpetually adolescent lyrics aside) mature addition to Ashs enduring and near-essential canon  ample reward for ten years loyal support."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Retains the gum-tingling pop harmonies and guitar-throttling riffs of previous albums, but their reedy punk sinew has swollen into rock muscle. [Jun 2004, p.112]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"A below par effort by their high standards."
Trouser Press,68,"Sadly missing here is Ash's sense of vulnerability, a key element to their charm."
Playlouder,67,"Meltdown gets stuck in a hard-rock rut. [11 Mar 2005, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"A straight-ahead rock album that already sounds like a festival set list in waiting."
AllMusic,60,"Ash manage to connect more often than not, and when the songs do work, the riffs and hooks achieve a surprisingly effective balance."
Neumu.net,58,"Ultimately, Meltdown isnt as dramatic a failure as its title seems to be begging me to pronounce it--in fact it isnt really a failure at all. Its just a crucial dip in momentum."

Alternative Press,100,"Confirms Doves as the country's most innovative rock group. [Mar 2005, p.94]"
Under The Radar,100,"Some Cities brims with confidence, as the band delivers a mix of Motown rhythms and windswept melodies with unblinking force."
Q Magazine,91,"There's an almost antiquated quality to this wondrously exhilarating, shimmering pop masterpiece. [4 Mar 2005, p.73]"
Amazon.com,90,"Some of the radio-friendly oompa of The Last Broadcast has been cut back, and the new record bears more resemblance to their debut Lost Souls in its ashen-faced detachment and bloodied-yet-unbowed pride."
Dot Music,90,"A crowning achievement. [#9]"
Mojo,89,"Some Cities builds on the band's propensity for melodic grandeur and achieves pure sonic bliss in the bargain."
Logo,82,"Some Cities is easily their best since Lost Souls, and while repeated listens won't likely reveal it better than their debut, it's often equally as hypnotizing."
Pitchfork,80,"They throw light on their shadowy melancholia, resulting in positively euphoric tunes. [Mar 2005, p.111]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Whilst Some Cities has less radio-friendly singles than The Last Broadcast, it is perhaps a more cohesive piece of work."
The Guardian,80,"It is only after about the fifth listen that the true wonder of Some Cities slowly starts revealing itself. [Mar 2005, p.97]"
PopMatters,80,"'Some Cities' is less epic, but no less important, than its predecessors."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Doves' best yet."
Uncut,80,"The album has a mood that runs throughout, unfolding from nothing into something extraordinary."
E! Online,78,"In the three years since Last Broadcast, Doves have cultivated a better understanding of their strengths and limitations, and Some Cities beams with a revivified looseness."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Like Coldplay killing time with the Happy Mondays at Manchester's Hacienda club. [Mar 2005, p.92]"
Drowned In Sound,74,"Floating where they once soared... Doves safely straddle anthemic familiarity and hipster erudition. [#15, p.104]"
Under The Radar,70,"Anthemic, challenging pop."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Some Cities is not as strong as its two predecessors, but it does continue the band's run of consistently pleasing albums."
cokemachineglow,70,"As has always been the case with Doves, aural environment-building sometimes seems to be all the band has going for it, like on 'Someday Soon,' which uses sudden dramatic hushes and angelic choirs to pump life into a ballad that's practically melody-free. But at least the practice helps Doves make its few great songs count."
Urb,70,"Doves' best songs are full of life and genuinely moving, like an older, wiser Coldplay. [Apr 2005, p.113]"
Dot Music,70,"Suggests a progression and a retreat at the same time."
Q Magazine,60,"Some Cities is less self-consciously arty than Souls, though the murky atmospherics and nondistinct Brit voices here will likely confine the album to the nether regions of America's Top 100."
Billboard,60,"There's generally more of the same here, but Doves' alternate influences this time around... don't exactly add up to a great band 'stretching out.' It's more like they're grabbing at straws. [May 2005, p.134]"
AllMusic,60,"While there are plenty of MTV2-ready tunes, the record doesn't bear much repetition."
Lost At Sea,50,"Sadly, the songs are less noticeable than the urge to strangle the drummer. [Mar 2005, p.101]"
Pitchfork,33,"Doves strength lies in their careful sculpting of the sonic and the emotional, and here theyve restrained their palette and scope so much that the result is grey."
Spin,30,"Bogged in reverb tanks, delays, and other swirly effects, Some Cities' production masks their slovenly musicianship."
Filter,20,"Like most of the cities Doves sing about, these songs are grey, drizzly, often unpleasant, and more often than not... very, very dull."

The Guardian,100,"It's already the most riveting album of 2005--provided you're ready to carve a wide enough hole in your consciousness to accept it. [Mar 2005, p.130]"
PopMatters,100,"It's practically a compulsory purchase."
The A.V. Club,91,"Frances explores an explosive groove Comatorium only implied. [Mar 2005, p.83]"
Blender,91,"If you've got the time to dig in, Frances the Mute proves a cohesive, intricate and expertly layered experience."
Neumu.net,91,"Whereas the somewhat timid and searching De-Loused in the Comatorium was all about surprising audience, critic, and probably the band itself, Frances the Mute is a self-assured organic animal that should come as no surprise to anyone."
Rolling Stone,90,"Miraculously the lyrics never sound like the pompous shite they undoubtedly are. They fit the music and make the whole picture even more laughably and absurdly brilliant."
Alternative Press,90,"Its not prog rock. Its not punk rock. Its not emo. Its not indie. Its just music, and it will incinerate your mind if you let it."
Splendid,90,"Perhaps the only match for the cerebral weirdness and eventual beauty of Mars Volta's lyrics is their music itself."
Mojo,90,"Listen to Frances The Mute without any prog-induced prejudice... and it emerges as the triumphant sound of a band bound only by their imagination. [Apr 2005, p.86]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Insane, extraordinary. [Mar 2005, p.95]"
Village Voice,80,"This is a visceral, powerful muso's record, a nerve-jangling explosion in a drum clinic. [Apr 2005, p.111]"
Playlouder,80,"Frances bursts at the jewel-case hinges with Comatoriums trademarks: musical inventiveness and wildly emotive vocals."
Alternative Press,80,"[An] overstuffed sound hurricane. [#255, p.58]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The Mars Volta's second album is an exhilarating transgression: concussive, nonlinear rhythms; mad-dog guitar algebra; bloody-nightmare suites sung in bilingual free verse. In short, the beastly spawn of Radiohead's OK Computer and Rush's 2112."
Spin,76,"Proponents of Mars Voltas Frances the Mute will claim that anyone who doesnt like the album simply cant handle the lyrical depth and amazingly multi-layered musical complexity; critics who pan the release will claim its overlong, indulgent, and -- did we mention indulgent? The truth, as usual, falls somewhere in between."
E! Online,70,"Frances The Mute smells like another concept album, is far too long and so pretentious as to be farcial. Amazingly, it's also mighty entertaining. [Mar 2005, p.91]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"On the whole, the record sounds more like the blueprint for a stunning live show than like a viable document of a top-flight hard rock band."
Playlouder,70,"The 77-minute-long 'Frances' unfolds upon multiple listens, sometimes threatening to collapse under its own pretensions (meandering musical passages, sound effects), but ultimately, it is an ambitious and rewarding album."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Within this impressive, ambitious, often stupid whole, are moments of melthing human beauty. [29 Feb 2005, p.65]"
AllMusic,70,"During its most commercial moments, Frances ventures dangerously close to System Of A Down, without the nu-metal grandstanding or fake volatility. [#67, p.106]"
Mojo,68,"Frances the Mute documents the Mars Volta as a passionate and explosive band that has grown capable of taking the music in a hundred different directions. [#14, p.96]"
Q Magazine,67,"The CD has moments of undeniable beauty and power; it may prove to be one of those 'difficult' records that repays with repeat listens. [4 Mar 2005, p.72]"
Blender,60,"The music combines the kitchen-sink inclusiveness of psychedelia with the swerves and jolts of the hip-hop era, to approach the ravenous eclecticism of Latin alternative rock. [27 Feb 2005]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Discipline is a crucial factor in good progressive rock, and despite Theodore's brilliant drumming, Rodriguez's flashy guitar, and Bixler's lyrical skill, there's very little of that discipline here. [Avg of two scores: 80/40]"
The Wire,60,"You have to give them credit for ambition, though, because you're not going to find this particular witches' brew anywhere else."
Rolling Stone,50,"An incredibly accomplished record, a true testament to the bands imagination, intellectual curiosity and outrageous musical talent.... Unfortunately, Frances The Mute is also awful."
ShakingThrough.net,50,"Omar Rodriguez-Lopez and Cedric Bixler-Zavala are fantastically talented musicians and arrangers. But until they rein in their astronomical pretension, they'll always look more important than they truly are. [#9]"
Uncut,40,"With Frances the Mute, the Mars Volta have unfurled a big and bold artistic statement... Unfortunately, that bold artistic statement is rife with pomposity and glimpses of prog-rock at its most horrifically self-indulgent."
The A.V. Club,30,"Everything that was great about De-Loused in the Comatorium is blatantly absent, while all of the negatives now protrude like barnacled tumors."
Billboard,20,"A homogeneous shitheap of stream-of-consciousness turgidity."
New Musical Express (NME),17,"There are hardly any virtues to this record at all."

Magnet,80,"Their sound is back to its subtle best, all Velvet Underground rhythms and guitars swooping over gentle melodies."
Filter,80,"An album which has nothing to do with 2005 and everything to do with 1988. [Mar 2005, p.109]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Although the record shows scant evidence that over a decade of rock music has passed, the band doesn't sound anachronistic or out of touch alongside its younger competition."
The New York Times,70,"While not quite on a par with the band's self-titled debut album, [it] still stands up quite proudly alongside anything else it's curators have recorded either as The House Of Love or any subsequent solo projects."
PopMatters,60,"Alright, so there's no 'Destroy The Heart', the lyrics are uniformly unremarkable, and the odd track is even, dare we say, a touch ropey... 'Days Run Away' is still better than it's got any right to be, and a marginally heroic homecoming with it."
The Guardian,60,"Alas, they undermine themselves with a weedy production which too often gives proceedings a demo-ish air. [Mar 2005, p.99]"
Dot Music,60,"There are a few weak links... but there's a melodic buoyancy here. [Mar 2005, p.106]"
Under The Radar,50,"Nothing here comes close to the claustrophobic, urgent brilliance of the early work. [26 Feb 2005, p.66]"

Splendid,86,"The entire disc is marked by diversity and ingenuity. [#13, p.96]"
Drawer B,70,"Stone Roses fans who haven't tracked Brown's musical progress after that band's breakup will find much to love on Solarized, another mini-masterpiece that perfectly balances mood and melody."
Pitchfork,70,"Yet another endearingly eccentric document: one that will largely support his growing reputation as a talented, contrary, and mischievously erratic artiste."
cokemachineglow,70,"The strongest and most ambitious record of Ian Brown's solo career. [#8, p.105]"
The Guardian,70,"Solarized finds Brown regaining the melodic sense that eluded him on most of [Music Of The Spheres]."
Uncut,70,"Though one can't help but miss the complementing presence of Stone Roses guitarist/songwriter John Squire, 'Solarized' is a strong and enjoyable offering from this Manchester icon."
Trouser Press,61,"There's nothing terribly new to the electro-psych sound he's worked up for himself-- it actually throws back quite a bit to the Roses-- but here he has a clutch of great melodies for him to hang his honey-dipped voice on, and he delivers those nicely."
Drowned In Sound,60,"At times convoluted, Solarized can be a bit of a puzzle, but there are precious few pieces missing from this set. [#14, p.115]"
Playlouder,60,"Solarized is unlikely to win or lose Brown many fans, but the world of music would certainly be a duller place without him."
Q Magazine,60,"Musically and lyrically, this has the same hazy, starry-eyed feel [as Music Of The Spheres]. [Oct 2004, p.121]"
Mojo,60,"There's a freshness uncommon to fortysomething men two decades into their career. [Oct 2004, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Too mystical by half, perhaps, but streets ahead of former Stone Rose John Squire's plain-Jane rock."
Filter,60,"Has more in common with Oasis than anything else. [Mar 2005, p.110]"
AllMusic,55,"Brings to mind an image of someone stuck on a treadmill who has been fooled into believing that he's actually moving forward."
Dot Music,50,"The album's production, particularly the insistence on pinning Brown's hazy croon way on top of the mix, too often dulls any punch the music would otherwise have."
Under The Radar,40,"He falls well short thanks to a dated, home-cooked sound and and the earth-bound mundanity of his collaborators. [Nov 2004, p.119]"
PopMatters,40,"Most of Solarized sounds like a so-so Portishead record with perfect cheekbones, an expensive haircut and rock-star airheadedness even Noel Gallagher couldn't manage."

Billboard,90,"The Beekeeper returns the quirky singer to the same whimsical terrain of 1992's Little Earthquakes, but with much stronger storylines, and a much more assured and nuanced voice."
Pitchfork,88,"She's been de-emphasizing hysterics for a while now, and here she mostly sings prettily, but still powerfully. [6 Mar 2005]"
Paste Magazine,80,"You can delve as deeply into the lyrics and musical brain-teasers as you like, but there's plenty of surface allure for anyone who just fancies a superficial graze."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Amos has never been in rangier voice. [Mar 2005, p.102]"
Q Magazine,80,"Her most down-to-earth album in years, because Ms. Amos has decided she doesn't have to pack every impulse into every song. Sometimes, now, a simple melody and a steady groove are enough. [21 Feb 2005]"
Mojo,80,"She keeps the mood focused and the music softly funky. [Mar 2005, p.92]"
The Guardian,80,"It's an album that's unlikely to yield any massive hits, but like that other iconic singer songwriter, Joni Mitchell, Tori Amos has survived initial success to end up in a place where she has the space to do exactly what she likes in pretty much the only way she seems to know how."
Urb,75,"The Beekeeper is the Tori Amos album for those normally freaked out by Tori Amos. [25 Feb 2005, p.99]"
Neumu.net,75,"Somewhere in here, there's a lovely, compact, cohesive little album. It just takes a little too much digging to find it."
Junkmedia,70,"As a cohesive work, The Beekeeper holds together better than nearly any of Tori's more ambitious albums, but there's a certain artsy distance that keeps this from being as emotionally immediate or as memorable as her first two records."
Uncut,70,"Tori Amos delivers some of the most accessible music of her career, coupled with beautifully obscure lyrics."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Beekeeper meanders too much to be riveting in the way Scarlet's Walk is."
Amazon.com,60,"Many of these underwritten, underproduced tunes sound as if Amos could have composed them in the supermarket express lane."
Los Angeles Times,60,"For every riveting set piece... there are meandering nonentities such as the title track. [Mar 2005, p.98]"
The Guardian,60,"The Beekeeper suffers from too much of the glossy stuff that floats on top, and too little foundation on which to keep itself grounded."
Uncut,50,"Flat... only a few songs flirt with her previous brilliance. [Apr 2005, p.102]"
The New York Times,50,"Mainly there's either promising melodies (the 'Crucify'-aping 'Parasol') ruined by cringe-y lyrics, or decent lyrical ideas executed like a Yoplait commercial. ('This is sooo good.' 'Pirates good!' Cue bongos.)"
Mojo,40,"Floats by without stirring much interest."
Playlouder,40,"If shards of symbolist vision and baroque virtuosity remain, they're smoothed out on the beekeeping tip, avoiding any sharp stings, leaving barely a spoonful of honey. [Apr 2005, p.112]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Her effort is continuously admirable, but what is frustrating about The Beekeeper is the music itself: its almost formulaic, including even the token song that displays a powerful sense of womanhood."
E! Online,16,"The realisation is obvious: a happy, contented, motherly Tori Amos is as irrelevant, sterile, and airbrushed as her face is on the cover of this album. Tori: its over."

AllMusic,80,"He's never sounded more confident. [Mar 2005, p.134]"
Billboard,80,"Simple without being simplistic. [#14, p.98]"
Trouser Press,80,"With Awake, Lee has become a writer so adept at communicating his personality through song, that its easy to feel like you know him after just a few listens."
Rolling Stone,80,"Indeed, 'Awake' is Lee's strongest album in years; so good that you can even forgive the Har Mar Superstar cameo."
Q Magazine,80,"Stand[s] alongside Something to Remember Me By as his strongest album."
PopMatters,75,"[A] pleasant Sunday drive of an album. [18 Feb 2005, p.78]"
Spin,70,"This album is just that  an album in the truest sense, a collection of songs that work together as a whole and one that doesnt rely on a strong single or two to make it work."
Village Voice,67,"[Lee is a] maturing craftsman. [Mar 2005, p.92]"
The A.V. Club,67,"The disc's simple melodies and slightly dated alt-rock sound are unlikely to change his fortunes anytime soon."
Blender,60,"The songs, engaging as they are, sound cursory, as though Lee wrote them while riding the bus on his way to the studio, staring at his watch and an empty notebook."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Nothing here approaches innovation, and while the music isn't offensive to the ears, it provides little to get excited about. [#9]"
Stylus Magazine,50,"Much of Awake Is the New Sleep feels labored, lyrically and musically."
Alternative Press,40,"Awake has the occasional spiffy tune... but it's padded with pop-rock toss-offs and an unlistenable, ten-minute instrumental noise jam."
Filter,40,"Doesn't pack enough hooks to make it memorable. [Apr 2005, p.105]"
Paste Magazine,40,"It's all perfectly serviceable pop, if a little dull."
Billboard,40,"It intrigues more than satisfies. [Apr 2005, p.100]"
AllMusic,30,"Awake is a distinctly flawed album; much of what's here is precious or forced-sounding."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Contrary to what its title might imply, theres really not a whole lotta 'new' goin on here."
Drowned In Sound,29,"Like a washed-up athlete, Lee's stuck reliving his glory years."

Spin,70,"A pair of seemingly dated numbers aside, Disconnection Notice makes for a solid and surprisingly cohesive listen.  [Mar 2005, p.118]"
E! Online,58,"The band's lyrics make Smash Mouth look like Sartre, and its anthemic choruses never quite jell into actual good songs. [18 Feb 2005, p.78]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),50,"Shows the SoCal outfit mining the same bright pop-rock riffs that are being done better by the younger kids today."
Under The Radar,40,"Long on rote melodies and slickly produced SoCal stomp."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Odd sonic and thematic tonal choices plague the album."

Rolling Stone,83,"Noises charms with refreshing indie-flavored pop-rock fare. [11 Feb 2005, p.63]"
Uncut,80,"Their darkly whimsical music has ties to the sweetly strange work of '90s groups like the Sundays, Sixpence None the Richer, and (especially) Belly, but there simply aren't many bands that sound like Eisley around in the 2000s."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The spine of nearly every one of their grainy black songs glows with a luminous vocal melody."
Mojo,70,"The drawback is a lack of diversity which keeps those sunny, delicious moments from having the impact they should."
Splendid,70,"Eisley has developed its own unique, almost anti-populist sound, and a healthy, inquisitive sensitivity, to boot."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It is a beautiful debut, but no one would fault the DuPrees for changing it up a bit next time. [#9]"
Pitchfork,60,"There's a surefootedness and subtlety here to shame many elders. [Mar 2005, p.139]"
Alternative Press,40,"Room Noises is the perfect escape for girls who've outgrown their My Little Ponies but aren't quite prepared for more adult outlets of expression, and that of course is its downfall."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Room Noises has some encouraging, lovely moments, but Eisley have yet to prove that they're anything more than a killer talent-show entry."

E! Online,80,"An album that could finally establish Feeder as major league players. [Feb 2005, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Feeder are in danger of being a schizophrenic band, unrecognisable from their once trademark sound and prone to style swings on a whim."
PopMatters,40,"I have to accept that the band I once loved is now nothing more than a distant memory. Songs such as 'Tangerine' and 'Crash' have long been replaced by the new sound which owes much more to Keane and Coldplay in their melancholic approach."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Mostly it's just a heavily lacquered drone, an album so restrained as to sound almost calculated. [29 Jan 2005, p.58]"
AllMusic,40,"Feeder have had all of their edges carefully removed.... The result is a kind of emotional aural soup that will baffle the spikier members of their original punky fanbase."
Village Voice,40,"Pushing The Senses is by no means soppy, but Feeder's young fanbase might need some convincing. [Feb 2005, p.76]"

Amazon.com,90,"Shimmeringly perfect."
Paste Magazine,83,"Composed of more hits than misses, Nightbird soars. [21 Jan 2005, p.88]"
Under The Radar,80,"A fine return to form."
Blender,80,"Smart, moving, approachable, and well constructed, Nightbird is Erasure's mature masterpiece."
Austin Chronicle,60,"One could easily mistake Nightbird for something the duo made in the Eighties -- and if you love Erasure, you won't care."
Rolling Stone,60,"One can't help but miss Erasure's old-school glee. [Apr 2005, p.116]"
Q Magazine,50,"Each shimmering track lights a momentary spark, but the attraction proves fleeting. [6 Feb 2005]"
Dot Music,40,"How can something that makes so lavish with both emotion and production leave so little aftertaste?"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Seems dated. [Feb 2005, p.73]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"They just sound bored. [Feb 2005, p.98]"
The Guardian,40,"Longtime fans will be comforted by Nightbird, even if it comes off like the fluff Giorgio Moroder might've rejected after a coke bender. [Mar 2005, p.138]"
Uncut,40,"This is undeniably a better album than they've delivered in some while, but... there still seems to be a lack of conviction in their execution. [Feb 2005, p.100]"
Playlouder,40,"They've stuck the bleeps on autopilot, the beats on cruise control, and can only be bothered writing a handful of half-decent tunes. [5 Feb 2005, p.50]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Only a couple of tracks on Nightbird flicker with any sparks of life. [#67, p.96]"

Billboard,100,"A slower album than most, Bomb eventually reveals itself as a work of genius, wrapping religion, love and life into emotionally thrilling gifts."
AllMusic,100,"[Bono] explores epic themes, from faith to family, with such indelible grace that the CD stands with 'The Joshua Tree' and 'Achtung Baby' as one of the Irish quartet's essential works. [21 Nov 2004]"
Rolling Stone,90,"The sound is bigger, the playing better, the lyrics sharper and the spirituality more compelling than anything the act has done in many years."
Blender,90,"Unabashedly grand and inspirational."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Bono's genius is that his inner monologue is so huge and heroic that it matches the scale of the music. And, even more so than on 'All That You Can't Leave Behind,' the music is enormous. [13 Nov 2004, p.55]"
The Guardian,82,"Atomic Bomb is a reduction of U2's most definable characteristics into a very basic formula: impassioned vocals lent extra gravity by Bono's wavering voice; guitars that chime like bells; thick, meaty rhythm section workouts; slowly seductive hooks that build to triumphant, emotional, endorphin-releasing choruses. And on that level, it succeeds admirably."
Uncut,82,"So here we have another U2 album that's just as good as the last one. In fact, it's really good. [#13, p.88]"
Q Magazine,80,"This is grandiose music from grandiose men, sweatlessly confident in the execution of their duties."
Alternative Press,80,"The record does sound good when it's playing, but [its] conservatism is what keeps HTDAAB earthbound and prevents it from standing alongside War, The Joshua Tree and Achtung Baby as one of the group's finest efforts."
Mojo,80,"It nearly always feels fresh, the way a new flame does. [Dec 2004, p.132]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is a very traditional U2 album, the sort of album people want U2 to make. [Dec 2004, p.96]"
Magnet,80,"With their 11th studio album, they've succeeded in not becoming crap quite admirably. [Dec 2004, p.126]"
E! Online,80,"Simply, its back to what it was all about in the first place; writing cracking tunes and just being boys in a band."
Los Angeles Times,80,"How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb may be unadventurous and melodramatic, but it is packed with disarming moments."
Billboard,80,"Yet in spite of the odds, How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb finds U2 sounding just as passionate as it did on 1980's Boy, and just as committed to converting that passion into sprawling pop songs about God, love, and the world's injustices."
Paste Magazine,80,"Even at their most glibly bombastic, there's a melancholy undertow that they can't shake. [Album of the Month, Dec 2004, p.136]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"From the arrangements to the inevitable crashing-wave crescendos, echoes of 'I Will Follow' and 'New Year's Day' rumble through the songs. [26 Nov 2004, p.115]"
ShakingThrough.net,74,"Compared to All That You Cant Leave Behind, its immensely sincere, well-thought out, and meaningful... [It] also happens to be loaded with hooks."
Filter,70,"While the rest of the album fails to live up to the breadth of City and Crumbs, and while it takes serious missteps on the shockingly bad Man and a Woman and Yahweh, this is, by and large, an album to be thankful for, regardless of your demographic."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's neither aggressive nor retro, and U2 sounds better for moving forward, even if they seem increasingly diluted in delivery at times."
AllMusic,69,"Brash, grungy, and loud... a tiny handful of outstanding tracks and a whole mess of schmaltzy filler."
Blender,60,"A one-paced affair, enamoured with drawn-out ambient intros, crystalline guitars layered with reverb, four-note rumbles for basslines, choruses that go on forever and occasional, half-hearted stabs at groove. Meaning that it sounds EXACTLY as you would expect U2 to sound."
Mojo,60,"The harder U2 tries to rock out with wild abandon here, the less spontaneous they end up sounding, making How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb more like an incredible simulation of a punk-influenced album rather than an actual punk-influenced album."
Q Magazine,50,"This time, Steve Lillywhite and the other producers assembled simply construct a U2 album in miniature, mixing in the Edge's processed-guitar trademark whenever you fear they're straying into unforgivable un-U2ness. That's just not enough."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Mostly this is U2 trying too hard, caring too much, being too insufferably genuine without having anything to be particularly genuine about."
The Guardian,50,"Suffers from too much open-faced honesty and a serious lack of intensity."

The A.V. Club,90,"Welcome to the hottest, coolest, best-dressed pop album of the year."
Uncut,80,"It's an irresistible party: trashy, hedonistic and deeply weird."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's too club-centric, too fashion-obsessed, too willfully weird to be a No Doubt album... a glitzy, wild ride that's stranger and often more entertaining than nearly any other mainstream pop album of 2004."
cokemachineglow,80,"Love.Angel.Music.Baby. is big, brash, and divisive -- but as such it deserves to be heard and re-heard."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"One of the most frivolously brilliant slabs of shiny retro-pop anyone's had the chutzpah to release all year. [20 Nov 2004, p.56]"
PopMatters,80,"A ferocious declaration of independence. [Jan 2005, p.124]"
Pitchfork,80,"When LAMB is good, it's very good indeed.... It's one of the most audacioius pop albums of the year.  [Jan 2005, p.120]"
Stylus Magazine,75,"This is undoubtedly the best excuse for a solo outing since Justin Timberlake's Justified."
Trouser Press,70,"An ultra sleek and, it has to be said, generally impressive, 80s-inspired party record."
Village Voice,70,"Only a pair of beefy co-writes with rock mauler Linda Perry detract from the overall tingliness."
Dot Music,70,"Style trumps substance in Stefani's world, making 'Love, Angel, Music, Baby' an ideal guilty pleasure."
Drawer B,70,"And while LAMB is adventurous and playful--with nary a ska-punk riddim to be found--it's when Gwen reaches back and goes totally '80s that the CD reverberates with unwavering charm."
Dot Music,70,"A few songs sound tossed-off, but a few of the stranger ones work."
Rolling Stone,65,"Love. Angel. Music. Baby. has been acclaimed as a bright-and-shiny pop-music tour-de-force, but once the initial thrilling rush of the stylistic sheen and artistic conception has abated, the album seems too fragmented to be anointed as such."
AllMusic,60,"A clever and sometimes enticing solo debut that doesn't quite add up. [22 Nov 2004]"
PopMatters,60,"The fascinating thing about Gwen Stefanis record is not how different it sounds from No Doubt, but how similar it sounds to the producers that she works with and how their collaborations usually fall flat because of the rehashing of tired ideas and plodding predictability of her arrangements."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"An only sometime thing. [Jan/Feb 2005, p.112]"
Q Magazine,58,"The ostentatiousness of it all grows irritating. [3 Dec 2004, p.83]"
Uncut,51,"LAMB has one mega-hit, one okay song, three stillborns, and seven full-fledged embarrassments."
E! Online,38,"An exercise in pointless artifice. [23 Nov 2004]"
Playlouder,20,"The subject matter on the indistinguishably titled  Love, Angel, Music, Baby is painfully mainstream throughout."
The Guardian,10,"It is pure fluff. And pretty awful fluff at that."

Billboard,100,"Mostly great. [Jan 2005, p.96]"
Village Voice,91,"It's no surprise that most of it's raw; it is a surprise that most of it's worth hearing. [10 Dec 2004, p.89]"
The A.V. Club,90,"Its the way With The Lights Out fleshes out the plot that makes it so compelling."
Neumu.net,90,"One of the bands finest releases and arguably the most comprehensive statement to date on just where the musicians were coming from, the roads they took to get where they ended up, and even possibly where they were headed."
The New York Times,89,"For the fan-atic, WTLO's scrapbooklike discography unveils both a gold mine of (still) unreleased material and the Seattle trio's penchant for dashing off B-sides, tributes, and noise at the smash of a guitar."
Stylus Magazine,80,"If you think you want it, you do. [9 Dec 2004, p.184]"
Blender,80,"As the set progresses, the trademark Nirvana sound begins to take shape. [Dec 2004, p.152]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A revelatory, emotional listen from start to finish, 'With the Lights Out' crystallizes Cobain's tortured genius."
Pitchfork,80,"It's a collection of odds and ends, yet the music can be cathartic and it can be achingly intimate. [29 Nov 2004]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Nirvana's feat of moulding indie-band attitude, heavy metal, post-industrial noise and classic pop into an intense incandescent eruption has now been analysed to death. To rip away the posthumous repackaging and expose the band's raw nerve-endings is an amazing feat."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"So, in theory, this big Christmas stocking of demos, B sides, compilation tracks, and curiosities is mostly useful for its historical value, as context. The context, it turns out, rules."
Drawer B,80,"While there is much good music here, there isn't much that adds to Nirvana's legacy, nor is there much that's revelatory."
Spin,80,"With 81 chronologically ordered tracks... With the Lights Out can be a slog. But for Nirvana fans, it's also a necessary rite. [Jan/Feb 2005, p.119]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A hardcore fan's wildest dreams fulfilled. [Jan 2005, p.134]"
Dot Music,75,"The three audio discs... are a mixed bag at best."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Manages, despite an excess of throwaway material, to be an appropriately eccentric testament to Cobains talent."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The crown jewel for those without the patience or proclivity to wade through sketches of songs better heard in full, the fourth disc is a DVD of live footage from the beginning to the end."
Rolling Stone,70,"If you're after better versions of classic songs, think again. But as a humanising, comprehensive and often heartbreaking document of a man who, in five years, changed the face of music, almost by accident, it's essential. [20 Nov 2004, p.55]"
Q Magazine,67,"For hard-core fans, there's a wealth of rare gems here."
Billboard,63,"Those hoping for a trove of overlooked gems will be disappointed, as too much of With the Lights Out sounds like nothing so much as a dull-edged instrument lifting flakes of material from the bottom of a barrel. Simply put, there's enough good stuff here for a solid single disc."
The New York Times,60,"There isnt a doubt in anyones mind that this collection plays it way too safe to satisfy the ber-devoted."
The Guardian,60,"Not the Holy Grail that was promised... But considering what material is present, the set plays like a fairly compelling musical narrative. [Dec 2004, p.120]"
Village Voice,60,"So by all means pick up With the Lights Out, but go ahead and trash the curiously un-Nirvana-like packaging, discard the heat-sensitive (!) box, pitch the liner notes, maybe even throw away the DVD."
AllMusic,50,"The majority of the material presented here will appeal only to a select group of hardcore fans, music historians and critics."
Blender,40,"The Nirvana box set isn't the Holy Grail. The Nirvana box set isn't even Incesticide. [Jan 2005, p.105]"
Uncut,40,"This collection is the antithesis of anything Kurt Cobain would have authorized, right down to the shiny metal packaging."

cokemachineglow,83,"What it lacks in aggression, though, the disc more than makes up for in inspiration, as these covers are so radically reworked that they sound as much like originals as the disc's lone new tune, 'Passive.'"
New York Magazine (Vulture),83,"Sweetly morbid dreams of a better world abound on this politically motivated release. [5 Nov 2004, p.80]"
The A.V. Club,83,"A Perfect Circle prove that they've got not only good taste, but real bite, too. [Dec 2004, p.117]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Unexpectedly impressive. [Dec 2004, p.138]"
E! Online,80,"Some of these treatments verge on the visionary."
Pitchfork,70,"The band builds on the power of the previous Thirteenth Step, applying hypnotic arrangements, brooding melodies, and droning rhythms to a collection that sounds absurd on its surface, but is woven together by A Perfect Circle's heavy and dark-lidded instrumental approach."
Stylus Magazine,60,"One of the most bizarre covers albums ever. [Dec 2004, p.102]"
Mojo,60,"Around the midway point, just as APC seem handcuffed to despair, they remember that a good protest song should stir the spirit rather than sink it. [Dec 2004, p.140]"
Paste Magazine,60,"On the better half of this eccentric concept album, A Perfect Circle... revisit classic protest hits, jacking up the terror by throwing out iconic arrangements and performing heretical surgery on the melodies."
PopMatters,40,"Emotive falls flat and fails to raise the bar set so high by the quality of their previous two releases."
Alternative Press,40,"But for all the acerbic intelligence at play, the pretentious delivery makes this self-satisfied project hard to embrace. [Dec 2004, p.134]"
Drawer B,20,"Sounds like helium-voiced rockers Rush discovering a social conscience. [30 Oct 2004, p.65]"

E! Online,90,"This is an album that can (and I think will) transcend musical taste and age range... 'Lifeblood' may well live forever as one of the best commercial albums of the bands career."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"An album that nails its subtle-but-tenacious hooks with dignity and maturity. [Nov 2004, p.94]"
Spin,74,"Infinitely better than their last album, and proof that The Manics are now capable of writing pop music thats neither dull nor pandering."
Uncut,70,"The lay-off germinated the usual clutter of ideas gleaned from books and films and their best tunes in years."
The Guardian,70,"While far from a smashing return to form on par with Everything Must Go (their career high-water mark), Lifeblood should reassure the public that the Manics are not yet artistically bankrupt."
Launch.com,70,"Lifeblood seems closest in tone to Everything Must Go, although the sound is lighter, less bombastic, more soothing. [Dec 2004, p.148]"
Mojo,60,"An often mediocre record, with a few peaks and an awful lot of troughs."
Blender,60,"Lifeblood is a pleasant listen, but once you peel away the keyboards, sensitively strummed guitars and tasteful harmonies and concentrate on Bradfield's nakedly open voice and Wire's terminally collegiate lyrics, it's hard to escape the unintentional pathos that winds up defining the album and, conceivably, the band's latter-day career."
Rolling Stone,30,"Miserable and insipid. [Dec 2004, p.130]"

AllMusic,91,"Eclectic, combustible tunes. [3 Dec 2004, p.85]"
Q Magazine,80,"As with the other great British debut of 2004 so far, by Franz Ferdinand, Up All Night ripples with cocksure sangfroid and a barely contained sexual fever. [Jul 2004, p.111]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The best British debut since Oasis? Definitely... maybe. But one of the albums of the year? Without doubt."
Drowned In Sound,80,"For all its flaws, 'Up All Night' bristles with passion, energy and, most importantly, amazing songs. [26 Jun 2004, p.53]"
Mojo,80,"Up All Night is a brilliant mod explosion of scruffy pub punk."
cokemachineglow,70,"The band's addictive hooks and memorable charm are far from dismissive."
The Guardian,70,"Razorlight's debut has more hooks than a fishing rod factory, and the advantage they have over Oasis (in addition to not sounding anything like them) is that they haven't had their arses kissed enough to disappear completely up them yet."
PopMatters,60,"If Borrell's originality ever equals his confidence, Razorlight might be as good as he thinks they are. [Nov 2004, p.141]"
Uncut,60,"A lot of these songs blur together and become indistinguishable."
Dot Music,60,"Originality may not be Razorlight's strong point, but Borrell's raw charisma carries the day."
AllMusic,56,"Razorlight is more than The Strokes, London Bureau -- all nervous guitar lines and neither-here-nor-there bar-hopping energy -- but what's left of the mucho-hyped UK outfit's identity feels second-hand borrowed, as well."
Q Magazine,50,"Its not Razorlights reflected experience thats the problem, though, nor their clichd rocknroll romanticism - its the bewildering narrowness of their sonic vision."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"A likeable, if completely unoriginal rock record that's sure to get even the dullest of parties onto the police blotter."
Q Magazine,40,"With less hyperbole and gutter-visionary pretension, Borrell's competent if hygienised NYC punk knock-offs might be more palatable. [Aug 2004, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,37,"At nearly every turn of their flaccid debut, Up All Night, Razorlight squander the ideas they've snatched up from other, more talented acts, then somehow find even more ways to ruin already perfectly uninteresting songs."
New Musical Express (NME),29,"Razorlight is nearly everything wrong with rock and roll today."

Rolling Stone,83,"[Simple Plan] serves up ear candy like 'Welcome to My Life,' which has a gooey-angst-ridden center but is as bouncy as it is sincere. [29 Oct 2004, p.68]"
Billboard,80,"Some excessive ballads aside, Simple Plan's second disc all but perfects the one before it. [Dec 2004, p.141]"
Playlouder,75,"This isn't just a step in the right direction for the band, it's--believe it or not--a good move for the pop-punk genre as a whole."
Blender,70,"The shift to a more dynamically rich sound suits Simple Plan just fine."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Individually, the songs are catchy, but as they pile up over the length of the album, it's impossible not to wonder whether the singer's endless complaints didn't drive everyone away. [8 Nov 2004]"
The Guardian,60,"Despite the overwrought angst, Still Not Getting Any... is a hard-to-deny collection of bubblegum punk"
ShakingThrough.net,60,"Every song has hooks so polished you can see your reflection in them. [Dec 2004, p.142]"
Dot Music,60,"While it's hard to feel moved, it's impossible not to admire the craftsmanship. [Mar 2005, p.101]"
PopMatters,42,"[Simple Plan is] a band as spiritually distant from Dookie as John Mayaer is from Blind Willie McTell. [Dec 2004, p.124]"

Uncut,91,"Futures goes back to the band's roots, sporting 11 sparkling gems that carefully balance balladry with bombast."
Pitchfork,90,"While it may still fall short of the high-water mark established with Clarity, Jimmy Eat Worlds latest is still a strong contender for the best album of 2004."
cokemachineglow,80,"A beautiful example of what 'heart-on-sleeve' music should be. [Nov 2004, p.148]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"[Frontman Jim] Adkins loosens the reins with darker themes and longer songs... but the guitars and harmonies have never been brighter. [Nov 2004, p.139]"
Alternative Press,80,"Mixing maturity with a fixation with metal, there's an anthemic chorus to match every squiggly, air-guitar solo, and gentle harmonies play off grinding rhythms. It's the perfect combination for the ultimate pop-rock break-up album."
E! Online,80,"An inviting, maturing album that still shows enough vitality to still be classed as a good rock album."
AllMusic,80,"Jimmy Eat World sound committed to establishing themselves as a great band, not just a great emo band."
The New York Times,80,"Futures will most likely not be the sensation that Bleed American was -- it is too dark and inwardly focused for that -- but it shows a progression of sound and emotion that fans of the band should embrace."
Rolling Stone,75,"At times there's an almost U2-like expansiveness in lushly atmospheric settings ('Night Drive'), while 'Pain' and the closing '23' have a classic power-ballad feel, without pandering to mainstream tastes. [31 Oct 2004]"
Blender,75,"Jimmy Eat World might still be stuck in 'The Middle' a year from now, but this album's more thoughtful homestretch at least suggests the possibility of alternate futures. [Nov 2004, p.115]"
Q Magazine,70,"Another fine fusion of volcanic arena-rock and cherry-poppin' slow burners. [9 Oct 2004, p.56]"
Spin,70,"A kind of Joshua Tree for the heavily pierced and mildly upset. [Dec 2004, p.140]"
E! Online,70,"The album's radio-ready polish might strike some listeners as soulless, but it's really just a different kind of soul."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It sticks with what Jimmy Eat World have always done, but it sounds better than anything that preceded it."
Alternative Press,70,"Although not as immediate as 'Jimmy Eat World,' 'Futures' will not disappoint fans."
Blender,67,"[Jimmy Eat World] has sacrificed some of the poppy immediacy of its previous album, instead reprising the expansive moodiness of the '99 cult fave Clarity. [22 Oct 2004, p.92]"
The Guardian,65,"Futures is the sound of a band playing it safe."
Drowned In Sound,60,"They've still got the high-energy guitars and the misery-laden vocals. But the songs are longer and trickier."
PopMatters,60,"Jimmy Eat World's ballads sink into sentimentality. [8 Nov 2004]"
AllMusic,60,"Ultimately, Futures is Bleed American Part Two. [Nov 2004, p.118]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's just not ambitious enough, lacking the impact to draw new fans in while just about satisfying those already captivated by the bands admirable class."
Spin,30,"Futures is like a rotten onion, revealing layer upon layer of foulness."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Astronaut takes a few songs to warm up, but by the time the band hits naughty dance-floor fillers like 'Bedroom Toys' and 'Taste the Summer,' it feels like 1983 all over again."
Uncut,75,"Mostly unembarrassing and at times shockingly vital. [15 Oct 2004, p.72]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Duran Duran has a new lease on life, sounding more vibrant and exciting than it has in eons."
Splendid,70,"Revitalizes Duran's early synth-pop magic. [28 Oct 2004, p.103]"
Billboard,60,"It's sleek, groomed and genetically engineered to within an inch of sonic perfection, but there's very little that's memorable. [Nov 2004, p.120]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Filled with exhilarating highs and some confounding lows."
Lost At Sea,58,"The album's lyrics feature mostly throwaway new-age drivel... and gut-wrenching despondency reduced to bored balladeering. Or just plain silliness. [#13, p.102]"
Rolling Stone,50,"At a time when newer acts, from fringe to mainstream, are moving the band's old ideas forward, Duran Duran needs to do more than just mix in the blips and bleeps of contemporary dance music to prove it has something to contribute. [31 Oct 2004]"
The New York Times,50,"Astronaut doesn??t come close to ranking with the music that made the band world famous, but it has moments that make it easy to remember why the band rode such a wave to begin with."
Q Magazine,50,"Doesn't life already seem cruelly short? Do you really want to waste any of it ploughing through a new Duran Duran record? [9 Oct 2004, p.56]"
Dot Music,50,"Even with a handful of forgettable songs... the album is easily the best one credited to the Duran Duran name since 1993's Wedding Album."
Pitchfork,40,"Awesomely anodyne, breathtakingly boring and crushingly clichd, ??Astronaut? singularly fails to take flight."
E! Online,40,"The root of the malaise most surely [lies] in the protracted production, which appears to have sucked the life out of whatever good material there was. [Nov 2004, p.110]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"When they strain for sexy modernity... it's as appealing as Mr. Burns writhing round in satin sheets. [Nov 2004, p.119]"
Billboard,40,"With too many songs trying too hard, Duranies will still go hungry for quality."
Rolling Stone,30,"The default setting is funk-pop bombast augmented by horribly dated electronica. [Nov 2004, p.128]"
Uncut,30,"Before long, though, Duran Duran are adrift in an unforgiving sea of disco-dad dance-pop, anaemic vocals and lyrics too distressingly awful to repeat in a family newspaper."

PopMatters,91,"Like the great college radio station that never was. [29 Oct 2004, p.69]"
Filter,90,"The astute and eclectic programming makes for a better listen than other attempts that have been made to compile '80s alternative rock."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Listening to these four discs, you can really picture an entire nation of college students and twenty-somethings promoting their own gigs, designing their radio station playlists and folding their own record sleeves while staying up late to watch 120 Minutes."
Drawer B,83,"You don't judge a compilation by its hits alone, and it doesn't take long to find the set's weakness: sequencing."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Provides a mind-blowing nostalgic trip for those who grew up with these songs."
AllMusic,80,"A must-have for any fans of true alternative music and a primer for younger generations to see where their favorite bands got their inspiration."
Dot Music,80,"Virtually all of these songs and recordings have held up beautifully. [28 Oct 2004, p.104]"
Mojo,60,"In short, it needs a rigorous editor. [Feb 2005, p.94]"

Q Magazine,83,"But whether they're being snotty or serious, there is a constant thread at work: those catchy melodies."
Austin Chronicle,83,"It may sound heinous on paper, but trust us, the first single, 'We're All To Blame,' is far better than it has a right to be. [8 Oct 2004, p.112]"
Blender,80,"From its aggressive metal and hardcore overtones to lyrics that rail against societal ignorance and a world gone wrong, Chuck is a few steps ahead of the smirking, jocular anthems that populated Sum 41's previous output."
The Guardian,70,"Chuck's heavy melodies find a balance between ADD guitar wank and next year's prom-night hit. [28 Oct 2004, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Sum 41's most mature album to date."
AllMusic,60,"The ceaselessly blistering tone does get overbearing. [Nov 2004, p.145]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Unfortunately, the band overcompensate for all the testosterone with modern-rock romps like 'Some Say' and with bland ballads like 'Slipping Away.' [Dec 2004, p.142]"
Pitchfork,60,"Crucially, if you stick with a formula, the least you can do is improve it. Unfortunately 'Chuck' doesnt and theres nothing thats even remotely equal to 'Fat Lip' or 'All Messed Up'."
E! Online,50,"[Their] penchant for pastiche has evolved... into full-blown plagiarism. [9 Oct 2004, p.57]"
Billboard,40,"The spiky quartet furnish their usual shouty vocals with grinding riffola and twiddly guitar solos, just as the rest of the post-Linkin Park world are realising nu metal wasn't such a good idea."
Rolling Stone,40,"Too melodic for metal fans and too heavy for the pop-punk kids who made them famous. [Nov 2004, p.127]"

Uncut,80,"As the songs unfold over multiple listens, though, what becomes clear is that R.E.M. still has plenty to say, and plenty of interesting ways to say it."
E! Online,80,"Often recalls 1992's Automatic For The People in its sobriety of purpose. [Nov 2004, p.100]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Undercut by passion and urgency. [Jan 2005, p.113]"
AllMusic,70,"R.E.M. still have the remarkable distinction of never once producing a bad album, but this is perhaps the biggest example yet of the group merely treading water, whereas once they majestically swam."
Rolling Stone,70,"Structure trumps texture throughout: 'Make It All OK' is a formally tight breakup ballad, with spiritual overtones, that could fit neatly on a good singer-songwriter record, and others are arranged semi-acoustically, highlighting Stipe's cleanest melodies and most inviting vocal performances in years."
Billboard,67,"This is a low-spark affair. [Nov 2004, p.112]"
Blender,67,"Unfortunately, things do go awry more than a few times."
Alternative Press,67,"As arena folk goes, R.E.M. remain cooler than, say, the Wallflowers. Just barely. [8 Oct 2004, p.114]"
Dot Music,63,"A noncommittal aura undermines Michael Stipe's most personal, poetic and moving set of lyrics in years. [3 Oct 2004]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The first REM album to really disappoint. [2 Oct 2004, p.60]"
The Guardian,60,"R.E.M.'s recent albums have increasingly resembled singer-songwriter records. Around The Sun is much the best of the last three... because the tunes are better. [Nov 2004, p.140]"
Q Magazine,60,"Another slow, meandering CD."
Flak Magazine,60,"The less a-political songs fall far short of REM's extremely high standards. [#8, p.111]"
Uncut,56,"Its sporadic pockets of accessibility aside, it's difficult to listen to  Around the Sun without hearing it as a holding pattern, or worse, a piece of product released simply to keep the R.E.M. brand out among the public."
Alternative Press,53,"Sound[s] less like the work of an actual band than a sterile concoction created by scientists in white lab coats."
Playlouder,52,"Its chief problem is that every word, every note, and every instrument sounds dry, sapped of most of their personality."
Village Voice,50,"The good news is things pick up, eventually. The bad news is the album ends just as it starts getting interesting."
Spin,50,"The band's writing stagnates, rendering the majority of the album in a rote midtempo formula that Stipe's increasingly trite lyrics can't always save."
E! Online,40,"However different the early and mid-period records are, they all sounded daring, fresh, and inspired in their own ways. Compare that to the lifeless 'High Speed Train' which plods along in perfectly measured time for the longest five minutes I've ever experienced with the band."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"In eliminating both the mystery of its early years and the restless spirit of more recent times, R.E.M. leaves just exactly what R.E.M.-haters probably felt the band made all along: midtempo, largely hookless adult rock."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Relentlessly, frustratingly slow. [Nov 2004, p.108]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Where the two remaining musicians in the band appear to have gone astray, Michael Stipe sounds positively lost, never to be found again."
Blender,40,"R.E.M. have never seemed as directionless."
Rolling Stone,40,"The first out-and-out dull R.E.M. album. [Oct 2004, p.97]"
Under The Radar,30,"Lifeless, as if the air had been sucked from the band's lungs."
ShakingThrough.net,30,"Repeated plays just refuse to reveal hidden depths. There arent any. Around The Sun is just a really poor album, probably the first one that this band has ever put out."
cokemachineglow,20,"Weak poetry set to any music sucks, let alone this plodding folk-lite. [#13, p.90]"

Pitchfork,70,"The overall sound is a bit too polished and loses some of the raw power edge that previous albums rode to critical success."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Hamilton's vocals are occasionally plotted now with pronounced melodies, which is nice. But his strikingly affectless, prep-school delivery is abandoned in favor of a gritty, generic bark."
Billboard,60,"It isn't necessarily memorable, but as an exercise in measured, even artistic rage, it's classic Hamilton."
PopMatters,58,"An occasionally catchy but ultimately bland attempt at recapturing past glory. [8 Oct 2004, p.114]"
The A.V. Club,54,"It's awkward to witness such a gloriously thuggish monster vainly attempt the rope-a-dope."
Q Magazine,40,"A disappointing barrage of lethargic metal. [Dec 2004, p.137]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"The sludge is so overbearing that anyone born during the Eighties will wonder what once made them special. [28 Oct 2004, p.103]"
AllMusic,30,"Despite Hamilton's grittiest vocals to date, Size Matters is inarguably watered-down and bland."

Mojo,100,"From the outset, it is clear that this album is a triumph.... An album of great beauty, potential and emotional involvement."
The Guardian,92,"This most confident debut presents Hope of the States as a band for the future -- a place it'll most likely find very comfortable."
Dot Music,90,"This is emotional anarchy at its prime--urgent, passionate and honest. [#7]"
Filter,90,"On paper it can seem a dark, depressing combination. But what Hope Of The States bring and what, in theory, they offer up for the lost and desperate to cling onto is... well, hope."
Lost At Sea,90,"Sure politics can be a bit boring... but the intense symphonic crescedos and bombastic drums on this record are exciting enough to keep even the most apathetic of you on board. [#12, p.103]"
Village Voice,90,"[A] majestic soundscape."
AllMusic,80,"The only spoiler is Sam Herlihys lack of vocal abilities."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"From track five onwards, they rarely put a foot wrong."
Pitchfork,70,"Hope of the States pull off the commendable trick of twisting avant-garde apocalyptica into bona fide pop songs. [Amazon UK]"
Q Magazine,60,"A tricky, pretentious balancing act that's mostly charismatic and only occasionally hard work. [Jul 2004, p.116]"
Rolling Stone,60,"A record of bittersweet delights that resonates with the brain and the heart. [Nov 2004, p.149]"
Drawer B,57,"These are summer-blockbuster songs, overdriven and overproduced simply because they can be, with little-to-no actual substance behind the heavy-effects bluescreen."
No Ripcord,50,"The most glaring problem with The Lost Riots is that it's just no fun."
ShakingThrough.net,42,"More contrived than climactic. [29 Oct 2004, p.68]"
Under The Radar,40,"The heart of The Lost Riots is drowned in bombast, and Sam Herlihy's vocals are nowhere near strong enough to compete with the melodramatic, if prosaic, arrangements they're pitted against. [Sep 2004, p.107]"
Dot Music,40,"'One of the great British rock debuts'? Surely not."

Filter,83,"A giant leap forward--in instrumental prowess, and in emotional and melodic scope. [8 Oct 2004, p.113]"
AllMusic,75,"Pulling off the tricky balancing act of aiming for mainstream success while keeping one's street cred intact, songs like 'Ghost of You' and 'Predictable' abandon the band's mall-rat roots in exchange for more mature influences like U2 and Muse."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The band takes its proven peppy rock sound to new heights."
Playlouder,70,"For all their well-crafted ambition on Chronicles, 'I Just Wanna Live' feels like Good Charlotte's centerpiece, since it's spiked with rock power, but gets its soul from the pop life they lead."
Amazon.com,67,"It's hard to know if Madden's complaints seem so tame because the band's music is less zippy, or whether he's just taking the easiest path to the teen masses. [Nov 2004, p.109]"
Q Magazine,63,"The band never quite escapes its proven pop formula or simple tales of angst. [10 Oct 2004]"
Alternative Press,60,"Their musical gifts havent left them... and their overwrought yet empathetic lyrics signify that their bandwagon jumping is misguided rather than crass."
Pitchfork,60,"Welcome to tonight's Very Special Episode of pop-punk. [Nov 2004, p.130]"
PopMatters,60,"Good Charlotte have obviously put a lot of effort and imagination into Chronicles, and if it comes off as slightly awkward in parts, well, isn't that part of growing up? [Nov 2004, p.135]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Good Charlotte have hooks for days and the fun, gloomy Life and Death sounds like a moody missing link between Fountains of Wayne and Thrice."
Uncut,58,"Beyond some rich-and-famous irony, not a single suburban detail soils an hour of good intentions. And you know the music overreaches too."
The Guardian,40,"Good Charlotte's confessionals are typical teenage moans, and their music second-hand Green Day."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"They falter by attempting to stray from the formula they've mastered. [28 Oct 2004, p.100]"
E! Online,40,"It's nothing if not ambitious... [but] they simply don't have the depth, or the authority, to pull it off. [Dec 2004, p.143]"
Billboard,30,"The disc is full of ham-fisted experiments. [11 Oct 2004]"
AllMusic,0,"Half the time, Good Charlotte sound like Blink-182 after the snip, the other half they sound like the Backstreet Boys without the songs. [16 Oct 2004, p.48]"

Spin,70,"Smart, subtly subversive, and always catchy - if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Pressure Chief won't change your mind on the band, although I will call it their weakest effort simply because there's no memorable single like 'The Distance,' 'Short Skirt/Long Jacket,' or even 'Never There.'"
Stylus Magazine,70,"While traditional rock fans may have a difficult time swallowing Cakes meticulously produced, pop-obsessed, genre-bending concoction, fans of Moby, Beck and The Flaming Lips might make for easy converts."
Blender,70,"'Pressure Chief' sees the California quartet merge their trademark post modern kitsch with something vaguely approaching proper singing and the results are, by and large, pretty favourable."
Alternative Press,56,"Although Pressure Chief isn't a bad album, several of its songs come off like b-side compliation fodder rather than a batch of fresh material."
Village Voice,40,"Only a handful of tracks -- including 'No Phone' and the surprisingly sweet 'She'll Hang the Baskets' -- push pleasure buttons like they ought to."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),40,"The hipster thrills are fading. [Oct 2004, p.116]"
The Guardian,20,"The perkiness and quirkiness are paper-thin. [Dec 2004, p.112]"

Rolling Stone,80,"Weird and catchy and unexpectedly funny. [11 Oct 2004]"
Q Magazine,80,"Equal parts heavenly aural relief and blood tripping, screaming noise."
The New York Times,80,"They've given up on ugliness for its own sake, trading it in for prettiness, which allows McCracken to rest his throat. [Oct 2004, p.128]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Both artier and more accessible. [1 Oct 2004, p.74]"
AllMusic,70,"Continues to straddle the line between street credibility and mainstream success."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"For the most part, it's standard shouty punk designed to appeal to white male American virgins... Yet, they surprise. [Dec 2004, p.147]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"The songwriting is all too callow at times, but McCracken's earnest moments suggest classic-rock romanticism rather than the cathartic self-pity of similarly worked-up young 'uns."
Playlouder,60,"Songs of self-abuse and suicide - and those are the sunnier moments - are wrapped in wailing riffs, big choruses and fiddly guitar solos."
cokemachineglow,50,"Though its heart is eventually lost amidst the guiding elements of the genre, the Used's In Love and Death does make some impressive moves away from those very same tenets, showing some welcome restraint and even some rocktastic energy."
Rolling Stone,40,"Self-loathing, self-pitying, self-centered, bad-tempered American rock. [6 Nov 2004, p.59]"

Blender,90,"In its musical muscle and sweeping, politically charged narrative, it's something of a masterpiece, and one of the few -- if not the only -- records of 2004 to convey what it feels like to live in the strange, bewildering America of the early 2000s."
Mojo,90,"It's exhilarating stuff, the kind of record that sets new parameters as to what is possible from a punk rock'n'roll band in the 21st century. [Oct 2004, p.106]"
The New York Times,89,"American Idiot is one of the most politically volatile albums to come out since the ascension of the Accidental President. It's also the best album of Green Day's 12-year career."
Drowned In Sound,86,"An energetic, musically ambitious pop-rock record that employs its expanded vistas in the service of animating punk's well-worn thematic underpinnings."
Blender,83,"There's still plenty of spunk in to be found in this Sgt. Pepper-lite."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"As often happens with concept albums, the disc tends to rely on lyrics over music, so some of the songs are forgettable. [24 Sep 2004, p.105]"
Billboard,80,"It is exactly what the band needs to boost itself to the next level of pop-punk prowess."
Q Magazine,80,"Not only does it contain Green Days finest songs (and choruses) to date... but it also scratches at the surface of political dissatisfaction with nails sharp enough to leave a nasty scar."
Rolling Stone,80,"A powerful work, noble in both intent and execution. [Nov 2004, p.110]"
The Guardian,80,"An onslaught of varied and marvellously good tunes presented in an unexpectedly inventive way. [18 Sep 2004, p.65]"
AllMusic,80,"This is the type of album impressionable teenagers fall in love with, crammed with melody and variety and thrill."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As pretentious a concept as that might seem, Green Day pulls it off brilliantly."
AllMusic,80,"There are several duff tracks, certainly. And, sure, as a whole 'American Idiot' can easily be criticised for its simplistic, occasionally nave sixth form lyrics, all round pomposity and general adherence to the group's tried and tested formula of punchy three-chord pogo-pop. But it's still a wonderfully entertaining, polemical punk rock record."
Mojo,79,"If the forced lyrical growth is a little stunted, its more than made up for by the bands newfound sonic ambitions."
Austin Chronicle,72,"For all its grandiosity, American Idiot keeps its mood and method deliberately, tenaciously, and angrily on point."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"American Idiot isn't so much meticulously crafted as it is unflinchingly audacious."
E! Online,70,"Against all odds, Green Day have found a way to hit their thirties without either betraying their original spirit or falling on their faces."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"As a rock opera, Idiot is a mostly three-penny thrill."
Billboard,70,"Fans will be relieved to know that although it pulls few lyrical punches, slam-dancing is still possible. [Nov 2004, p.119]"
Dot Music,70,"The observations don't always dig as deep as they're meant to, and buzzwords occasionally stand in for insights, but American Idiot finds Green Day both shaking up its formula and applying it in novel and unexpected ways."
Q Magazine,70,"Self-referential, unified, and insanely catchy, American Idiot's positives outweigh its clichd delivery and ironic medium for corporate America critique."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Green Day trumps any pretension with melody and sheer fervor."
Stylus Magazine,60,"American Idiot is a mess - but a vivid, splashy, even courageous mess."
Paste Magazine,60,"An album that doesnt sell us short on the pop hooks of albums past, but one that also delivers a healthy dose of politics to the mix without sounding like a six-legged clich-riddled embarrassment."
Playlouder,60,"Concept or not, American Idiot is still decent fodder for a mosh pit, a luagh and a sob session. [Nov 2004, p.136]"
cokemachineglow,58,"There's no economics, no race, hardly any compassion. Joe name-checks America as if his hometown of Berkeley was in the middle of it, then name-checks Jesus as if he's never met anyone who's attended church. And to lend his maunderings rock grandeur, he ties them together with devices that sunk under their own weight back when the Who invented them."

Pitchfork,80,"Outta Sight/Outta Mind is not an album that you can discuss in measured tones whilst tending to your beard. It is an album that will only cause mass hysteria and blood clots and burst forth Kundalini from the base of your spine like some auto-massage chair plugged into the wrong transformer while you holler wheeeeaaauurgh!! and finally slump down into a wet pile of exhaustion."
Splendid,70,"They are still greasy rock & rollers who know how to keep a party going. [Oct 2004, p.120]"
Rolling Stone,70,"A less full-tilt affair than their first effort... but no less fun. [Jul 2004, p.95]"
Village Voice,70,"A denim-clad, riff-heavy beast of a rock album. [Amazon UK]"
Uncut,60,"Halfway through... it becomes a directionless mess. [Jul 2004, p.113]"
The A.V. Club,40,"Much of the time they sound like a 1973 youth club rock band."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Their preoccupation with '70s British metal finds them wandering dangerously into gobilin-and-ghouls prog-rock territory. [5 Jun 2004, p.54]"
The New York Times,40,"Amount[s] to little more than a facsimile of their forefathers. [Nov 2004, p.149]"
The Guardian,40,"They seem like a garden-variety hard rock band, one that would have been generic and forgettable in 1974, and one that is generic and forgettable in 2004."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Part of me likes that the Datsuns are 100% serious about doing their own thing, regardless of what the scene demands, but when their 'thing' amounts to a heap of riffs leftover from the Carter administration, I can't get that excited."
Blender,40,"Their caveman take on 70s nostalgia-- simultaneously misguided and entirely too obvious-- renders them mostly forgettable and entirely ineffectual."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),30,"For people awaiting that second Jet album, this should prove a welcome distraction from their crayons. For the rest of us it's a look of bemusement and a scratched head."
Stylus Magazine,30,"As recently as last year it looked like The Datsuns might be next in line to make arena-sized, super-popular rock the way Zeppelin, AC/DC and G'n'R did. They still might, but it's going to take better songs than these."
Blender,25,"[The Datsuns] now sound unfit to carry the Donnas' jockstraps. [Oct 2004, p.120]"

Uncut,90,"Everybody Loves a Happy Ending is a polychromatic, sweeping collection of gorgeous guitar-pop gems, a clever and harmonious amusement park filled with fun rides listeners will want to board over and over."
Amazon.com,80,"Tears for Fears skirts the has-been trap impressively, translating years of experience into play-it-again, sophisticated modern pop worth paying attention to."
Q Magazine,80,"Rich in melody and mood, guitar and piano; it is more rock than pop."
The Guardian,80,"A guilty, gleeful indulgence. [May 2004, p.93]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Everybody Loves a Happy Ending will do little to convert those who winced at Orzabal and Smith's obtuse lyrics and over the top production the first time around, but loyal followers, fans of XTC's Apple Venus, Pt. 1, and lovers of intricately arranged and artfully executed pop music will find themselves delightfully consumed by this enigmatic group's final (?) chapter."
Alternative Press,70,"Happy Ending acquits itself nicely by offering a compelling blend of gigantic hooks, sugary-sweet melodies, and textured production."
AllMusic,60,"Has lingering '80s elements, with some pompous lyrics, laborious arrangements and long, drawn-out vowel sounds, yet it is also fresher and less strenuous than before. [Apr 2004, p.114]"
PopMatters,60,"All that's missing is the tunes - title track aside, the hummability factor is nil."
Pitchfork,50,"To put into context, its a damn sight less disappointing than the new Duran Duran folly, and over time even many of the lesser tracks begin to sink in to the psyche."
Dot Music,46,"In the end, this record is frustrating. [#9, p.111]"
Splendid,40,"It's a salient reminder of the wafer-thin line between art and pretentious bollocks. [May 2004, p.108]"
Spin,40,"This is what they came back for?"

Delusions of Adequacy,100,"It is music whose scope, erudition and vitriol makes everything else in this year of exceptional musical timidity seem puny. [Nov 2003, p.106]"
Amazon.com,93,"There seem to be enough ideas, stories, counter-melodies and references here for three albums worth of material - if for that reason alone, Hobo Sapiens ought to be one of the avant-pop templates for years to come."
Billboard,91,"An audacious marriage of restless experimentalism and eloquent melodic craft. [10 Sep 2004, p.165]"
Uncut,90,"Deep voiced, disquieting and bristling with intelligence, Hobo Sapiens is a reminder of how intoxicating an artist Cale can be. [Nov 2003, p.107]"
AllMusic,90,"There's an unwavering confidence and muscular focus behind the music that holds from start to finish."
PopMatters,90,"His most direct, energised and modernist work in years."
Mojo,90,"This is an astounding body of work--and definitely one of the years best."
The Guardian,90,"As complex, compelling, and at times unsettling a record as Cale has unleashed since 1982's Music For A New Society. [Oct 2003, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"This is the Welsh iconoclast at his most elegant, energetic, and innovative."
Filter,80,"Hobo Sapiens is a confident and consistently rewarding record, and some of its songs rank alongside Cale's best. [#236, p.56]"
Q Magazine,80,"A luxuriant union of black-ice electronics and chamber-pop instrumentation. [14 Oct 2004, p.98]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Instead of coming off as dilettantish, Cale instead sounds intrigued with how these new tools can enhance his music."
Uncut,80,"HoboSapiens is still dense and difficult for much of its running time, but the challenge comes from following the author through his many compositional twists rather than sitting through passages that drone on far too long."
Stylus Magazine,70,"He is clearly invigorated by the tensions between pretty and ugly, simplicity and chaos. [Nov 2004, p.130]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Like a Fellini movie, filled with rich textures and intriguing characters."
Q Magazine,65,"About half of it works reasonably well, though the end result is somehow closer to Low-era Bowie or Eno's Taking Tiger Mountain than anything truly contemporary or avant-garde."

ShakingThrough.net,80,"This is a determined little bastard of a record by a band in a bug-eyed, rhythmic sweat, who know its time to come out with their guns blazing."
The Guardian,75,"This is grade-A grade-B pop metal. [Oct 2004, p.120]"
Launch.com,70,"The new songs are thrashing hard rock that always pays attention to melody."
Mojo,60,"Almost every song features a skull-rattling groove and one or two darkly melodic hooks. [16 Sep 2004, p.79]"
AllMusic,60,"His band remains unsubtly one-dimensional... but Shaddix funnels a newfound sensitivity into gashing, coarsely melodic emo-metal that aches as much as it breaks. [Oct 2004, p.126]"
The Wire,58,"Too many of the [tracks] here lack depth. [3 Sep 2004, p.77]"
Rolling Stone,40,"With Getting Away With Murder, Papa Roach offer fans of this sound an appropriately hard punch in the face. But there's a hollow sound as the bones collapse, because all that's supporting it is expensive art direction and a big scaffold of clichs."
Billboard,30,"It seems Shaddix still writes most of his songs in purple ink in diaries with little locks on. [28 Aug 2004, p.56]"

PopMatters,100,"The album, impressive in its scope and sense of adventure, is a further reinvention in Bjrk's already massive discography."
Blender,100,"Medulla may divide Bjrk's audience, but, combining intellectual rigour and sensual ravishment, it is brave and unique."
Paste Magazine,100,"One of her best efforts. [10 Sep 2004, p.161]"
Pitchfork,91,"Fans of the Icelandic wonder's more orchestral tunes might think there's something missing here. Well, unless they're too busy being totally blown away."
Dot Music,90,"Though hardly Bjrk's most pronounced statement, Medlla is definitely a highlight of her already illustrious career."
Spin,90,"To me, Medulla is an experiment in transforming the primal power of the human voice into a 21st century context. It's an amazing effort, and it's one of the best albums of the year."
The New York Times,90,"Bjrk weaves into Medlla a palpable longing for a simpler world--a world predating smart bombs and collapsing towers, a world in which life revolved around the expressive raising of ones voice, both solitarily and in concert with others."
Rolling Stone,90,"Bjrk has transcended any pop plinth she may (incorrectly) have been placed upon, to become, probably, our greatest contemporary female vocalist since Diamanda Galas."
Blender,90,"No matter how the sounds are made, it is with captivatingly sincere intent that they are never boring and, above all, always enjoyable."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The ice from Vespertine has melted, and Bjork's voice sounds reborn like a phoenix from the flame. [#7]"
AllMusic,90,"Especially when heard on headphones, Medulla is an overwhelming sonic bliss-out, Phil Spectors wall of sound channeled through the voice box."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Bjorks great achievement with Medulla is in taking a self-imposed limitation and managing to craft a full-bodied, multilayered work from such a basic toolset."
Junkmedia,90,"The question is not whether Medlla is brilliant; insofar as this can be objectively asserted, it most certainly is. The question is really, Do you like Bjrk? Do you like her a lot? Obviously, a Bjrk a capella album is going to be lost on you if you never really liked her vocal style in the first place."
The Guardian,88,"The luminosity of her performance counters the album's tendency toward dry formalism. [5 Sep 2004]"
Entertainment Weekly,85,"Bjrk shrouds Medlla in mystery and darkness, but it's far from gloomy."
E! Online,84,"It continues Bjrk's run of releases that sound nothing like their predecessors, yet is, as ever, particular to her."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"It's no mere gimmick. [Oct 2004, p.111]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Doubtless the closest she'll ever come to letting you dance in the madfields of her mind with her. [#12, p.94]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Will frustrate as many fans as it enchants."
Playlouder,80,"The most challenging work of Bjrk's career."
Flak Magazine,80,"Those who are up for the challenge will find much to admire."
Under The Radar,80,"Where 2001's Vespertine was erotic, Medulla is reflexive and awestruck."
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"While the album might seem to be a conceptual stunt, it finds gorgeous and startling new ways to extend Bjork's longtime mission: merging the earthy and the ethereal. [29 Aug 2004]"
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Everything, you suspect, that people hate about Bjrk is multiplied a thousandfold here. But by the same measure, to her fans, Medulla is an intimate, ecstatic wonder."
Splendid,80,"This disc may have a wilder sense of love-and-adventure about it, and may offer the thrills of an unpredictable ride, but, in its capriciousness and incongruousness, the thing Medulla rarely feels like is an album."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Bits of Medulla sound similar to Vespertine, but theres a marked distinction in the means of delivery and enough change to keep things interesting."
Lost At Sea,80,"[A] powerful statement. [Oct 2004, p.101]"
Pitchfork,80,"Once its novelty factor fades, Medulla settles down as a stirring, nuanced album that takes a while to take hold."
Spin,80,"A notch below the genius of 'Debut' or 'Homogenic' but precious nonetheless. [4 Sep 2004, p.73]"
Filter,80,"Not only the bravest record she's ever made, it's also one of the strangest and most uncompromising by a major artist to get a commercial release. [Sep 2004, p.93]"
PopMatters,80,"This record is so far beyond anything that she has done in the past that it is absolutely certain to alienate the majority of the listening public and more than a few of her fans."
AllMusic,77,"A fractured LP, compelling and convincing in its intent, but just plain less satisfying than Vespertine or Post."
Billboard,70,"It's conceptually daring, but beyond a few ecstatic moments... the sound is familiarly Bjorkish. [Oct 2004, p.113]"
Village Voice,70,"Possibly the most daring record she's ever made... [but] Medulla is not a complete success.  [#247, p.53]"
The New York Times,70,"The few electronic beats and textures are deft, discreet soundbeds for the lush intimacies of the vocals, which slip from soothing to strident. [Oct 2004, p.120]"
Dot Music,70,"Both the most extreme record Bjork has ever released and the most immediately accesible. [16 Sep 2004, p.79]"
Neumu.net,70,"Without a doubt the most challenging collection of music she has ever released."
No Ripcord,70,"The replay moments on Medulla are the tracks where Bjork reconnects with perennial producer Mark Bell. [#8, p.78]"
Urb,40,"All in all, though, Medlla is far too busy. Even when you're experimenting, the less-is-more rule still applies."

The A.V. Club,91,"[Scott's] aching redemption songs and seething revenge tirades give the album a sharp contemporary edge. [10 Sep 2004, p.165]"
New Musical Express (NME),67,"All of this vitriol, however, tears away at the more palatable hooks found in past Saliva hits, which isn't necessarily a good thing."
Mojo,60,"The Memphis five-piece sometimes lacks a definitive sound... Yet the band excels at its straightforward, meat-and-potatoes sound."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Panders to unimaginative industry and genre posturing."
cokemachineglow,42,"This album would be better without Scott screaming about absolute nonsense. [Sep 2004, p.119]"
Blender,40,"Here, [Saliva] temper their mid-tempo crunch with '80s-metal guitar heroics and Southern-rock fundamentalism. [Sep 2004, p.141]"

The Wire,100,"Terrifically thorough. [Nov 2004, p.131]"
Q Magazine,100,"Captures the punk attitude, brittle R&B vamps, and quirky lyrical trips of their early years. [20/27 Aug 2004, p.123]"
Rolling Stone,94,"A caterwauling hunk of avant-garde precision."
Amazon.com,94,"The second disc... is the sound of a band at the height of its powers, employing a ten-piece band and backup singers, and exhibiting an absolute mastery of its material."
Planet,92,"The result is both the best career-spanning snapshot of and single-purchase introduction to Talking Heads-- odd accolades for a live record-- and a treat for longtime fans."
Austin Chronicle,90,"The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads is not only a vital document of an important, groundbreaking band on their way up, it's one of their best albums, easily surpassing Stop Making Sense."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"A terrific and long-overdue reissue that's sure to satiate established fans as well as the new converts it hopes to earn."
E! Online,80,"It's too taxing for the less intense of the band's admirers. [Nov 2004, p.127]"
Billboard,80,"In the 1977-79 half of Name, nearly every song beats the studio version. But the 1980-81 disc is the prize, as the Heads take their lofty concepts to the stage with a ten-piece band. [2 Sep 2004, p.147]"
AllMusic,80,"This is no cynical cash-in; every new track adds gestalt to an album which in its original incarnation was pretty damn great to begin with."
Spin,80,"The momentous band [on the 1980-81 disc] stretches out and jams, both celebrating and escaping the band's trademark anxiety. [Sep 2004, p.158]"

Blender,100,"Alt-rock blues darker and scarier than Jon Spencer or even Jack White ever imagined. [24 Dec 2004, p.66]"
Uncut,90,"It's a distillation of the singer's subtly different moods and modes, a cohesive and comprehensive work that stands as the most representative look yet at his musical persona."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"His most compelling, not to mention complete, work to date."
cokemachineglow,90,"Bubblegum is a blues record, a powerfully original reinterpretation of the genre."
ShakingThrough.net,90,"Lanegan's lyrics are poetic, well thought out and devastatingly honest, making this more a serious artistic account than some braggadocio bullshit. And then add to that the fact the music is just fantastic."
Pitchfork,90,"It will undoubtedly top some end of year lists this Christmas."
AllMusic,88,"An album that seethes and rocks with real energy and depth. [22 Aug 2004]"
Splendid,88,"It takes willpower and endurance to swim down these dark, dimly lit streams of misery. Even as a listener. [#11, p.98]"
Mojo,83,"Gruff stuff... A few rockers lighten the load, but not by much. [Sep 2004, p.120]"
Rolling Stone,80,"A record filled with such emotional scope and range that it's tailor-made to showcase Lanegan's world weary roar. [24 Jul 2004, p.47]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"The dank emotional caverns of Bubblegum offer some territory well worth exploring for the strong-willed."
Blender,80,"Lanegan has finally produced his long-threatened masterpiece. [Oct 2004, p.125]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It is hardly user-friendly, but Bubblegum is too good an album to languish in the margins. There is something thrilling in its unpredictable lurches between darkness and light, noise and melody. In every sense, Bubblegum is a staggering record."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Shows [Lanegan] to be more alive and more vital than ever. [Sep 2004, p.121]"
Splendid,80,"It's a departure from previous Lanegan solo LPs... This time, Lanegan is looser, open to both experimentation and, once more, full-on rock. [Sep 2004, p.96]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"While the guests push and pull Lanegan in different directions, Bubblegum's songs never lose him in the translation."
Playlouder,80,"It's the feeling of almost imperceptible menace that makes Bubblegum so unsettling. [Aug 2004, p.84]"
Dot Music,80,"It is, to be frank, one of the most remarkable and forward-looking rock albums that you will hear all year, and testament to Lanegans ability to take desolate lyrics and fashion beautiful, redemptive tunes around them."
Los Angeles Times,80,"In the end, the albums rather limited scope is justified by the masterful detail with which it is rendered, granting the listener limited entry to a place most of us wouldnt want to stay long."
Filter,73,"If you like blues-oriented rock from a man who can pour out his soul like Robert Pollard's bartender pours Bud Lite, then, by all means, give Bubblegum a try."
Spin,72,"The seamy din generated by this revolving ensemble provides a well-matched backdrop for the relentless parade of petty violence, drug deals gone sour, and squalid love affairs portrayed in these songs."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"A tad more abrasive and rocking than the late-night blooze of Whiskey For the Holy Ghost and Scraps at Midnight, Bubblegum should appeal to fans of great songwriting."
AllMusic,60,"It's a deathfest of sound and fury, quietly melancholy and fiercely apocalyptic. But it's a tale that grows wearier with every listen. [Sep 2004, p.122]"

Blender,90,"Tyrannosaurus Hives lacks its predecessor's cohesive vision, but it finds the band in excellent form, exploring universes beyond their own. One of the year's best."
The Guardian,90,"Tyrannosaurus Hives might be a little more complex and polished than the Hives' earlier work, but it's not overthought at all; even though they've evolved, they know how to keep it simple, stupid."
Q Magazine,90,"They have clearly mastered their craft, and have begun to push it beyond its boundaries without betraying its punk ethic."
Uncut,90,"The songs still fly by, but they leave an even deeper impression, and the musical palette has expanded considerably."
The A.V. Club,80,"Thirty minutes of chugging and howling, you go from one killer riff to another with barely a millisecond to recover. [17 Jul 2004, p.46]"
Mojo,80,"The Hives aren't mere jokers, because they mix their novelty-band brio with the genuine anger and disgust of punk rock. [Aug 2004, p.126]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"It is the best parts of a bar brawl, a naked Twister party and a street race in one cumulative package. [Sep 2004, p.117]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The Hives propulsive, polyrhythmic outbursts are so packed with hooks and catchy choruses that you cant help but overlook the schtick and give in to the raucous delight."
cokemachineglow,80,"Tyrannosaurus Hives has hit garage rock's heart like a huge syringe of adrenaline, and even if it doesn't awaken the hibernating beast, its furious tempest is a blinding final gasp for a genre that has repeatedly rewarded mediocrity."
Pitchfork,80,"An adrenaline rush of an album that firmly cements their status as one of rock's most exciting new acts."
PopMatters,78,"The maniacal conviction with which the Hives tear nonsensical pop songs to shreds on Tyrannosaurus is no shuck 'n' jive."
Alternative Press,75,"While the energy never fails, the themes and melodies feel commonplace at times. [18 Jul 2004]"
PopMatters,75,"It's not as hands-down great as the Swedes' last (Veni Vidi Vicious), and a handful of tracks are too-short bursts of energy that only leave you wanting more. But when the band gets rolling with tracks such as 'Walk Idiot Walk,' there's no stopping it."
AllMusic,70,"Although pretty catchy, this album is a tad too monotonous."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Tyrannosaurus Hives is so tight and efficient, it makes Veni Vidi Vicious sound almost like it came from a jam band."
The A.V. Club,70,"'Tyrannosaurus Hives' is a good record, but one best dipped into rather than listened to in one go."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The Hives' immediacy and tactfully constructed chaos ensures that the last three songs are just as good as the first three. [#7]"
Blender,70,"A razor sharp updating of previous themes. [Aug 2004, p.98]"
Alternative Press,70,"The fastidiously rehearsed dementia is better sustained than on Your New Favourite Band. [Aug 2004, p.91]"
Drawer B,67,"Too many tracks amount to herky-jerky guitar parts stapled together with power but not as much precision. [23 Jul 2004, p.76]"
Splendid,62,"Tyrannosaurus Hives should add up to more than simply a tighter record with gaudier production values. That it doesn't could spell trouble for a band eager to avoid being sent back down to the minor leagues."
Flak Magazine,60,"Even more so than the White Stripes, the Hives have an aesthetic so rigidly codified that it becomes a straitjacket."
Austin Chronicle,60,"An intermittently potent album that feels unlikely to etch itself too deeply onto the world. [Aug 2004, p.104]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"In the end, we cant ignore that The Hives best moments are those borrowed (or just plain pilfered) from punk acts that preceded them."

E! Online,82,"Each song on The Spine is characteristically intelligent, observant, and poppy as all hell. [#11, p.94]"
Playlouder,80,"It goes a long way in showing how the band continues to be relevant, even vital, in a scene that chews up and spits out bands with ferocious speed."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Johns (Linnell and Flansburgh) are firing on all cylinders here, wrapping their suitably obscure and sometimes ethereal humor in the most capable songwriting of their careers."
Dot Music,60,"Nothing on The Spine drills into your cerebral cortex and demands to be whistled on public transport like earlier hits, but the tunes are agreeable enough. [Aug 2004, p.99]"
Under The Radar,60,"Too often... their ideas are dead ends. [Aug 2004, p.140]"
Mojo,60,"Another solid addition to the Giants' catalogue, but as with their last few records, it doesn't seem likey they put their back into it. [#7]"
Uncut,60,"Even if The Spine is decidedly uneven, it still has enough good songs to please diehard fans and keep them around for the next album."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Solid, if unspectacular."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"They might not be as manic and frantic... But The Spine rocks without any loss of wit or melody."
The Guardian,60,"Alas, for all its genuine charm and the way the two Johns genre-hop without leaving footprints, The Spine lacks the spark of true greatness. [Aug 2004, p.119]"
Q Magazine,53,"Not a bad album, yet contains too many mediocre tracks to be comforting."
Stylus Magazine,50,"At least 40 per cent of 'The Spine' is really rather charming. [3 Jul 2004, p.65]"
Filter,50,"For most of The Spine, They Might Be Giants hammers its quirks into predictable shapes, mistaking catchy for listenable ('Prevenge'), layering on effects to bolster the dull ('Bastard Wants To Hit Me'), and generally delivering what's expected."
PopMatters,40,"'It's Kickin' In' sounds like Linnell doing karaoke over a failed garage rock single, and most of the rest sounds like, well, Fountains of Wayne."
Splendid,20,"Every now and again they hit on a promising musical idea, then ruin it."

Mojo,90,"Strikes a near-perfect balance between the various facets of the band's history."
Blender,90,"This is a thrilling album, one that contains an extremity of sound and emotion that's unlikely to be matched by anyone else this year. [Album of the Month, Aug 2004, p.90]"
Under The Radar,80,"This is a much better effort than anything they've done in quite some time."
AllMusic,80,"It's not a perfect record, but 'The Cure' does achieve something quite remarkable and unexpected. It leaves you looking forward to their next one."
Junkmedia,80,"The new album is their most adventurous and passionate since Disintegration."
Rolling Stone,80,"There are entirely too many nods to the past for this album to be a fresh start, yet it refuses to slip comfortably into place in their catalogue."
Q Magazine,80,"Startling from the first listen... the band are heavier, more menacing, more rhythmic than ever. [19 Jun 2004, p.55]"
Pitchfork,80,"Keep giving it a whirl though and it becomes something rather exquisite."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"Brighter than Bloodflowers, denser than Wish, The Cure presents Smith as a wild-haired sorcerer's apprentice, conducting another mad symphony of infatuation and angst."
The A.V. Club,77,"Invoking Disintegration is ridiculous, but The Cure is remarkably more thrilling a listen than the band's most recent guitar-heavy predecessors."
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"Strangely timid in both its production choices and songwriting. [#11, p.92]"
The Guardian,75,"The lyric invention of past Cure albums is missing, but the pop transcendence emerges in fits."
The Guardian,75,"It's hard to imagine a set of songs that better reflects every phase the group has navigated through its turbulent career."
Uncut,75,"If The Cure feels like a recapitulation of the band's career, it's because they've recorded songs very much like these before. [Aug 2004, p.103]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"As with Prince on Musicology, Smith allows the Cure's current lineup to become his own tribute band. [9 Jul 2004, p.86]"
Dot Music,70,"If approached with a substantial amount of skepticism and wariness, The Cure is not a complete disappointment. In fact, it's often surprisingly good and sometimes even great."
Rolling Stone,70,"Not the fresh start the band truly needed, The Cure at least succeeds in validating the current lineup of the band, as it is a compelling reminder of what made the Cure so great for so long."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Some of its most appealing material in recent memory."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The recorded-live-by-candlelight performances documented herein aren't short on the kind of clamorous foreboding and twisted pop nous a fan of Disintegration or The Head On The Door might hope for. [Aug 2004, p.87]"
Playlouder,60,"Nothing on The Cure really soars."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Much of The Cure slogs along at the same churning, monotonous pace, and Smith, rambling in a croak-shout variation of his normal singing voice, does the material few favors."
Pitchfork,60,"This is The Cure sounding a lot like The Cure. Never a bad thing, just a familiar one. [Aug 2004, p.107]"
Filter,60,"The Cure have become journeymen, for better and worse, turning out well-crafted music that's easy to enjoy yet not all that compelling either."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Cure fans are certainly used to Smiths voice being high in the mix, but on this record it can be overwhelming and stifling."
E! Online,40,"They come off more than ever like a caricature. [Aug 2004, p.130]"

Spin,80,"Leaning closer towards the fiercer end of the guitar spectrum, 'Mol' is a splurge of intense and angry songs, a reaction to the filthy Bush era."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"With Mol, Jourgensen has mobilized the fatalism and fury that always rumbled through industrial and thrash music, and left everything else in the staging area."
Flak Magazine,80,"One of the band's mightiest and most consistent records."
PopMatters,80,"It's as enlightened and as interesting as Ministry has been in years."
Billboard,78,"Houses of the Mol is signed, sealed, and delivered so powerfully that one can overlook the fact that it's basically Psalm 69 or The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste Part II."
Mojo,70,"As nihilistic and hostile as ever."
The A.V. Club,40,"It's [an album] whose tricks... we've heard done before. [Aug 2004, p.115]"

ShakingThrough.net,100,"To the 5 Boroughs is an exciting, astonishing balancing act: fast, funny and sobering."
Q Magazine,100,"Picking highlights from a release so well executed and downright ass-shaking is difficult.... 'To The 5 Boroughs' is a triumph."
AllMusic,90,"The best album the Beasties have put out since Paul's Boutique."
Drawer B,88,"Boroughs' greatest strength is its aural cohesiveness, fueled by a litany of Golden Age samples... and the heavy, often dark, bass-driven soundscapes. [#11, p.90]"
Blender,83,"The beats... are simple and effective, with a welcome lack of distracting bells and whistles that made Hello Nasty feel overstuffed. [18 Jun 2004, p.83]"
Playlouder,80,"Like Missy Elliott, the Beasties are reimagining hip-hop--what it was, what it is, what it can be. [12 Jun 2004, p.47]"
AllMusic,80,"Signals something of a rebirth of their signature creativity. [Jul/Aug 2004, p.123]"
PopMatters,80,"The music is strikingly minimal throughout, the emphasis is firmly on The Word and the Beastie Boys have plenty left to say. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Splendid,80,"If there are no classics here, there's no duds, either, and given that the Beasties' pop culture aesthetic once seemed to be the territory of young men, it's rather impressive that they're maturing gracefully, turning into expert craftsmen that can deliver a satisfying listen like this."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Boroughs unabashedly travels backward, but like Missy Elliott's similarly retro-minded Under Construction, it's so joyful that it makes regression feel progressive and growth overrated."
Billboard,79,"Unlike all previous Beastie Boys albums (with the possible exception of Licensed to Ill), To The 5 Boroughs sounds homogenous and singular in purpose-- dark, steel, and dirty like that incomplete Times Square station."
Q Magazine,67,"Fun, but hardly fresh."
Rolling Stone,65,"In all honesty, it's not the sentiment that bothers this reviewer. Rather, it's the insertion of the sentiment into what should have ostensibly been a light-hearted romp, a fun return to their days of old."
Playlouder,60,"This formula wears thin over the 15 cuts here. [#27, p.137]"
PopMatters,60,"The Beastie Boys have always been at their best when gleefully rhyming and stealing from a variety of sources--both musically and lyrically--and the self-imposed adherence to hip hop traditionalism here, and indeed musically on the album as a whole, rather subdues their famously free-form sonic palette. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Filter,60,"Most of Boroughs feels like they're sampling themselves. [Aug 2004, p.120]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"To the 5 Boroughs is continuously distracted from its titular dedication by political concerns, severely dampening not only its replay factor but also proving to be the least fun album the normally surefire trio has made."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Imagine 'Hello Nasty' if it had entirely consisted of 'Three MCs And One DJ' and you're close to understanding exactly how 'To The 5 Boroughs' sounds."
Urb,60,"The tracks crackle and swing with a wit that the lyrics rarely match."
Uncut,60,"The beats bounce along happily enough... but the stripped-down sound focuses attention on the anti-Bush lyrics, and that proves to be the album's undoing."
AllMusic,50,"The lyrics on To The 5 Boroughs are, with a few exceptions, a dismal failure."
The A.V. Club,50,"They sound old. They sound past it. They sound, and this is one word that nobody would have ever thought could be used to describe the Beasties, irrelevant."
Pitchfork,40,"Mostly they just sound dated and out of it."
E! Online,35,"Part of the fun of the Beastie Boys is knowing that they're fucking with the rhymes and you; another part is knowing that they give a fuck about what's happening in the world. Those two things don't always work well together, though, especially when they say something watered down and deliver it as though they don't buy it either."
RapReviews.com,30,"The Beasties of 5 Boroughs seem scared--reluctant to innovate; serving up nonsense lyrics and numbing production that are just plain lazy... sensing that there's nowhere to go but down, so better to establish a passable holding pattern than risk an inexcusable backslide toward irrelevance."

Blender,100,"Great by Smith's standards. Practically genius by everybody else's. [Feb 2004, p.74]"
Q Magazine,91,"An atavistic orgy of recycled riffs and lifelong obsessions. [Sep 2004, p.120]"
Alternative Press,90,"This is the sound, throughout, of a remarkable institution doing all the things they do best and sounding as alive as they ever have."
ShakingThrough.net,90,"It's as good as anything in this group's monstrous catalogue. [Dec 2003, p.120]"
Dot Music,90,"It's brilliant."
The New York Times,90,"What sets The Real New Fall LP apart, however, is the consistency of its greatness. Every Fall album has had a bum track or two since 1984, but this new record really doesnt."
The Guardian,82,"A crisp-sounding, very coherent, vocally comprehensible collation of shapely, spirited power-pop-punk nuggets. [#11, p.93]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The Real New Fall LP is as solid and interesting as anything the group has released in the last ten years."
Stylus Magazine,80,"So while not breaking new ground -- a near impossible expectation given the amount of ground The Fall has already broken -- The Real New Fall LP is a strong indication that Mark E. Smith is nowhere near finished."
Austin Chronicle,80,"What makes Real New real good is that it's got more of the really good shit."
Neumu.net,80,"Making up for some momentum lost last time out, The Real New Fall L.P. gives the faithful another reason to believe."
Village Voice,80,"Incomprehensible but irresistible."
Uncut,80,"Ideally [Fall records will] feature two things: semi-incomprehensible (yet strangely prophetic) ramblings from the eternally tetchy Mark E. Smith, and a band who sound as if their music is perpetually falling down the stairs. The Real New Fall LP delivers on both counts. To much rejoicing."
Spin,80,"Positively stomps and bristles, with Smith and his band summoning up the type of chutzpah not normally found in middle age."
Playlouder,80,"If the Fall... have not just released their best record in a decade, they have certainly released a more consistent and accessible one, just in time for the tail-end of the post-punk renaissance."
Mojo,80,"The Fall rock with scalding fury, as if it were 1981 again. [Aug 2004, p.116]"
ShakingThrough.net,79,"as brittle, volatile and consistently riveting as any band out there, and even though no one could possibly take Smith seriously anymore, it insinuates that there's still enough justification here to warrant following The Fall's devious discography into one more decade."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"A welcome return to form. [Jan 2004, p.114]"
Filter,70,"The years are beginning to show on Smith, especially on the opener, 'Green Eyed Locoman,' but his backing band hasn't sounded this energetic and enthusiastic in years."
Splendid,70,"As with just about every Fall release ever, the compressed sound and abandonment of melody makes it hard to distinguish one song from the next. As a result, the tauter material is the best."
Neumu.net,60,"The mood is unsettling, exhausted and energetic at the same time. [Oct 2004, p.120]"

Village Voice,91,"The Killers sound like a delicious puree of Blur, Pulp and the Cure, loading Hot Fuss with stylish synth-pop effects and big blazing choruses."
AllMusic,90,"Hot Fuss is a multi-faceted, consistently interesting and enjoyable synth-rock album with strengths across the songwriting, singing, and playing fields."
The Guardian,90,"What's apparent from playing this album is that almost everything they've got is a killer single."
Stylus Magazine,80,"They're not the first--or even the fifteenth--recent band to draw on that era [of the 1980s], but they're among the most assured. [#27, p.138]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The band only falter on Fuss' slower, boring numbers, which consistently lack the zest and vibrancy of their uptempo counterparts. [Jul 2004, p.146]"
PopMatters,80,"In less capable hands the results could be unsophisticated and cringeworthy - as it is, they team the neon luminosity of Duran Duran with the camp, boyish charm of Dexys Midnight Runners - and are as likeable as either of them."
Alternative Press,80,"Wait a minute... you mean this isn't a Duran Duran album?"
Pitchfork,70,"The Rapture are artier, and Franz Ferdinand are more, well, Scottish, but this Las Vegas band has actual pop songs -- in spades."
Q Magazine,70,"The Killers have made half of the album of the year. Lucky that now we've got Napster, you only need to buy half. [5 Jun 2004, p.55]"
Junkmedia,70,"This albums appeal is so superficial that those who dont cotton to guys trying to look pretty while the bombs drop should avoid this entirely."
The A.V. Club,60,"Most of Hot Fuss slides by without creating much of a stir, but it's got too many memorable moments to be written off."
Blender,60,"Things go awry in places... but somewhere in a parallel universe Molly Ringwald is running down a high school corridor to the sound of The Killers. [Jul 2004, p.116]"
E! Online,60,"Shimmery, metallic and fairly unspectacular city boy rock. [#7]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It's hard to deny the sparkle and fade of Depeche Mode beats and the sensual allure of Duran Duran. After 25 years, those sounds still hold up; by 2004, however, it's an incredible task to pull this kind of thing off without selling yourself to the tastes of the masses."
Playlouder,60,"Brandon Flowers has a horrible, honking seal bark of a voice.... Faced with this significant disadvantage, The Killers have cannily crafted a wall-of-sound songwriting style so bombastic it almost suits Flowers' sledgehammer vocals."
Blender,52,"So, it's plain that The Killers have made a record more concerned with artifice than artistry. If the intent is to place their album's principal teases on the next Now That's What I Call Music compilation, then bravo."
Alternative Press,50,"What's most shocking about Hot Fuss, though, is how, after five sensational songs, the rest of the album completely implodes, as the other six tracks get weighed down by too much production, a lack of memorable hooks, and some inexplicable musical touches that may have sounded clever in the studio, but wind up sounding disastrous on the CD."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Isn't it a little too early for a Strokes tribute band? [18 Jun 2004, p.86]"
Launch.com,50,"Despite the frigid bore of the album's latter half, the initial grandiosity of the songwriting and vocals make it possible that the Killers can avoid the bleak fate shared by other new wave gimmick acts."
Rolling Stone,40,"Modish but strangely clinical. [Aug 2004, p.94]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"Nurse is the closest to creating a landmark on parallel with Daydream Nation theyve come since that particular record's nameday in 88, and in its dense textures it maybe signals the extinction of the antediluvian No Wave idyll; a Robert Zimmerman trip that somehow got mixed up with Joni Mitchell, Black Flag and a conceptualist oddball."
Stylus Magazine,100,"Sonic Nurse could be the best guitar rock album since, well, Murray St."
The A.V. Club,91,"This unusually songful set is well up among their late good ones, its dissonances a lingua franca deployed less atmospherically than has been their recent practice."
Q Magazine,91,"No big revelations, but plenty of rewards. [11 Jun 2004, p.123]"
Under The Radar,90,"A gorgeous, bona fide gem. [#11, p.92]"
AllMusic,89,"Every song but one falls fully developed in the five- to seven-minute ballpark, brimming with enough dissonant wizardry, smart vocal imagery, and tonal shades of rock to fly the freak flag like no aging rockers ever have."
Dot Music,85,"While Sonic Nurse isn't quite as strong as its predecessor, it's equally as imbued with instrumental dexterity and impressively coherent ideas."
Pitchfork,80,"If 1992's Dirty caught the grunge zeitgeist, Nurse might capture something of indie rock's recent taste for emotional epics. [#7]"
PopMatters,80,"On the whole, Sonic Nurse compiles a laid-back hour of elaborate plucking and rhythm from five veteran musicians who reserve musical violence and poetic anger for when it feels most appropriate."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The krang of albums past seems more an afterthought as the band explores the natural textures of layered guitar and lumbering bass tracks."
Trouser Press,80,"Their most songful release since the major-label hellos Goo and Dirty, and by most standards their best since 1988's pivotal Daydream Nation. [#27, p.144]"
Uncut,80,"Sonic Nurse finds them embracing and sifting through the finer moments of their past over the course of 10 outstanding tracks."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Sonic Nurse, if not proof of a band bursting with fresh ideas, is at least fresh-sounding."
No Ripcord,80,"Percolates the same melancholy satisfaction and nervous maturity, entropy and growth, in and out--but with an urgency and impulsiveness that risks upsetting the balance."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"All told, this album is probably the band's best balance of pop melodies and avant-leaning structures since Washing Machine; even if it doesn't rank among their most ambitious work, Sonic Nurse sounds like the kind of album Sonic Youth should be making at this point in their career."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"What emerges is Sonic Youth at complete ease with themselves and their music, operating simultaneously at the peak of their powers and with a powerful, audacious restraint."
Filter,80,"Sonic Nurse is the happy medium they've been craving. The songs, despite being mostly over five minutes long, are all to the point without feeling meandering.... The balance between noise and melody is right, with each emerging and vanishing at just the right point."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The Youth sound rejuvenated. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Pitchfork,75,"This ain't another Daydream Nation, but Nurse is a good cure for what ails the airwaves."
Under The Radar,70,"It's [Kim] Gordon's tracks that make the strongest impact."
The A.V. Club,70,"Finds them revelling in bursts of noise and awkwardness, but more surprisingly perhaps, taking as much comfort in sweet melody. [Jul 2004, p.124]"
Junkmedia,70,"Sounds like a brilliant album by a lesser band. [5 Jun 2004, p.57]"
Blender,70,"Whilst Moores meandering stops Sonic Nurse from going that much needed extra mile, Kim Gordon and Lee Ranaldo are on reassuringly good form."
PopMatters,70,"The guitar feedback... hasn't vanished, yet this is Sonic Youth's most accessible album since 1992's Dirty. [24 Jun 2004, p.175]"
Stylus Magazine,67,"A strangely enervated Sonic Youth record, one that exchanges Murray Street's golden-years vigor for a sad sense of duty. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Village Voice,60,"Sonic Nurse neither disappoints nor surpasses expectations."
AllMusic,60,"Sonic Nurse is better than 90 percent of new rock, but with younger combos like Lightning Bolt and Liars stealing their thunder, these well-meaning vets come off as old and in the way. [Jul 2004, p.134]"
Dot Music,60,"A better-than-average Sonic Youth album. [#64, p.106]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Lacks the standout tracks of its predecessors."
Uncut,60,"The emphasis this time around is on poppier melodies, but for all its attention to song form, Sonic Nurse feels more like a collection of exercises than a cohesive album. [#244, p.63]"
E! Online,60,"Sonic Nurse is not... a classic rock record. And it's not a classic Sonic Youth record. It's an excursion, into corners weird and corners familiar. [Jun 2004, p.100]"
ShakingThrough.net,40,"A fairly average jaunt into familiar indie rock territory."

Q Magazine,100,"From the start, she's made an ideal record for people who already like her."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"''Uh Huh Her'' reasserts that Harvey, now the grande dame of this genre, remains unrivaled."
Delusions of Adequacy,100,"It's a near-perfect piece of art, a level of accomplishment Harvey achieves with amazing consistency."
Rolling Stone,100,"Polly Harveys contradictory sure, but the complexities of her character and where she is right now are expressed with an honesty and intensity few artists can ever even begin to think about mustering."
Spin,90,"Once you get acclimatized to the torturous messages and the dynamic, diverse musical accompaniment shifts from song to song, it becomes obvious that Uh Huh Her is one of Harvey's most rewarding albums."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"This album sounds in many ways like an amalgamation of her previous work."
Alternative Press,83,"Rather than coming across as an unfriendly piece of self-indulgence--which may or may not have been the intention--her latest CD is quietly captivating."
Magnet,83,"The rubbed-rawness of Uh Huh Her might seem like backpedaling. But the best tracks use the pleasure principles of Stories to update her old approach. [Jun 2004, p.101]"
The Guardian,82,"But if Uh Huh Her doesn't rise to the level of Harvey's best work, it does possess a grim, unvarnished beauty; a beauty that, while it might repel a few of the fans she gained with Stories, capably rewards devotees of her earlier, unburnished and uncompromising works."
The Wire,80,"Often reaches back to the unfettered rawness and earthy seduction of earlier albums like Dry. [Aug 2004, p.116]"
Mojo,80,"I hate to say it, but she might have finally overextended her ambition, resulting in an uneven, discomfiting album."
Splendid,80,"Perhaps the most nuanced album in PJ Harvey's body of work, Uh Huh Her balances her bold and vulnerable moments, but remains vital."
Logo,80,"PJ Harvey can still pack a resonant, emotional wallop, even when the recording is devoid of frills."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's truly intriguing in the way PJ albums haven't been since the commanding 'To Bring You My Love' back in 1995."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Uh Huh Her is as discrete--and ravishing--as her other works."
Playlouder,80,"When Harvey stretches herself things really become interesting. [Jun 2004, p.100]"
Neumu.net,76,"If you take it as a whole, Uh Huh Her is deeply engrossing: Harvey has never explored the minimal-verging-on-primitive side of her music so thoroughly, or captured so exactly the sound of a mood swing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It is a short disc (41 minutes), and not an entirely satisfying one: instead of stories and characters, we get a series of gestures, a few false starts, pockets full of poses. This is an album of shards, then. But they're sharp. [7 June 2004]"
E! Online,70,"It's hard to deny the emotional weight and beauty of Polly's personal, if comparatively uncommercial, sixth album. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Spin,70,"Harvey doesn't brandish many new moves here."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"The single-mindedness with which she approaches these songs is ultimately responsible for much of the album's distinctive flavor. [#7]"
Alternative Press,70,"At times, it's almost too tasteful a refinement of her work.... Yet there are some fabulous moments from both sides of Harvey's brain. [Jun 2004, p.100]"
Stylus Magazine,67,"Uh Huh Her is a lesson in contentment, anger, disappointment, independence  seductive psychosis."
AllMusic,60,"For an album almost four years in the making, it's frustratingly half-finished, like a series of preliminary sketches. [#27, p.142]"
PopMatters,60,"Her varied approach yields varied results: Sometimes the disc sounds like a mature summing up of previous work; at other times, it sounds like a closet-cleaning."
Dot Music,50,"Both pared down and unengaging at the same time, this appears to be a dead end."
Village Voice,50,"While nowhere near as unlistenable as Is This Desire?, Uh Huh Her is one of Harvey's bleaker efforts."
Q Magazine,40,"Uh Huh Herb is a disappointment, the tepid, not-quite-there record that many artists seem to make after hitting a career peak."

Pitchfork,80,"Though Auf Der Maur has run off with their blueprint and built it as seen, theres raw passion and no little class here; Corgan and Love must be rueing their luck."
The New York Times,80,"Melissa has delivered a hugely sexual, gleefully psychedelic rock record thats so full of deliciously melancholic stadium destroyers and beautifully de-tuned melodic bombs that, at the perfectly reasonable age of 32, you get the impression that the really good stuff is only just beginning."
Uncut,80,"The disc's bread and butter is Auf Der Maur's smoking riffs. [Jun 2004, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,80,"A revelation. [Apr 2004, p.107]"
Under The Radar,78,"Auf der Maur builds a strong rhythmic foundation on this record and then proceeds to layer the white powder on top to hook the kids. [#11, p.94]"
Mojo,75,"Her thin voice is no match for the thick guitars that dominate this metallic pop marathon, but there is a strange, earthy quality that makes songs like 'Overpower Thee' and 'Skin Receiver' compelling."
Austin Chronicle,70,"For all its celebrity tricks and years of pipeline evolution, Auf Der Maur still has all the hallmarks of the debut record."
Blender,60,"This album doesn't break new ground; in fact, the music is very ordinary, but the mere presence of Auf der Maur and her intoxicating voice makes the record a modest success."
The A.V. Club,60,"These are powerful and finely crafted songs, even if the lyrics suggest that, for Melissa, the meaning of life is chained up in some goths-and-dragons dungeon."
No Ripcord,60,"It's not, in the final reckoning, a terribly important and wildly impressive record."
The Guardian,60,"Buffeted by big guitars, her thin, untrained voice occasionally sounds listless. [May 2004, p.118]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),60,"Ultimately, it's hard to avoid that Auf Der Maur is living in the past, re-creating 1996 and acting like she's still 24."
Logo,58,"The album's monolithic sound... feels dated and drab. [4 June 2004, p.80]"
New Musical Express (NME),55,"Auf der Maur plays the kinda late-'90s alt-rock that Veruca Salt's debut (American Thighs, the one with 'Seether') hinted at (too bad this isn't the late '90s...)."
Alternative Press,50,"Musically, it's simply awesome, sounding not completely unlike early PJ Harvey... It's a shame, then, that the lyrics frequently don't cut it. [Amazon UK]"
Q Magazine,40,"If anything, it's nothing: a dark, expensive, teenager programmed, radio-friendly, MTV-destined nothing."
Filter,40,"This record is more riddled with more clichs and pure, retro water-treading embarrassment than anything [Courntey] Love ever conjured up."
E! Online,40,"Suffers from a paucity of premium standalone songs.... way too relentlessly generic.  [Mar 2004, p.101]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"She never finds a way to distinguish one track from the next, or from the output of just about any '90s alt-rock also-ran."

PopMatters,80,"Simple, straightforward rhymes over fuzzed-out, good-time beats, mixed with acoustic guitar, Casio keyboards and handclaps. [#7]"
The Guardian,80,"A directionless mess that never makes an obvious commercial ploy, never reveals any new ideas and never implies any forethought or central intelligence, yet somehow demands attention throughout, revealing new layers and engaging moments with every listen."
Dot Music,75,"Frenetic, wondrous and all over the map, the album sometimes demonstrates an excessive fondness for vocal distortion. But as a whole, 'The Printz' is aural collage at its finest."
Blender,70,"Theres so much going on here that you have to listen close. And still, its a fun album, catchy and wild and full of exuberance."
AllMusic,70,"There's a fragile beauty inherent in Printz's slapdash slop-hop that belies the duo's goofy profile and bodes well for their future endeavors."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Spin this disc even once, and you'll understand both the hype and the varied reaction."
Neumu.net,60,"The group aims for a mix of artistry and cred, a la N.E.R.D. or the Beastie Boys, but their music is rarely as catchy. [Aug 2004, p.130]"
Amazon.com,60,"Bumblebeez brings loose, frenetic energy to a mash-up of likely and unlikely sources."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Frankly, it could be much worse."
Playlouder,60,"Compiling the best tracks from each of their previous releases to make one solid EP would've been a better introduction to the band than The Printz is."
Mojo,50,"Christopher Colonna's partly annoying, wholly unintelligible emceeing on ''Pony'' could not possibly prepare you for the nasal pseudosnarl of lady rapper Vila, who dominates the album's latter half."
The A.V. Club,40,"They lard The Printz with rote Aggressive Rock Radio fodder. [Jul 2004, p.148]"

Under The Radar,91,"Their most extreme CD to date. [4 June 2004, p.80]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Theyve now released their best album and the best pop inflected metal album since System of a Down's Toxicity."
Los Angeles Times,80,"At least two thirds of it is still comprised of head-spinning speed metal, but there are signs of genuine progression -- not to mention progressive rock -- from the off."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"While this album is hardly a sellout or a mellowing down, its shifting in direction, its differing textures make it far better than 'Iowa'."
Splendid,80,"It's a satisfying, carefully crafted representation of their career to date."
PopMatters,75,"The monster-chomp guitars and semiauto percussion are still in effect, but somebody spilled a little Pantene in the Pantera. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Blender,70,"A significant broadening of the tonal spectrum notwithstanding, the outfit manages to keep their ferocity intact, although the malevolence is structured with a shrewd infusion of melodic vocals, flourishing experimental dynamics and a motherlode of striking riffs."
Junkmedia,70,"A triumph. [Jul 2004, p.124]"
Pitchfork,60,"The basic Slipknot sound has improved. [#27, p.147]"
AllMusic,60,"[Slipknot] has married a little beauty to its beast, with schizophrenic results that are best summed up by the line 'The only thing I ever really loved was hate.'"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"OK, so its not Norah Jones dinner party territory and theres enough torturous mayhem to gratify their faithful maggots but theres equally a contrived nature underlying the habitual havoc."
Alternative Press,20,"Plays out like a tepid, second-rate version of Iowa, which pretty much makes it a third-rate anything else. [Jul 2004, p.142]"

Entertainment Weekly,90,"Basically, this is a fantastic band releasing twelve brilliant songs, and it's not only the best guitar album you'll ever hear with no guitars on it, it's one of the best this year generally."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Confidence bursts throughout, and for a band that has been around seven years and has never released a studio full-length album until now, achieving nearly epic-like status is quite impressive."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As a collection of songs, this is hugely impressive. As a debut album, its confidence is right up there with Definitely Maybe. [May 2004, p.96]"
Playlouder,75,"Music to while away the time before the next Coldplay--or Travis, or Starsailor, or Muse--album arrives. [11 Jun 2004, p.125]"
AllMusic,70,"There isn't much variety on the disc, which many will find a bit thin after repeated spins, but there's no doubting the band's clean, confident sound."
Spin,70,"Somewhere Only We Know is one of 2004's loveliest tunes, and while nothing else on their debut album quite matches this apogee of woebegone non-energy, there's plenty to keep the eyes welling up. [Jun 2004, p.116]"
Logo,70,"Hopes and Fears contains more hooks than most pop groups manage in their careers."
Q Magazine,70,"A pretty and meticulously-crafted collection of songs."
Blender,60,"A rather polite album... but it's also comprehensively gorgeous.  [#27, p.138]"
Rolling Stone,60,"This album is full of ballads fuelled by feelings of alienation, but Chaplin's voice is consistently powerful and lacks the fragility that would give these songs the edge the band obviously thinks they have."
Dot Music,60,"Keane rely too heavily on Chaplin's show-stopping vocals, and the radio-friendly simplicity of the lyrics grates."
Alternative Press,50,"Despite some fine moments, on the whole there's not enough that's memorable or above average. No one would give Keane a second glance if Tom Chaplin did not possess such a gift of a voice."
Playlouder,40,"The 11 tracks on Hopes And Fears have an almost complete lack of soul and even distinction between one another."
AllMusic,40,"The continual sense of aesthetic, structural and emotional conservatism constantly makes the listener feel short-changed, Singing Tom persistently pleading his own honesty and kindness and suitability and weakness."
Q Magazine,40,"Pretty, but pretty vacant. [Aug 2004, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Strangely: no guitar, only piano. Which, strangely, doesn't make them sound any more romantic, nor does it add interest to the other songs, which are either too slow, too genre, or too lyrically distracting."
ShakingThrough.net,30,"A product so meticulously calculated, so shamelessly designed for the widest possible demographic, so wholeheartedly shallow, you suspect Simon Fuller and Simon Cowell must be dumbstruck in admiration."
Mojo,28,"Coldplaya-hatas will loathe Keane; most others will just be insulted."

Rolling Stone,90,"Persson, the finest pop lyricist working today, is on peak form while the band's back-to-roots grand piano and grander acoustic guitars provide an appropriately magnificent backing."
Splendid,83,"Persson's tender voice, coupled with the Cardigans' welcome desire to explore new musical territory, allows this once-fizzy group to pull off a sultry coup. [28 May 2004, p.124]"
Blender,80,"A sensitive, fully mature contribution to the pop music lexicon, it proves that, like the rare child actor who actually works well into adulthood, The Cardigans have weathered a difficult transition."
PopMatters,80,"The band's best album yet - which is to say that it contains considerably more than three good songs."
The Guardian,80,"The new Cardigans still write great pop songs, except now the music resonates with substance and meaning. [#7, p.72]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The electronics of Gran Turismo has been supplanted by an organic sound with countryish overtones (see Live and Learn) that suits Persson's melancholy lyrics."
Almost Cool,80,"Deep, mournful, impressive. [Apr 2004, p.99]"
Stylus Magazine,65,"Their slickest and most formulaic pop constructions to date."
Uncut,60,"Daylight's rich, delicate instrumental work demands attention. [24 Jun 2004, p.174]"
Village Voice,60,"Fans who enjoyed The Cardigans' evolution toward the challenging art-disco of Gran Turismo will likely be disappointed by Daylight, which at least superficially sounds like the kind of easygoing roots-lite better associated with Sheryl Crow or Bonnie Raitt."
Dot Music,60,"Persson does sadness the way Eminem does anger: with a conviction that takes the breath away."
Pitchfork,60,"Although this is certainly flawed, the Cardigans deserve kudos for recognising their faults, trying with all their might to rectify them. [Apr 2003, p.103]"
Amazon.com,50,"[It is] over-produced to within an inch of its artistic life, and lacks the quality songs and exquisite productions that the group had made a hallmark."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Frequently, it sounds like the band have spent most of that time labouring to make their fifth album as monumental as possible. Where once they swung, however ironically, now they plod. Slowly. Ponderously. In expensive lead boots."
Splendid,40,"This is the sound of dashboard-tapping, local radio MOR. [Apr 2004, p.108]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The songs all sound pretty much the same; this could be Avril Lavigne, Sheryl Crow; hell, it could be Christian Contemporary."
Planet,40,"Music is supposed to be a form of entertainment, but Long Gone Before Daylight feels like a collection of aimless lullabies."

The Guardian,91,"Think of it as more of a mix tape because the British quintet's jam-band explorations dip into everything from Beatles-esque pop and Delta-blues-influenced ballads."
Mojo,90,"For those who have been waiting for Gomez to come up with something that truly rivals their amazing debut Bring It On, wait no longer. This one is great."
Pitchfork,90,"In Split the Difference, Gomez has not lived up to, but surpassed, their initial success."
Rolling Stone,80,"In looking beyond pure innovation, Gomez have poured some heart into their blues."
The A.V. Club,80,"Rather than trying to funk up and freak out the tunes with oddball sonic contributions, the fivesome rely heavily on the strength of their three-part harmonies and the head-bouncing guitar hooks. [#10, p.90]"
Blender,80,"The British answer to Fountains of Wayne."
Q Magazine,80,"They're such a pleasure to listen to because they hear the past and thrive on it, learning from what musicians did before them, and not repeating all of the same mistakes."
AllMusic,80,"If only all stupid rock music could be this intelligent."
Dot Music,75,"While the hooks could be sharper, [Tchad Blake's] hand clearly makes the Difference. [28 May 2004, p.124]"
Uncut,70,"On most of Split The Difference... Gomez pour on the punch that makes their live shows such a gas. [27 May 2004, p.82]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Split The Difference isn't as strong as In Our Gun, but it does show Gomez continuing to explore relaxed, earthy songwriting, with fruitful results."
Drowned In Sound,70,"As an album its so random and erratic that its neither a brave step forward nor a disastrous wrong turn; just an entertaining detour while they workout where theyre actually going."
E! Online,68,"Split the Difference simply isn't very engaging."
AllMusic,60,"If you've enjoyed Gomez's musical direction in the last six years, you're sure to take pleasure in listening to Split The Difference."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Tracks such as 'Where Ya Going?' and 'Chicken Out'... make them sound like Southport's answer to ZZ Top. But there's plenty more going on that doesn't involve such dumbing-down. [Jul 2004, p.107]"
The Guardian,60,"Unusually direct. [Jun 2004, p.98]"
Filter,57,"So Split the Difference is an opportunity missed, with Gomez settling into a safe, well-worn ocean colour scene at a time when an adventurous indie/jamband hybrid might've clicked with Lollapaloozers."
Billboard,40,"Unfortunately, whereas sounding out of place in the late 90s worked in their favour, in the mid-noughties the lack of pretty faces, Converse Allstars and - perhaps most important of all - any half-decent tunes is unlikely to bring Gomez first prize even in their local pubs battle of the bands."
PopMatters,30,"By stripping away the symphonic, avant edge... [Gomez] loses much of what made it unique in the first place. [#64, p.96]"

The New York Times,100,"A set of irresistible tracks both danceable and desolate. [28 May 2004, p.124]"
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Might well be his most brilliant yet. [#10, p.86]"
Rolling Stone,90,"As a singer, Morrissey has never sounded better than this."
The A.V. Club,89,"The most entertaining and lushly melodic work of Morrissey's solo career."
Dot Music,80,"But, and here's the catch, at times the arrangements just don't cut it."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"While 'You Are The Quarry' is a very good album it's not the earth shattering masterpiece many had hoped for, nay, expected."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The Moz croon is more succulent than ever, and the music productively splits the difference between Your Arsenal's thrusting butchness and Vauxhall & I's voluptuous enervation."
Uncut,80,"It's not so much a return to form as it is a simple return, Morrissey picking up where he left off with Maladjusted, improving on that likeable album with a stronger set of songs and more muscular music."
Q Magazine,80,"You Are The Quarry sees Morrissey back in the ring, lean, limber and fighting fit."
Pitchfork,80,"Those who have grown up with him will find much to love here. [May 2004, p.90]"
Logo,80,"Despite his gray hairs, Moz's approach to You Are the Quarry is youthful and energetic -- perhaps even punk."
Magnet,80,"A fantastic record for Morrissey fans."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"His best album since Vauxhall & I. [#27, p.140]"
Filter,75,"A little heavy on the lugubrious ballads, but it's all Morrissey all the time. [16 May 2004, p.E40]"
PopMatters,75,"The music doesn't impress much, serving as more a backdrop for Morrissey's lovely chops."
Pitchfork,72,"Despite the intervening years, Quarry sounds cut from exactly the same cloth as the last couple of Morrissey albums, which is to say that at best, it represents a bit of a holding pattern and at worst, it continues the slow artistic decline begun with 1995's lackluster Southpaw Grammar."
No Ripcord,70,"At times, the misery borders on clich, but luckily, 'Quarry' sports some of Morrissey's most direct vignettes in years."
Playlouder,70,"If you wade through some horrid lyrics and mediocre songcraft, you will find You Are The Quarry stands solidly as a long overdue return to a formative sound. [#7]"
Village Voice,70,"He submits a dozen songs to crystalline modern engineering and arrangements that place selective bits of mandolin, flute, harp and synthesizer in guitar-and-rhythm grooves, moving forward without losing his identity."
AllMusic,70,"Even a half good Morrissey album is streets ahead of the competition."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Clicks in all the places his failures did not."
Mojo,67,"Morrissey's songs rattle and hum with swagger and sour pride."
Splendid,65,"And flaws there are, with many of the tracks sinking into a midtempo morass with decidedly underdeveloped melodies and daft instrumentation."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"For a handful of decent Morrissey songs  and, it must be said, some of his best ever vocal performances  we should be grateful. Ultimately though, for all these tantalising reminders of greatness, 'You Are The Quarry' still feels like a man unnecessarily trapped by the limitations of his band and the extent of his loathing."
Blender,60,"Flares dazzlingly on initial contact, but dims a little. [Jun 2004, p.92]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Only when Morrissey's wickedly funny side emerges does Quarry find moments worthy of sharing shelf space with his finest."
E! Online,50,"At this level of lyric artistry, these warmed-over arena rock backdrops are a waste."
ShakingThrough.net,50,"Of course, anyone expecting a new Smiths album from this was always going to be disappointed. However, anyone expecting a good album from it is going to be disappointed as well."
Billboard,40,"But just when he seems more relevant than ever, Morrissey has somehow contrived to make an album that sounds incredibly dated."
Under The Radar,40,"Quarry doesnt have great songs, just not-so-clever quips."
Rolling Stone,40,"Those looking for the kind of soaring poetry that defined The Smiths will surely be depressed by lyrics that are often boringly solipsistic and prosaically worded. [Jun 2004, p.106]"

Logo,80,"The band's most organic and least groove-centric release, as well as their warmest and... most affecting. [#7]"
Trouser Press,80,"Sensibly, Burgess has abandoned the curious falsetto of 2001's Wonderland in favour of his trademark (or Ian Brown's trademark) nasal whine, while the band have responded with some of their finest rollicking grooves."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Their most accomplished album to date."
Neumu.net,80,"There's such a huge feelgood swagger it's impossible not to be swept along in its wake. [Jun 2004, p.96]"
Dot Music,80,"The Charlatans have never sounded this relaxed... or mature."
Uncut,70,"'Up At The Lake' may not be The Charlatans' finest effort, but its certainly good enough to suggest they could still be around for another 14 years."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's this lumpy consistency that ultimately lets them down, but this is a laudable effort from a band on a decade-long roll. [Amazon UK]"
The New York Times,60,"There's still much to link the group to their musical past. [Jun 2004, p.107]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"A curate's egg of tested pop styles.... Though hardly the album-length E-rush of career peak Tellin' Stories, this approach still offers small gems. [Jul 2004, p.101]"
The Guardian,50,"Up At The Lake lifts the best bits from pops past and melds them into a largely agreeable, but ultimately underwhelming, classic rock album."

New York Magazine (Vulture),91,"Gorgeous, grotto-fabulous chamber pop. [14 May 2004, p.71]"
Q Magazine,90,"If you appreciate intelligent and literate lyrics, and are not put off by theatrical orchestration in your pop songs, then this is as good a Divine Comedy album as any to immerse yourself in the considerable talents of Neil Hannon. [#7]"
Under The Radar,90,"It ranks high among his finest albums."
The Guardian,80,"Its pretty much all fantastic."
Logo,80,"It's quite something - all the more given that he's now a one-man operation - and merits attention as much for its ludicrousness as anything."
Q Magazine,80,"While he's still as self-absorbed as he's always been, shifting tenses has loosened Hannon up and in turn inspired one of the best albums he's made to date."
PopMatters,80,"While Hannon's aesthetic/literary weltanschauung is rather haughty, it succeeds by sheer force of intellect and style. [#11, p.95]"
Dot Music,80,"His deft handling of the pop-song idiom makes even these smaller-scale songs soar. [#64, p.89]"
Amazon.com,80,"His songwriting has rarely sounded so acute. [Apr 2004, p.109]"
Mojo,78,"Absent Friends isn't my favorite Divine Comedy record (Fin de Siecle, actually), but it is an excellent record, and one that seems more likely to appeal to non-fans than his more ostentatious outings."
Uncut,70,"His wisest and warmest record yet. [#27, p.136]"
Playlouder,70,"The best record he's made since 1996's Casanova, it's one of those rare instances when an artist retraces their steps and successfully locates what made them interesting in the first place. [May 2004, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Another beautifully scored Divine Comedy album that sounds a bit like Scott Walker and a lot like the last one. [May 2004, p.102]"
Under The Radar,60,"By the time 'Our Mutual Friend''s symphonic percussion and hammering cellos reach their crashing apex, the album begins to feel a little like the fourth consecutive hour at a well-stocked party full of musical theater majors."
AllMusic,50,"Pleasant but unmoving."
Dot Music,40,"Patchy at best."

The Guardian,100,"The whole thing tingles: you're in the presence of diamond-hard greatness. [Nov 2004, p.110]"
PopMatters,83,"The songwriting has their old ebullience and craftiness. [9 Apr 2004, p.86]"
Filter,80,"The Sunday girl may be entering her autumn years, but shes still an absolute treasure."
Magnet,70,"Dub, metal, Okinawan folk, hip-hop and various strains of out jazz all inflect Blondies hooky popcraft, and they never pretend theyre something theyre not, such as young."
Mojo,70,"A saucy strut of an album that may not measure up to the classics but wipes the floor with imitators like Madonna."
Pitchfork,60,"A mostly solid collection of quirky dance pop and cryptic rock."
Blender,60,"The album is engagingly eclectic, always melodic, sometimes hard and storming, but never quite so sublime [as single 'Good Boys']. [Nov 2004, p.132]"
Uncut,60,"That isn't to say that The Curse of Blondie is a classic Blondie disc, but it's the first good one since at least Autoamerican, and features one of their best-ever singles in 'Good Boys.'"
Q Magazine,50,"A decidedly inconsistent effort."
Splendid,50,"It's a valiant effort to try something new, or at least try some new old styles, but the real curse of The Curse Of Blondie is that it only occasionally approaches past greatness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"There's not quite enough to justify the addition of another album to the Blondie catalogue."
Logo,40,"Too much of The Curse would be blandly anonymous if not for Harry's inimitable coo."
Uncut,20,"The group has obviously lost whatever touch they once had for making unique, interesting music."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"A truly elemental opus."
Stylus Magazine,100,"Absolution's chaotic choruses feel like the triumphant culmination of some earth-shattering undertaking. [Jul 2004, p.146]"
Blender,90,"A massive concept album that is so gluttonously huge-sounding that it makes The Wall sound like a Sebadoh record. [#10, p.94]"
The Guardian,90,"The most inventive and exhilarating rock music Britain's producing right now."
Billboard,90,"Muse have widened the goalposts and re-established what rock is allowed to stand for. Next to Absolution, even something as majestic as Elephant sounds so painfully small."
Mojo,80,"Like Coldplay on A Rush of Blood to the Head, Muse sound like a band who are at the top of their game. Their confidence carries you through the album's excesses."
AllMusic,80,"Absolution is an emotional, philosophical, sophisticated, poetic, and beautiful piece of rock music."
PopMatters,80,"For sheer bravado and imagination it's something that few bands will top this year. [Oct 2003, p.109]"
The A.V. Club,80,"'Absolution' is Muse's most accomplished album to date, and kicks their - at the time - excellent debut album 'Showbiz' into the ground."
Splendid,70,"Despite the daunting Radiohead-colored cloud that hangs heavy over Muse, the band pushes the limits of its slick, pre-apocalyptic rock with a self-assured strut."
Rolling Stone,70,"A daring and triumphant concoction. [#27, p.140]"
Junkmedia,60,"Muse continue to make unrelenting hardcore art rock; Absolution is a tad cheesy, a bit too grandiose in its ambitions, bursting at the seams with too many ideas, and thus exactly what any Muse fan craves."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's too bad that vocalist Matt Bellamy doesn't bring as much ingenuity to his singing."
Alternative Press,50,"Ultimately, the arrangements of more than half the songs are defined by their progressive '70s bombast and pretentiousness."
Filter,30,"Pushes the trio's grandiose delusions onto new levels of interpretative-dancing, mirror-cracking excess. [Oct 2003, p.107]"
Dot Music,20,"Muse write... the same way Metallica write, i.e. just compiling bits of music then sticking them together, except theyre more impressed with their fragments (though theyre simpler and duller and even more remarkably similar to each other than Metallicas), so they make them go on longer and repeat them more times."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"For the first time in nearly a decade Cypress Hill sound like theyre really enjoying themselves, just like they were in the beginning."
The Guardian,70,"A consistently sold album. [Apr 2004, p.163]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The combination of mournful maturity and club-ready fun they come up with on Till Death Do Us Part suits them just fine."
Q Magazine,70,"Doesn't break with the formula, but at least it stretches it."
Playlouder,70,"A funk-driven return to familiar ground, laced with dark imagery, beefy hooks and sharp vocal trading. [Jun 2004, p.97]"
Drawer B,66,"Long before it's time to part, Till Death sags under a heavy sense of dj vu that hinders even its interesting moments."
Blender,60,"[Some] attempts at genre-mashing suffer from some uncharacteristically sluggish Muggs production. [May 2004, p.120]"
AllMusic,60,"While the production is good, the divergent styles and lack of cohesion add up to a somewhat schizophrenic offering."
Rolling Stone,58,"The CD's style jumbling never coheres. [26 Mar 2004, p.74]"
PopMatters,42,"Morbid.... The beats are never as heavy as the subject matter. [May 2004, p.108]"
Mojo,40,"Only about a third enjoyable."
Stylus Magazine,40,"Strictly for the devout fan base."

Logo,80,"A diverse and highly enjoyable ride."
Vibe,75,"It's Winning Days softer songs that bubble up to replay themselves in your head. [26 Mar 2004, p.71]"
Rolling Stone,70,"There's something about the precision of the gear changes and the crisp efficiency of Rob Schnapf's production that hits the spot, however derivatively. [Apr 2004, p.134]"
The Guardian,70,"Winning Days is a noisy triumph -- as good as their 2002 debut, Highly Evolved, and in some ways a leap forward in style and frenzy."
Q Magazine,67,"This album tends to lean more toward the psychedelic ballads, which slows down the action a little too much."
ShakingThrough.net,66,"The formula seems tired, or at least stretched too thin to be effective. [#9, p.101]"
Blender,63,"This anonymous tone leaves an emotional void at the center of the album."
Billboard,60,"I don't consider them rock saviors, but is it asking too much of a band to show a little musical growth?"
Entertainment Weekly,58,"Inferior to not just Nirvana but Oasis."
Spin,50,"The album's midsection--in other words, just about everything between the first song and the last song--sags under the weight of midtempo, middle-of-the-road throwaways. [31 Mar 2004]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"As unremarkable and average a comeback as humanly possible."
AllMusic,50,"Ultimately, Winning Days is an highly frustrating listen."
Billboard,50,"Winning Days is still more interesting than any album by obvious progenitors Oasis because the good parts come up at the most random moments--spontaneous solo here, appealing harmony there."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"There seems to be a hollowness, a lack of soul, an empty Big Mac carton where this album's heart should be."
Blender,40,"It's hard to fight the feeling this is average songwriting buffed into something near-palatable by the amount of money spent on it. [Apr 2004, p.101]"
Rolling Stone,40,"The Vines are mostly surface and scratch, a vessel of strangely useless beauty. [Apr 2004, p.114]"
E! Online,40,"Accomplished and full of bluster but ontologically completely hollow; this is The Vines."
Filter,40,"Musically, it's a mess."
Los Angeles Times,40,"[They've] hit difficult-third-album syndrome one album early."
PopMatters,40,"About as personality-free as rock music gets. [Apr 2004, p.115]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),40,"The disc's highlight, 'TV Pro,' ably blends the band's two moods and adds some promise to an otherwise bland and vacant offering."
The A.V. Club,27,"The Vines earn real damnation as Winning Days comes to a close. However boring and harmlessly vapid the first ten tracks are, 'F.T.W.' obliterates any possibility of forgiving them."
Playlouder,20,"There's not much left for the Vines' frontman other than his music, which on Winning Days seems more like an afterthought--if not the work of an unbearably bad Oasis record. [Apr 2004, p.98]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"A vital, winning album."
Village Voice,90,"The beauty and richness of our seemingly mundane lives can be found here, in the bossa-nova of minor catastrophes, the pseudo-jazz of strippers, and the easy lilt of coffee cups."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Byrne's affectless tenor is a perfect match for the delicate bob-and-weave grooves on this CD. [26 Mar 2004, p.74]"
Uncut,83,"If it's not his best, it's easier to warm up to than most of his solo releases."
Mojo,80,"Young pretenders beware: this old dog isnt so much learning new tricks as inventing them."
Stylus Magazine,80,"With the possible exception of his work with Brian Eno, Backwards is his most technically honed album to date. This is the stuff of an artist refreshingly confident with his work."
Dot Music,80,"Lean arrangements, never predictable melodic ticks and some of Byrne's most deliciously quirky lyrics ensure an event-packed listen. [Apr 2004, p.99]"
The Guardian,80,"[A] marvelously sophisticated, extremely political album."
Q Magazine,80,"These are wonderful exercises in songcraft: full of metaphors, twists and punchlines, couched in sprightly string arrangements and sung with rare flamboyance."
Junkmedia,80,"A genuinely moving and wickedly fun record."
Pitchfork,76,"It fits alongside the best of his career and adds another solid release to a solo catalog which will hopefully become more cherished in time."
Alternative Press,70,"The instrumental palette is more wide-ranging in a subtler, more subversive manner. [Apr 2004, p.96]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Extends the with-strings concept of last year's Lead Us Not Into Temptation and is equally arresting in its breadth of content and creativity. [Apr 2004, p.107]"
Neumu.net,70,"Grown Backwards' restraint risks landing it in a coffeehouse ghetto that only asks for its music to be ignorable, but just because something can be ignored doesn't mean that it should, as the solid handful of excellent moments here proves."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The casually odd music and Byrne's subtle evocations of loneliness work together to suggest that it's great to be your own favorite weirdo, but not paying attention to the rest of the world around you, well, that's really strange."
E! Online,70,"A worthy addition to Byrne's sprawling oeuvre, while never reaching the heights of his greatest work. [#242, p.57]"
Logo,58,"His voice devoid of Newman-Waits grit, his eclecticism even and controlled where theirs bristles with jokes, oddity, and gusto, how does he expect to connect with anyone but other likable progressives, and rather detached and inscrutable ones at that?"

cokemachineglow,92,"In its ambition, emotion, aggression and intelligence, Kick Up The Fire, And Let The Flames Break Loose is a work of sheer bloody genius."
Mojo,80,"Lord knows what's going to happen when they abandon their commercial concessions entirely (as we suspect this buys them the opportunity to do. Good), but this is stunning enough in its own right."
Village Voice,80,"It's different without being aggravating and intelligent without ever being overbearing."
The Guardian,80,"The most brilliantly ambitious record of the year."
AllMusic,80,"Loose continually festers with a blistering intensity and creativity that's not for the closed-minded or faint of heart. [Feb 2004, p.88]"
Pitchfork,80,"They effortlessly knock out the kind of poignant, electronic-tinged anthems that would have had a 1997 Thom Yorke dancing with joy. [Mar 2004, p.109]"
Uncut,80,"The first great album of the new prog revolution."
Q Magazine,80,"By combining elements of metal, pop, jazz, and electronica, the Cooper Temple Clause create a broad album that is subtle and meticulous as well as driving and bombastic."
PopMatters,75,"What the band lack in cohesion they make up for with a healthy mania."
Rolling Stone,70,"An impressively thoughtful album. [Oct 2003, p.103]"
The Wire,70,"Everything suggests they have a great album within them, but this isn't it."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),60,"The band members produce huge sounds reminiscent of Primal Scream, Radiohead, and Nine Inch Nails, but when Gautrey opens his mouth -- there's Liam!"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Although the Cooper Temple Clause pack plenty of celestial firepower and darkwave ambiance into their six-minute movements, by the time they unveil the epic 'Written Apology', the sheer compositional weight is too much for a mortal listener to handle."
Playlouder,40,"The Coopers are adept with lyrics, big on attitude, but often lack that X-factor. [Nov 2003, p.131]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Too often... the results sound messy and carry a hint of prog-rock pomposity. [Mar 2004, p.115]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"In a mistaken lunge at maturity, the Cooper Temple Clause devote much of Kick Up the Fire to chilled introspection and black-water ambience."

Alternative Press,90,"I feel patronising calling it a rebirth, return to form or a self-rehabilitation from the brink. Lets just call it evolution."
Urb,90,"A work of uncommon beauty and torment. [Mar 2004, p.95]"
The Guardian,80,"At eighteen tracks it comes close to outstaying its welcome, but it doesnt."
AllMusic,80,"Eighteen songs, is perhaps two too many, but a hint of over enthusiasm cannot mar what feels like a tour de force."
Junkmedia,75,"Intermittently engaging if ultimately slight. [27 Feb 2004, p.96]"
Q Magazine,70,"Many of the songs here could be Peppers tracks, except for the absence of Anthony Kiedis's vocals. [Apr 2004, p.128]"
Dot Music,70,"Full of a lush, bubbling beauty that proves Frusciante's personal rehabilitation has taken his music further than ever."
PopMatters,70,"Nothing earth shattering, but enjoyable nonetheless."
Splendid,70,"Coming in at over an hour in length, the album drags at times and begins to wear near the last part of the tracklisting."
Mojo,70,"Full of surprising songs with some cracking tunes that step far outside the punk-funk-grunge-metal formula of the Chili Peppers. [Mar 2004, p.99]"
Blender,69,"Frusciante has finally harnessed the energy and unqualified honesty that pulsed underneath the wandering Syd Barrett-ness of his weird work, and applied them to a reedy, vaguely psychedelic, and consistently melodic collection of songs."
Rolling Stone,67,"Shadows Collide With People mashes two of the region's mad pop scientists (Wilson and Buckingham) into a gurgling, early-GBV harmonic convergence."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Mainstream, bleeding-heart balladry, tempered by slightly outre arrangements."
Mojo,60,"Mercifully, Frusciante has toned down the screechy howl that made his earlier work almost unbearable, and while his songs aren't quite diamond-sharp, they have evolved into soft-focus pop tunes that display a keen melodic intuition and gift for beautiful torment."
Logo,42,"Jammed with cheesy effects, weak orchestration, and paper-thin vocals, this is a mix that nobody would dream of Californicating to. [Apr 2004, p.94]"
The Guardian,40,"His rudimentary songwriting skills and questionable quality control render this an exasperating experience. [Apr 2004, p.110]"

Entertainment Weekly,95,"There is a clear passion and enthusiasm in Grohls instrumentals and a potency and power in the performance of every singer."
Blender,90,"Probot is the full length dream of a teenage metalhead."
Rolling Stone,90,"Not only has Grohl released a fantastic album, he has done a wonderful job giving several aging metal vocalists another fifteen minutes of fame."
Playlouder,83,"Grohl wrote the riffs, and he hammers like a god, letting his hero singers write the lyrics and man the bellows. [Mar 2004, p.91]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Not for the weak (or for Foo fans, really), this is some heavy hard-core stuff that's supernaturally superb."
Uncut,80,"As rewarding as it is unpredictable."
Pitchfork,80,"Unlike similar records... this has a unity of aesthetic purpose, a competitive wallop, even (kind of) a seriousness. [Mar 2004, p.127]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"This album is proof that his talent extends far beyond grunge and pop-rock and that he can write and play songs in just about any style."
Dot Music,70,"The year's first great metal album. [19 Feb 2004, p.67]"
Splendid,70,"Most of which 'works', all of which comes thick with a sense of joy and love for the denim and leather. [Mar 2004, p.106]"
Spin,70,"It's a righteous and wholly legitimate throwback to old-school metal's power and fury."
Q Magazine,70,"The set is best taken as a hardcore thrash scrapbook that immortalizes how Grohl spent some of his downtime from Foo Fighters: It has captured the memory and fierce emotion instead of being concerned with structure."
Stylus Magazine,70,"A full-blooded, affectionate and occasionally very funny album."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The most disappointing aspect of Probot is that many of the songs sound more like Foo Fighters turned to eleven than actual metal."
Splendid,68,"Musically, this is as solid a hard-rock offering as fans of Motorhead and obscure Swedish crunch fans could ask for. Lyrically, however, Probot is a different story."
Spin,67,"Hard and heavy, Probot is a first-rate recreation of the soundtrack of Grohl's bong-inhaling youth in all its unrelenting, doomy, gloomy glory. [20 Feb 2004, p.63]"
E! Online,67,"From the opening rally cry of Venom's Cronos ('Centuries of Sin') to the eerie creep of King Diamond's closing 'Sweet Dreams,' Probot pulls itself up by its pewter bootstraps and shatters glass with undefeatable vocals."
AllMusic,60,"For better or for worse, Grohl replicates each band's musical style with remarkable accuracy. [Mar 2004, p.98]"
Blender,60,"Isn't for the meek. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"His drumming is brilliant, as always, but the melodies leave the singers little to work with, and his guitar riffs sound weak and sludgy, often mired in tuned-down, nu-metal muck."
Rolling Stone,30,"There is some entertainment value in Probot. The manufactured praise accompanying Grohl, supplied by a corps of pro fuglemen who lead and escort the illustrious on his vanity venture, is grand."

Mojo,93,"Holes original prcis was to become something like Sonic Youth crossed with Fleetwood Mac, and Americas Sweetheart is the closest shes come to creating that vision."
The A.V. Club,91,"Love's bristling energy and careening narcissism overcome the occasionally clubfooted arena-punk arrangements. [20 Feb 2004, p.63]"
Billboard,91,"A jaw-dropping act of artistic will and a fiery, proper follow-up to 1994's Live Through This. [Mar 2004, p.89]"
Dot Music,91,"An album as invigorating in its contempt for rock professionalism as Neil Young's Tonight's the Night."
Pitchfork,90,"'America's Sweetheart' is still more 'Celebrity Skin' than anything."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"While Love's voice is as scratchy and corrosive as ever, unfaraid to veer off-pitch for a good sneer, the album is big-time Hollywood rock. [Mar 2004, p.112]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"'America's Sweetheart' is a thrilling record. Held together by that extraordinary voice, which sounds even more shredded than it did in the days of 'Dick Nail' and 'Pretty On The Inside', she can still deliver."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Americas Sweetheart throbs, chugs, thunders, blasts, romps, rants and rocks."
Alternative Press,75,"In contrast to the raw, subdued intimacy of Hole's 'Live Though This,' the sound here is all dressed up and accessorized, hard and aggressive but tuneful and hook-laden."
Q Magazine,75,"The result is a bumpy, self-indulgent ride, sure, but Love's fuming testimony is packed with a scraggily voice screaming to be heard and a bombastic blast of rage, raw power and sarcasm."
PopMatters,60,"This being Courtney, theres also an emotional rawness to Americas Sweetheart which youll either love or be repelled by."
Village Voice,60,"Even its most unlistenable moments command attention with a ferocity that most musicians get nowhere near. [Mar 2004, p.98]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Love is a truly notable lyricist, but she's an ideas person rather than a musician."
Entertainment Weekly,52,"Even if you slipped the album into your player without the slightest preconceived notion of who Courtney Love is or was, Sweetheart wouldn't be able to help but strike you as a document of sheer desperation, of a frantic need for approval. Worse, it's the audible sound of a talent in serious decline."
Spin,50,"She winds up with a processed, affected record halfway between Live Through This and Pat Benatar or possibly Billy Squier."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),50,"America's Sweetheart is one big, juicy fuckup, and fortunately for Courtney, there will always be little girls who hate being little girls, and are looking for a fairy godmother to show them how to self-destruct. Unfortunately, Karen O, Brody Dalle, and Amy Lee all made cooler records."
Drowned In Sound,40,"While it's unfair to directly compare Courtney's solo work with Hole's shifty discography, America's Sweetheart demonstrates a fairly monstrous decline in both quality and conviction."
Blender,40,"For people who enjoy watching celebrities fall apart, America's Sweetheart should be more fun than an Osbournes marathon."
Dot Music,40,"If anywhere, this stuff belongs in interviews, not in songs. [Mar 2004, p.94]"
Playlouder,40,"The songwriting is scattershot... and the sound strains for punk-on-a-budget but is as three-chord conservative as other retro acts like Rancid and the Distillers."
Los Angeles Times,30,"Love has nothing new to say and no better way to say it."
E! Online,30,"Derivative and unfocused from every conceivable angle."
New Musical Express (NME),20,"America's Sweetheart is petulant and self-pitying. Worse, it's self-righteous. Worse still, it's musically crass. [Mar 2004, p.98]"
Q Magazine,0,"The music is appallingly predictable, unoriginal, uninspiring, boring, over-polished, and vain."

The Guardian,90,"Far more interesting than any of their other records, or their peers'."
ShakingThrough.net,88,"'Crow' is a striking redefinition, an album that roars and twitches with the raw, aggressive, fury of urgent rock activism."
AllMusic,70,"The band still indulges in plenty of effects-happy instrumental gymnastics and tricky rhythms, but A Crow Left of the Murder . . . is also its most consistently tune-based album."
Village Voice,70,"An ambitious and surprisingly accomplished album. [May 2004, p.104]"
Pitchfork,60,"Theres conceivably a great record still lurking inside this band but youre going to have to wait just a bit longer to hear it."
Rolling Stone,60,"Explores Incubus' inner jam band. [Feb 2004, p.94]"
Mojo,60,"His bandmates... elevate Boyd's self-indulgent nonsense with rich noodling and searing flashes of metal. [Mar 2004, p.120]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),58,"Suddenly, these longtime collaborators seem like a mismatch worthy of Blind Date. [Mar 2004, p.95]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Too much of the disc is filtered through clinical and slightly jazzy rock that renders it a tiny noise about nothing."
Logo,42,"Tuneless, torturously knotty prog-metal. [13 Feb 2004, p.72]"
Uncut,40,"Theres little in the way of straightforward rock here[;] instead they have opted to renege on their commitment to flat-four crunch and embrace melodicism...and experimentalism."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The rough, live feel of the tracks comes across beautifully in the recording, and after years of winning over fans with truly rocking live shows, the Church have finally managed to capture that sound on disc."
AllMusic,80,"Longtime fans will find plenty to cherish on this very atmospheric and tuneful sortie."
Los Angeles Times,80,"A tremendous return to form."
Rolling Stone,78,"Forget Yourself is no small resurrection, and though it owes a great deal to The Church's traditionalism, that's nothing to apologize for."
Q Magazine,70,"Forget Yourself is overlong and largely unoriginal, but it possesses a craft and sophistication largely missing from many of its modern-day guitar-pop peers."
Dot Music,70,"There's little new stylistically... but the results are remarkably strong. [Feb 2004, p.98]"
Mojo,70,"A vibrant album that at times sounds like its a young bands first shot at the cherry."
Blender,70,"The Church are, against the odds, still a dreamily appealing proposition. [Mar 2004, p.100]"
Spin,60,"The vocals coo, the guitars are fuzzy and the songs are sleekly tuneful even when they're not so memorable."
E! Online,40,"The record's near-constant gloom and woolly arrangements are difficult to digest. [Feb 2004, p.99]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The Church's languid melancholy sedates rather than seduces. [Feb 2004, p.88]"

Logo,90,"This is one of the breeziest, catchiest discs I've heard in a while."
PopMatters,80,"Lostprophets have, against the odds, carved something genuinely fresh."
Billboard,80,"Playing to their strengths at last, they've taken the lustre of their energetic live shows and injected into their second record with an enthusiasm that shines out of every song."
AllMusic,80,"Lostprophets inhabit that old-fashioned place where the young are alright and must overcome the cynicism of the jaded oldster at all costs. [Feb 2004, p.104]"
Pitchfork,75,"Only the occasional lapse into Linkin Park-style self-indulgence drags them down. [6 Feb 2004, p.140]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Like their debut, 'Start Something' is ultimately too long but where it occasionally flags the pace is soon picked up again."
Q Magazine,70,"Modern without being self-conscious, metal without being stupid. [Mar 2004, p.106]"
Stylus Magazine,68,"The sound of a band throwing itself relentlessly at the limitations of its genre."
Uncut,67,"[Lostprophets] mine the acts of groups like Faith No More and Incubus to put a more palatable edge on the sluggish nu-metal genre."
Rolling Stone,60,"Singer Ian Watkins has Mike Patton's croon/scream down cold, and his group deftly applies FNM's anything-goes approach: equal parts thrash riffs, symphonic keyboards and moody jazz intervals."
Mojo,60,"While the record lacks any of [Queens of the Stone Age's] belligerent twisted rock weirdness they have definitely pumped up the Good Charlotte-style teen anthem choruses."
Alternative Press,50,"This is a perplexing album: two excellent singles, a few stellar moments of vicious riffage, but little to assuage that lingering sense of emptiness."
Splendid,40,"On the whole, Lostprophets seem a bit lost on this average at best offering."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Different from the touching--but too sleepy--'America Town,' 'Battle' impressively tackles new territory."
Drowned In Sound,60,"If judged merely on a sonic level it's one of the more interesting, detailed adult alternative records of recent years. But that pompous narcissism is his Achilles' heel, the thing that keeps wary listeners at bay."
Q Magazine,58,"Weighed down by artificially inflated anthems, garbled lyrics about the apocalypse, and coy attempts at surrealism. [6 Feb 2004, p.140]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The Battle for Everything is an occasionally interesting record, but the sheer pretension of Ondrasik's lyrics coupled with his penchant for self-seriousness tend to suck much of the fun out of what could have been an enjoyably middle-of-the-road adult alternative album."
Dot Music,40,"Ondrasik's self-pitying ballads overflow with dewy-eyed dreaminess, as his vocals swoon and swoop - think of a more annoying Chris Martin."
Mojo,20,"The Five... go for the high-flown pap of '70s singer-songwriters Dan Fogelberg and Dan Hill, playing off Ondrasik's fey falsetto and fondness for lush, string-sweetened arrangements. [Mar 2004, p.117]"

ShakingThrough.net,80,"In essence, its an improvisational nightmare that leaves you feeling extremely uncomfortable for an entire hour, while concurrently having you wish you could lie down to listen."
E! Online,80,"[Delirium] is hardly the kind of record that will be everyones bag, but there is so much variety and so much imagination packed into it that we find ourselves recommending it despite ourselves."
Rolling Stone,80,"Impressively pretentious, and brilliantly executed. [Dec 2003, p.126]"
Playlouder,80,"Makes Alice Cooper's Welcome to My Nightmare sound like Cats in comparison."
Logo,80,"Where Director's Cut was a variation of different '70s film themes, Delirium Cordia is a score to Patton's own horror imagination."
PopMatters,80,"I dont see it as a release you can draw much from through repeated listening, but its a brave and powerful trip nonetheless."
Billboard,70,"Aside from [a] 20-minute stretch, though, Delrium Crdia holds up just fine as a suitably unwieldy, adventurous, patched-together series of instrumental bridges with no chorus to reach."
AllMusic,60,"On one hand, it's maddening, especially when the band lapses into twenty-two minutes of near silence. But Cordia demands repeated listens, if only to hear the freakish wonder that is Mike Patton's voice."
Entertainment Weekly,59,"So while Delrivm Corda is filled with great blocks of sound, it too often loses sight of direction."
PopMatters,30,"Patton's latest fantasy-headache is a one-song, 55-minute conceptual misfire that careens from acid-casualty chamber music to high-velocity cartoon metal. [Feb 2004, p.82]"
Rolling Stone,20,"Wretched. [Dec 2003, p.124]"

Blender,90,"It, admittedly, may be a bit too much for someone who isn't quite a big devotee of the band, but it's a veritable godsend for those who've been waiting for this for years."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Only Disc 1 is essential, but even the lesser material leaves lipstick traces. [5 Mar 2004, p.68]"
Playlouder,80,"Still, three CDs of good-to-great music is a pretty acceptable ratio, and while this is not meant for the casual Cure fan, its an essential purchase for the hardcore ones."
Uncut,80,"Although clearly of more interest to rabid Cure nuts, Join the Dots is enough to bring joy (or, indeed, heartbreak) into anyone's life."
PopMatters,80,"Beyond unnecessary remixes, there are joyous discoveries to be had here."
AllMusic,78,"Any complaint with this set begins and ends with the list price of $54.98. Beyond that, no Cure freak can do without it."
Stylus Magazine,70,"As a celebration of the b-side, this is such a charming set, despite its inconsistency."
The A.V. Club,68,"It's here, about halfway through this four-disc set, that most people will turn off Join the Dots."
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite a blip of vital signs, this 4-CD sprawl does The Cure's reputation no real favours. [Feb 2004, p.106]"
Pitchfork,60,"This run would undoubtedly be shown to greater effect on a more succinct collection. [Feb 2004, p.86]"
Alternative Press,60,"Brilliant band then, not so brilliant boxset."
Q Magazine,60,"None of these low points will dampen the thrill that this box set will provide for even the most casual Cure fans. [19 Feb 2004, p.72]"
AllMusic,60,"If you're aware of their history, there'll be plenty here to set your synapses tingling. If not, it won't take long before you're bemoaning the band's whininess and saminess."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Aside from their outsider appeal, Join the Dots proves that the Cure's other trump card was Smith's misery-drenched knack for gleaming pop melodies. [Mar 2004, p.138]"
No Ripcord,40,"The B-side was never meant to bear this much relentless inspection. [Feb 2004, p.113]"

Stylus Magazine,94,"Cast of Thousands is a great record, beautiful and emotionally powerful as well as musically inventive... a refinement and extension of their vision that will emerge as one of the best records of the year."
Billboard,91,"[An] elegant mix of jazz, electronica and lush gospel choruses."
Austin Chronicle,91,"Finds these thoughtful Brits exploring even more emotional territory. [Mar 2004, p.96]"
Dot Music,90,"It's human where Radiohead are impenetrable, but complex where Coldplay are banal.... Elbow remain unquantifiably great.  [Sep 2003, p.100]"
Pitchfork,90,"A record that anyone whos ever demanded anything interesting from rock music should hear."
Mojo,88,"Possesses a rare beauty and a singluar honesty. [#9, p.111]"
Uncut,83,"Just when this occasionally draggy album threatens to give in to its own malaise, the band interjects a lound, jarring organ or jagged noise. [23/30 Jan 2004, p.98]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The song-structures possess Radiohead's abstract bent, but maintain Coldplay's engaging audience connectivity."
Rolling Stone,80,"While the first album broods, the 11 songs on this disc are mostly smooth and flowing."
The Guardian,80,"An album of moody, grungy pop with a distinctive British feel that could easily be one of this year's sleeper hits. [#23, p.97]"
Blender,80,"A nuanced masterpiece. [Feb 2004, p.88]"
Q Magazine,80,"One of those classy records that will sound good forever, no matter what you do with it."
Stylus Magazine,80,"More so than ever, Elbow's greatest asset is that the band is capable of making big sounds without being bombastic or flashy.... The only setback? Gospel choirs."
E! Online,80,"For all their generic tendencies, these are fertile minds. [Sep 2003, p.106]"
Spin,80,"Unless you are severely depressed the laggard pace of this record will make it very hard to sit through. Yet each track is delightfully insteresting in its own right. [#5, p.100]"
Uncut,78,"Cast of Thousands rides the borders of sentimentality expertly-- Elbow's new-found hope in unity may seem like idealistic drivel on paper, but is carried off on record with refreshing determination."
New Musical Express (NME),76,"Cast of Thousands is populated by a motley crew of fringe-dwellers, outsiders and no-accounts, looking for a warm place to drink and like-minded company to occupy the waking hours -- and Guy Garvey is the right man to tell their tales."
Filter,73,"Overall, a small step up for the group, but not quite the masterpiece that they might very well be capable of."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It's a grower - no doubt about that."
The A.V. Club,70,"By rights, Elbow should be pretty annoying, the same kind of lardy, overblown and overrated band as their compatriots Doves.... Yet there's something rather haunting and affecting about 'Cast Of Thousands', just as there was about 2001's 'Asleep At The Back', which raises Elbow far above most of their peers."
PopMatters,70,"Elbow... have let new-found bliss propel them to yet loftier heights. [Sep 2003, p.106]"
Outburn,70,"The rare art-rock album that comes as much from the heart as the head."
Alternative Press,70,"Their wall of sounds with lush keyboards and itchy guitars still fire strong. [Nov 2003, p.92]"

Playlouder,91,"[Starsailor] sounds more confident than ever."
AllMusic,83,"Far from a perfect next step, Silence suffers from some slight songs. [23/30 Jan 2004, p.98]"
Q Magazine,76,"If all goes well, people will forego the bad songs and concentrate on the really good ones, and Starsailor will get the message to go subtle and tight. [#8, p.102]"
Under The Radar,75,"The 'Sailor can often sound a little too elfin even by the standards of the early '70s orchestral folk rock they love. [Jan 2004, p.100]"
Pitchfork,60,"There's little to object to on Silence Is Easy, but just as little to distinguish Starsailor's second effort from the many sound-alike albums sure to follow this year."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"'Silence Is Easy' is non-challenging 'pretty pretty' music for early-ageing types who might recoil at anything without an acoustic guitar and tomtoms."
Almost Cool,60,"The reliance on stately balladry can be yawnsome. But this is attractive listening, and it's hard not to be moved by its tenderness."
No Ripcord,60,"Starsailor, then: not very exciting, but damned reliable. [Oct 2003, p.117]"
Dot Music,49,"Defiantly sappy, Silence Is Easy survives mostly on Walsh's oddly graceful singing. Unfortunately, the music on the whole is prosaic, even boring at times."
Mojo,40,"Problem is, 23-year-old frontman James Walsh remains the same sap. [Jan 2004, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,40,"James Walsh does have a beautiful voice, but unfortunately, it's not enough to illuminate Starsailor from the shadow of British bands like Travis and Coldplay. [Feb 2004, p.90]"
Urb,40,"Another like this and they should consider naming themselves after a different Tim Buckley album--Look At The Fool, for instance. [Oct 2003, p.107]"
E! Online,40,"Falls into an identikit pattern of string-laden sentiment. [Oct 2003, p.120]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Sounds like Coldplay covering Barry Manilow."
Filter,40,"Silence is easy, and apparently being boring is, too."
Spin,30,"This is a pompous, blandly histrionic album, faintly monumental in its drabness."

The A.V. Club,80,"A pretty good modern rock record that will make Weezer fans happy."
Playlouder,75,"The tunes are sub-Weez, but the vibe is right. [Mar 2004, p.96]"
The Guardian,70,"The Special Goodness' has crafted a dozen punk and pop-influenced songs that the modern rock hoi polloi will have a hard time leaving alone."
Q Magazine,60,"Makes you smile without even really listening because the whole sound is such a cheering mix of grunt and grin. [May 2004, p.104]"
Pitchfork,60,"An indie version of Weezer's arena emo."
Blender,58,"Alas, those wondering where Weezer would be without Cuomo's most delicious hooks will learn that, too. [23/30 Jan 2004, p.99]"
Alternative Press,40,"Possessing neither Cuomo's melodic nous nor the self-absorbed misanthropy that makes Weezer's best work so compelling, Wilson's power-pop never exceeds cynical expectations. [Apr 2004, p.120]"
Mojo,30,"This collection of warmed-over power pop wouldn't have shown up on anyone's radar if it weren't for Wilson's day job as Weezer's drummer."

Uncut,80,"This album is like expert plastic surgery -- you know some of it may be artificial, but damn, ain't it good?"
Rolling Stone,80,"The songs are better than solid. They're catchier than catchy. These songs are just good."
PopMatters,79,"A record of overwhelming deconstruction and newly explored territorial demarcation."
Dot Music,75,"Ambitious, uneven. [Feb 2004, p.96]"
AllMusic,75,"The change may shock fans, but Phantom Planet wears the shaggy tunes well."
Spin,75,"Phantom Planet, although obviously representing a group still searching for its sonic niche, nonetheless manages to entertain, perhaps proving there can be life after 'California.'"
Billboard,72,"The relentlessness of the pillaging becomes one of the albums virtueseach song wildly varies from the next, revealing thirty-five minutes of noise and pop that extends far beyond the surface into a slowly decaying singalong monster."
Mojo,70,"Whether Phantom Planet will be the second coming of Cheap Trick remains to be seen, but for now, it neatly fills the void for trashy, catchy power pop left by Urge Overkill's premature burnout."
Rolling Stone,67,"The album is absurdly derivative -- songs like ''You're Not Welcome Here'' and ''By the Bed'' could be Strokes outtakes -- but something about its restless energy and sense of what-the-hell surprise is commendable."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"What Phantom Planet lack in stripped-down hooks they make up for with a full-bodied guitar attack and big, bloodletting choruses."
Q Magazine,60,"This willfully noisy, messy album is ultimately just as contrived as the band's glossier sound was, and the shift from The Guest's winsome pop -- which was also a shift from their debut's heavily Weezer-influenced sound -- makes it difficult to get a grip on the band."
PopMatters,60,"Phantom Planet are shooting for something a bit less sunny here than their last outing. [Mar 2004, p.106]"
PopMatters,60,"[Several songs] sound way too much like Strokes castoffs, a situation little helped by... Fridmann's unusually heavy-handed production. [Mar 2004, p.125]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"The whole affair comes off like a desperate bit of trend trawling. [Feb 2004, p.99]"
Pitchfork,40,"This is as cynical a mish-mash of popular trends as you can imagine. [May 2004, p.106]"

Spin,80,"The band attempts to continue to deliver the hits on its seventh album, Splinter, while retaining its punk roots, and the Offspring succeeds on both counts."
E! Online,80,"Throughout, Splinter's sound is powerful and dense, with The Offspring weaving and surging within it like the experts they've become. [Dec 2003, p.109]"
Junkmedia,75,"Taken seriously or not, Splinter holds together just fine."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Only on 'Prison Song,' a jokey fake-oldie, does the Offspring's weakness for novelty tunes lead them astray. [Dec 2003, p.145]"
The A.V. Club,67,"Sure, the Offspring packs a lot of punch, but you sorta find yourself wishing they'd give birth to a pure comedy CD just once. [12 Dec 2003, p.78]"
Entertainment Weekly,67,"They're still pretty fly for old guys. [Jan 2004, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,60,"A safe, calculated release. [Jan 2004, p.121]"
AllMusic,60,"Granted, the Offspring have always dabbled in lyrical goofiness, but on Splinter, this approach seeps into the music as well. [Jan 2004, p.93]"
Alternative Press,50,"Crams every last piece of the Offspring puzzle -- slickly produced rock racket, hints of anti-establishment rabble-rousing, and reams of relationship and strip mall culture gaggery -- into its brief half-hour run time."
Blender,40,"It isn't that Splinter is such a bad disc per se, but more so that it is incredibly unsatisfying."
Mojo,30,"The problem is that most of it is deadly dull."

Q Magazine,60,"A rare and fascinating glimpse into the raw stuff of the creative process. [Jan 2004, p.103]"
Launch.com,60,"A rare peep at the methods of a great songwriter. [Feb 2004, p.98]"
Mojo,60,"Aside from a handful of instrumental snatches... Democrazy's main events are six or seven tantalising sketches. [Jan 2004, p.96]"
E! Online,60,"It is occasionally brilliant and frequently irritating beyond belief."
Blender,33,"Serving as nothing more than a temporary diversion or side note to his fully realised work, this is worth a cursory listen for the insight alone."
Entertainment Weekly,32,"He's already recorded such a wealth of great material that no mystique remains, leaving no real reason for anyone-- including the most dedicated fan-- to seek out these poorly produced musical shreds."
Spin,30,"On the evidence of 'Democrazy', the wrong self-indulgent flake got fired from Blur."
Q Magazine,25,"There are very limited redeeming qualities to this collection of poorly played, badly written tripe."
Alternative Press,20,"And what illuminating revelation do we learn from the half conceived, cottonmouthed rubbish that constitutes Democrazy? In full: thank Christ Blur usually finish writing their songs before they sell them, otherwise theyd be shit."

AllMusic,67,"If it's lowest-common-demon heavy rawk you crave, Life awaits. [28 Nov 2003, p.125]"
PopMatters,50,"Fails to whip up much excitement."
The A.V. Club,40,"They skated by the first time through, due to a couple of fluke catchy songs, but they have no hooks or full-fledged songs this time around, and suffer dramatically because of it."
Uncut,40,"Without the blue-eyed soul conviction of the original, it's enough to make even second-tier grunge has-beens like Seven Mary Three seem like innovators. [Dec 2003, p.145]"
Q Magazine,40,"They cook up an almighty storm, but as winds go, it's rather hollow. [Feb 2004, p.105]"
Mojo,25,"These hammerheads still sound like the touring company of Grunge-a-Mania. [Jan 2004, p.100]"
The Guardian,20,"Third-rate grunge retreads stuffed with overdriven guitars and generic rock-dude melancholia."

Stylus Magazine,80,"Because of the emphasis on brevity and variety (and especially quality), the album's over before you know it and you're left feeling hungry for more Korn."
Pitchfork,70,"Korn have circled the wagons and self-produced their best album to date, refining the formula to a black-cancer marmalade of corrosive riffs, fist-flying rhythms, gothic-carnival atmospheres and toxic vocals."
Dot Music,60,"All fine in principle, except we've heard it all a million times before."
cokemachineglow,40,"Korn are ultra-confident, forgoing the blandishments of heavy-rock virtuoso conceptualist Michael Beinhorn, who produced their last album. [Mar 2004, p.121]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Unconvincing and safe. [Feb 2004, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"A brutal barrage of staccato beats, club-footed riffs and panzer-division stomps."
E! Online,40,"[Korn] sound both out of focus and curiously out of date. [Feb 2004, p.95]"
AllMusic,30,"Take A Look In The Mirror doesnt just sound like a bad album, it sounds like a broken record."
Blender,25,"Korn remain technically proficient, but Take A Look In The Mirror serves only to make the case that the genre has officially screamed itself into caricature. [12 Dec 2003, p.77]"

Q Magazine,100,"Marred only by incredibly pompous liner notes and a lack of worthy rarities. [#23, p.122]"
Spin,91,"Avoid the last disc, groove on the first two, and ruminate on the strange beauty of this sui generis body of work."
Rolling Stone,90,"If Once in a Lifetime does run out of steam toward the end, it has to be said that it doesn't outstay its welcome, and apart from a track or two at the very end, this is a compelling, entertaining listen from start to finish."
AllMusic,80,"At a time when all things punky or funky with an NY zip code are the peak of chic, Talking Heads ought to be lauded as authentic pioneers. [Jan 2004, p.118]"
Rolling Stone,80,"These are songs to admire rather than lose oneself in. [Jan 2004, p.116]"
Dot Music,80,"Even the vague pointlessness that hangs over this product (some interesting rarities  aside from the not-very-different 'alternate takes' of a few tracks included here  wouldn't have gone amiss) can't detract from the incredible music contained in the first two CDs."
Blender,80,"This collection is laced with a compelling sense of psychosis. [Dec 2003, p.156]"
Q Magazine,78,"The first two discs rock with transcendent grace, but stumble on disc three, in part because their last studio albums were uneven."
The Guardian,60,"Once in a Lifetime shies away from the Talking Heads life force. It presents them as winking ironists, not the true black-music believers that they were."
Mojo,60,"Not that they didn't crank out a generous dollop of highlights - I Zimbra, Life During Wartime, Heaven, And She Was et al - but stuff from the debut album now sounds irritatingly thin and scratchy, while material from their last couple of albums, True Stories and Naked, is the sound of a band reaching the end of its tether."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Despite their newfound earnestness, [blink] seem incapable of pretension. [21 Nov 2003, p.82]"
Entertainment Weekly,91,"A dark, emotionally intense record, best experienced on headphones. [Jan 2004, p.97]"
Blender,83,"You can't deny that these dudes are on to something great. Seriously."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Blink-182 have found a new, angrier way to never leave junior high. [Dec 2003, p.135]"
AllMusic,80,"I miss the penis jokes, I sincerely do, but when life's little fuckups sound like cosmic conundrums--and here I'm referring not just to the new disc's big choruses but, more importantly, to its snaking structures and unrelentingly urgent harmonies--now-and-then comparisons fail."
Uncut,80,"An unexpected and welcome maturation."
Mojo,80,"Maturity suits these guys: Five albums into their career, it sounds like they're just getting warmed up."
Dot Music,74,"Blink-182 is a challenging listen, although not for the reasons one usually associates with Blink-182."
Q Magazine,70,"The disc does meander in spots, and its most achingly sincere love songs become cloying, but it's easy to both enjoy and appreciate Blink-182's effort and evolution, especially when hooky pleasures continue to function as its primary stock in trade."
Austin Chronicle,40,"The majority of material... is forgettable. [Dec 2003, p.118]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),40,"The heart of the album sticks closely to their well-tried formula: sing-song melodies and puerile lyrics set against a steady backdrop of numbingly bland riffage. [Jan 2004, p.106]"
The Guardian,20,"Someone should put Blink 182 out of their misery."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"Skull Ring is not merely a testament to Iggy's staying power as an artist, but it is also an amazing feat in that it melds the past, present and future of punk/pop onto a single CD."
Spin,83,"Skull Ring delivers some truly pumping generation-bridging rock moments."
E! Online,80,"'Skull Ring' is Iggy's strongest and most consistent album since 1993's 'American Caesar'."
Blender,80,"Sure, it flags here and there, but Skull Ring is Iggy's most sustained assault since the Instinct/Brick By Brick double whammy. [Nov 2003, p.118]"
Village Voice,80,"Pop has made more nuanced albums than this in recent years, but Skull Ring is about reclaiming the franchise as unselfconsciously as is possible. [Oct 2003, p.125]"
AllMusic,80,"The four tracks on which they collaborate are timely reminders of The Stooges' initial impact and their ongoing influence. [Oct 2003, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,80,"No one could have expected the four Stooges reunion tunes to sound so young and furious. [Nov 2003, p.120]"
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Skull Ring doesn't always capture Iggy at his best as a lyricist, but here what he says isn't half as important as how he says it, and he hasn't sounded this right -- and had music this potent backing him up -- in a decade."
The A.V. Club,70,"The only downers here are the lyrical blunders.... However, the music more than makes up for it. [#5, p.100]"
Q Magazine,70,"Hazardous and hostile. [Dec 2003, p.152]"
Mojo,70,"While the results aren't classic, they're at least presented in a classic style."
Playlouder,70,"Finally, it seems the venerable Iggy has realised that his own brand of nasty, brutish, reductive rock'n'roll is superior to practically any nasty, brutish, reductive rock'n'roll that has tried to supersede it."
PopMatters,70,"In spite of its apparent split personality, Skull Ring is a righteously bombastic affair, and easily the best Iggy record since Brick by Brick."
E! Online,67,"Flails along the same path as 2001's casually brutal return to formlessness, Beat Em Up. [Dec 2003, p.123]"
Playlouder,60,"The real problem, however, is that the Stooges' tracks cast the rest of the album in an unflattering light."
Uncut,60,"Pop uses the strengths and weaknesses of his many guests to differing--and sometimes distracting--effect. [#61, p.88]"
Blender,60,"Unfortunately, Pop puts the head-banging on autopilot with his longtime touring band, the Trolls, to fill out this overlong seventeen-track album."
Mojo,60,"That's the problem with Skull Ring: It's the work of an artist who should be looking within himself to create a modern-may masterpiece, rather than trying to catch a spark from either his chart-topping successors or the band he once fronted so triumphantly. Both acts, in their way, give a whiff of desperation."
Q Magazine,50,"This reviewer wishes he could tell you that Skull Ring is as good as his best past highlights--but it just ain't."
AllMusic,41,"Overproduced, under-written, swaggering nonsense."


Under The Radar,91,"It helps to enjoy Aesop's oscillating growl simply as an instrument, considering it may take months before his endless, seemingly im-parse-able, might-be metaphors start making sense."
Alternative Press,82,"Regardless of his less than subtle studio technique, Bravitz remains one of the most resourceful and bracing artists in his field."
The A.V. Club,82,"Even if it won't hit you on the first listen, Bazooka Tooth remains a strong outing from one of underground hip-hop's most talented, thanks to its unprecedented wealth of lyrical depth and truly individual production style."
Dot Music,80,"An album as dense and uncompromising as his native New York. [Nov 2003, p.116]"
Splendid,80,"There's no question Aesop Rock makes essentially no sense half the time. The other half, he's painting abstract art all over fractured soundscapes. The music is smart and progressive; it's also pretentious and challenging."
Spin,80,"[His] loquacious, dizzying delivery and disjointed imagery paired with the abstract soundscapes of [El-P and Blockhead] make for occasionally uneasy listening. [Nov 2003, p.108]"
The Guardian,80,"Bazooka Tooth not only gets better as the disc goes on -- the beats get thicker, the songs come together more fully and Rock stops proselytizing long enough to let your head bob and relax -- but it actually improves with repeated listens."
Magnet,78,"Perhaps the producers have toned themselves down a bit just so Aesop can rock harder. Maybe they dont want to steal his thunder. Whatever their motivation, the beats feel somewhat restrained, lethargic and lazy. But they are perfectly suited to Aesops limpid down-tempo rhymes."
Rolling Stone,70,"It radiates with a confidence fuelled by acolytes and its fun is infectious. But... the angry cynicism coursing through the album creates a distance between its maker and the listener. [#237, p.53]"
ShakingThrough.net,70,"He doesn't offer an alternative to mainstream rap so much as operate in another world altogether."
Launch.com,70,"In small doses (songs, verses, lines), Aesop's latest is a brutally great argument that hip-hop's new-new-new-new-new-school is as creative as its oldest. [Nov 2003, p.88]"
Pitchfork,70,"The flows may be lacking in precision, but precision isn't always necessary when you've got a bazooka growing out of your grill. [#7, p.88]"
Uncut,70,"Every time you think you've got to the bottom of a particular song, another layer of intrigue presents itself. [Oct 2003, p.118]"
Junkmedia,60,"Its just a shame that the lack of soul in his rotating rap deliveries tends to undermine his masterful storytelling capabilities."
Filter,60,"Bazooka Tooth simply pushes too far."
ShakingThrough.net,30,"Way too much of Bazooka Tooth is purely ego nonsense."

E! Online,83,"It offers a heaping helping of meat-and-potatoes rawk that never veers far from the sing-along template established by their hit ''How You Remind Me.''"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"For fans of Silver Side Up, Nickelback have delivered the goods once more."
Spin,67,"Nickelback's so safe, so sanitized and so damn catchy that it's downright scary."
Q Magazine,60,"None of their new album will be remembered in a few years' time. Yet, like most fast food, there's very little wrong with it right now. [Dec 2003, p.130]"
AllMusic,60,"Brazenly consistent, if unimaginative. [13 Nov 2003, p.99]"
Mojo,40,"Nickelback can now afford a little more time in the studio and a little more time to indulge themselves, and they turn out the same record, only slicker, which only highlights just how oppressively and needlessly sullen this group is."

Under The Radar,80,"A far more rounded proposition than 2000's water-treading Chocolate Starfish. [Dec 2003, p.132]"
PopMatters,60,"With the Bizkit's usual guitar-heavy thrash still in place, songs such as 'Creamer (Radio Is Dead)' and 'Lonely World' get by on Linkin Park-style electronic textures, stutter-step rhythms and catchy, cathartic choruses."
Dot Music,42,"The songs without hip-hop accents or full-on rage merely seem dreary and gray or derivative of vintage alt bands. [10 Oct 2003, p.121]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Their new stuff is  at best  like a minutely less-annoying Staind."
Pitchfork,40,"Durst's problems are ever-present - and does anybody still care?"
The A.V. Club,30,"Since the music has no melody, hooks, or energy, all attention is focused on the clown jumping up and down and screaming in front, and long before the record is over, you're left wondering, how the hell did he ever get to put this mess out?"
Blender,20,"No, Fred, the results don't vary. The results are consistent throughout your new album--consistently crappy."
Stylus Magazine,10,"Eventually, 'Results May Vary' could become a fascinating document - a frightening insight into the vacuous state of 21st century culture."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),0,"This is so so crap."
Playlouder,0,"Sorry, dude, the Results are in--and they're not good."
Austin Chronicle,0,"Forgettable to anybody with a soul. [Jan 2004, p.103]"

Spin,91,"An unexpectedly poppy collection of left-field melodies and twisty song structures that wrap around your brain like a head cold. [19 Sep 2003, p.86]"
Mojo,80,"There'll be plenty of emo kids disappointed by STD's move out of the emo ghetto with In Reverie. Don't let their posturing keep you from exploring a fantastic pop record."
AllMusic,80,"The band's poppiest and most upbeat and musical record yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"'In Reverie' is the record that sees STD (*snigger*) grow into
Q Magazine,their rather obnoxiously large boots and writing the sort of songs that
Rolling Stone,sound less like =emo=tional pap and more like the nerdy, malnourished
Blender,American cousins of Ash's biggest hits."
Q Magazine,70,"Conley could use a few more breakups to check his sentimentality. [Oct 2003, p.126]"
Spin,70,"The impressive thing about [In Reverie]... is how much energy and boyish longing it packs without resorting to emo or pop-punk cliches."
Nude As The News,67,"On the more stripped-down songs, though, Conley's keen intuition pokes through. [Jan 2004, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Chris Conley's metaphorical lyrics remain earnest enough, but because of studio trickery, his vocals sound annoyingly nasal. [Oct 2003, p.120]"

Neumu.net,88,"Ima Robot mines the dark recesses of metal, glam, new wave and electro, meshing its findings without a stitch to produce memorable choruses that stick in your head long after they're gone."
PopMatters,83,"Like Grandaddy, they know the future isn't glitch-free, but they're gonna throw a good party anyway. [Oct 2003, p.113]"
Alternative Press,80,"Goofy out-of-time tunes. [Oct 2003, p.136]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Off-kilter, irreverent and unbelievably addictive."
Junkmedia,70,"There's not much originality on this record, and cliches abound, but... [it] is so full of energy that it demands a listen. [#5, p.106]"
Filter,70,"They won't matter in a year, or even six-months...but for the time being, Ima Robot are an utterly entrancing and joyously frivolous antidote to those pre-winter blues."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The overall effect is a little wayward at times, strangely touching at others, and nutso throughout. [May 2004, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,60,"[A] perplexing, 'is it irritating or is it glorious?' album that meshes the oddball with the serious in a quirky, plastic-punk manner not entirely unlike that of The B-52's and Devo. [Mar 2004, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The end product is an enjoyable, though not enduring, debut offering."
Pitchfork,60,"Ultimately too derivative to fully enjoy."
Dot Music,40,"[Alex] Ebert's voice is the most polarizing set of pipes this side of the Darkness' Justin Hawkins, and most listeners won't be able to get past it."
Village Voice,40,"An energetic, derivative genre exercise. [Oct 2003, p.118]"

Uncut,80,"Reality is easily one of his most emotionally transparent albums."
AllMusic,80,"It's a little artier than Heathen, but similar in its feel and just as satisfying."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"While it might not push the experimental envelope as forcefully as some critics or fans would like, it nonetheless sounds as vital and vibrant as any pop-rock record released this year."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While it's very much a rock album... it kicks in a very 'now' way (this ain't Tin Machine). [Oct 2003, p.112]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Neither a calculated trip to Bowie's past nor a wagon-hitching ride to current pop trends, the album has an energy all its own."
Mojo,80,"Bowie's best music since Scary Monsters. [Oct 2003, p.101]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Bowie's best album for 20 years. [Oct 2003, p.104]"
E! Online,80,"By keeping it simple, Bowie has avoided the stupid, said more with less and made the clearest record of his career. [#61, p.88]"
Blender,73,"This is as close as Bowie has ever come to simply 'pretty good' in his storied career."
Magnet,70,"It's the sound of a man who's worked out how to be good again, who finally understands his own strengths and limitations."
The Guardian,70,"Lucid, enjoyable and occasionally full-on rockin'. [Oct 2003, p.115]"
Trouser Press,70,"Bowie toughens up his sound, sawing at the edges of Jonathan Richman's 'Pablo Picasso' and, on 'New Killer Star,' reclaiming the insinuating guitar propulsion he'd loaned to Lou Reed when he produced Transformer."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"So, his best album since 'Scary Monsters' (ARRRRGGGHHHH!!!)."
Austin Chronicle,67,"The album quickly reveals itself to be a muddled effort of overproduction and drab lyrics."
Playlouder,67,"A relaxed, even graceful affair. [Dec 2003, p.123]"
Uncut,58,"Reality's core flaw is the same on e that has marred Bowie's work since 1993's Black Tie White Noise: studio-slick production that drowns even the best musical ideas in digitally processed canola oil. [19 Sep 2003, p.85]"
Amazon.com,50,"Its solid, but it has no power over me."
PopMatters,40,"While Reality isn't a failure by anyone's standards, there's precious few moments that you can recall, much less hum, an hour after listening to it."

Billboard,100,"Amazing new music from Shields.... The perfect soundtrack to a brilliant movie. [Dec 2003, p.89]"
Launch.com,83,"Included are (somewhat disappointing) new tunes from Air and My Bloody Valentine mastermind Kevin Shields. [10 Oct 2003, p.124]"
AllMusic,80,"Showcas[es] [Shields'] typically speaker-buckling white noise. [Nov 2003, p.126]"
Mojo,80,"A spectacular triumph."
Splendid,80,"That's quite a timespan, though, and it does mean that one minute you're reeling from the hormonal stench of a roomful of anguished shoegazers and the next you're surrounded by happy little Japanese girls wearing anti-gravity shoes and doing Steiner dancing with wafty pastel banners. But that's just as it should be."
Trouser Press,80,"Shields' four contributions are everything you'd hope for. [Oct 2003, p.126]"
Pitchfork,80,"As worthwhile as Shields' contributions are, it would be a mistake to let them eclipse the rest of this fine soundtrack."
Rolling Stone,68,"Disappointing, but still a worthy purchase."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"For the most part, the tracks hang together and flow relatively well, orbiting the shimmering dreampop mass that serves as the record's unstated inspiration."

Magnet,91,"Amazing Grace is at peak moments an amazingly graceful representation of MC5/Stooges skid marks on a psychedelic superhighway. [Oct 2003, p.112]"
Blender,90,"Another Spiritualized album. Another great Spiritualized album. [Oct 2003, p.120]"
Alternative Press,90,"Indolent, perturbed and volatile, Amazing Grace finds Pierce checking his wide-screen Spectorian visions at the studio door; he has opted, instead, for a coarse mix of electrified Southern gospel and somnabulent balladeering that has produced the most urgent Spiritualized album since Electric Mainline."
Q Magazine,85,"Review 1: He may well be repeating himself... but Spiritualized are still a force. Review 2: With Amazing Grace, Pierce has achieved a perfect balance between his traditional blues-rock leanings and his appetite for studio excess. [Score is an average of both reviews: 79 and 90]"
Uncut,83,"[Pierce is] not averse to thrash; songs like 'Never Going Back' find him crawling around in broken glass like Iggy, a supplicant for love. [12 Sep 2003, p.153]"
Launch.com,80,"Pierce's organic approach on Grace makes the album feel exquisitely intimate, personable and warm. [Oct 2003, p.138]"
Splendid,80,"While the songs aren't that different from 'classic' Spiritualized, the method in which they were recorded presents a whole new set of sonic possibilities."
Trouser Press,80,"The sound is taut and tough, with a much more spontaneous sound than previous efforts. [#23, p. 101]"
Filter,80,"Even in the current climate, they sound unique."
Neumu.net,80,"Amazing Grace holds its place in the ever-evolving sound of one of the most momentous bands of the past decade. [Oct 2003, p.86]"
Mojo,80,"There is absolutely no doubt that this is an important album."
Magnet,80,"For every song that reacts against the last album, another chimes perfectly with its mood of epic redemption. [Sep 2003, p.101]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"More difficult when played initially, you will find yourself becoming immersed in it, a generous reward for your initial endeavours."
PopMatters,80,"Amazing Grace is loud, dirty, sloppy, and crude. But it rocks hard. [#5, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,78,"Easily the least indulgent of the releases for the group thus far."
Blender,70,"It is a Spiritualized album in every sense of the word: bombastic, beautiful, energized, dynamic, and for some damn reason, just a little emotionless."
Pitchfork,62,"Even in its most inspired moments, Amazing Grace lacks the fiery intensity of any of Pierce's previous outings."
AllMusic,60,"Amazing Grace is far from a bad album, but it's not an especially compelling one, either."
Alternative Press,60,"At its best, Amazing Grace finds Pierce and his many supporting players piecing their disparate moods and sounds into moments of catharsis only Spiritualized could create. But too often, those ingredients are doled out separately, as the album jerks through jarringly integrated fragments that should have run together seamlessly."
Uncut,60,"It may still sound beautiful, but too often Amazing Grace comes off as mere formula."
AllMusic,60,"Much of 'Amazing Grace' is the tired evidence of a man rehashing the same ideas - rather than sounds and movements - like a robotic, assembly line Andy Warhol."
The Guardian,50,"Pierce seems to have lost the magic that he once seemed in total command of."
Alternative Press,50,"A return to form, though, doesn't imply a return to greatness."
PopMatters,50,"The elements of free-jazz, mopey techno, and hypnotic riff rock find familiar combinations as Pierce's peace, love, and drugs philosophy takes on a perfunctory turn."
Dot Music,40,"The Bible talk and the vintage-guitar distortion sound so rote it's hard to imagine Pierce is baring his soul rather than just plumbing the depths of his record collection."
Stylus Magazine,40,"The mood is too inconsistent to connect. [Oct 2003, p.127]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"An orgy of harmonica, squalling guitar, plodding ballads and ill-fitting minimalist trousers. What on earth is going on? [Oct 2003, p.113]"
Q Magazine,10,"This is drivel inflated to whole new levels of bombast. [#235, p.72]"

Nude As The News,80,"A very good album."
Playlouder,75,"[Kelly Jones'] occasionally catchy songs are besotted with American-style blues-derived stomp. [26 Sep 2003, p.94]"
Mojo,70,"What some see as derivative, unoriginal bollocks others view as honesty, craft and a lack of pretension."
Magnet,60,"A solid rock effort."
Spin,60,"Jones's voice and melodic savvy means this album boasts--if you will--just enough entertainment to perform. [Jul 2003, p.109]"
The A.V. Club,60,"It's neither exhilarating nor challenging, but it is a solid and energetic work, imbued with an unambiguous love of old-time rock."
Launch.com,60,"For fans, You Gotta Go... is just different enough from what came before to keep ears interested. For everyone else, this will seem like more of the same. [#5, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,40,"The lyrics are full of fleeting assignations and gruff, bumper-sticker wisdoms, apparently seeking to draw hard-bitten romance from the business of being in a band. [Jul 2003, p.107]"
Pitchfork,40,"Sees them attempt the same move The Charlatans made with their last LP, but less successfully. [Jul 2003, p.111]"
Austin Chronicle,30,"A mind numbing mix of unexciting midtempo rockers and smarmy ballads. [#23, p.101]"

Blender,83,"Sure, it has a slightly confusing air to it, but with lost gems like 'Ali's Waltz' and 'Beautiful World' popping up along the way, that's part of the fun."
Drowned In Sound,83,"While the electronic cuts drone, Orton's emotive strumming in 'Ali's Waltz' will break your heart. [5 Sep 2003, p.76]"
Playlouder,70,"You can mess with Orton's music however you want -- add layers of electronica or strip them away to reveal the folkie within - and the songs will still work, because her melodies are that strong and her voice that compelling."
Dot Music,70,"On this disc, which bustles with other artists' flashes and flourishes, the different personalities sometimes vie for attention."
Stylus Magazine,70,"It's certainly a lot more wide-ranging and engaging than its predecessor."
Spin,60,"There are some real gems hidden in here, though the jumbling of genres and quality makes for an album that sounds altogether ill at ease."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Hits a nice stride between toe tapping and stargazing but doesn't rock the boat too far in either direction. [#5, p.114]"
Rolling Stone,60,"An added bonus for Orton loyalists."
Pitchfork,40,"If you bought Daybreaker, stop! You're done. [Dec 2003, p.89]"

E! Online,80,"Another wildly implausible Shaun Ryder comback. Just when we needed one. [Aug 2003, p.98]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Sure, it's more interesting than the still-born, awkward second Black Grape album Stupid, Stupid, Stupid, largely thanks to its intricate, layered production, but the end result is calculated without reaping the rewards of its precision."
Uncut,60,"The results career from interesting to neglibile. [Aug 2003, p.95]"
PopMatters,20,"Most disappointing of all... is the drab nature of Ryder's contribution: slurred, incoherent, and largely based around drug stories and lots of swearing. [Aug 2003, p.103]"
Blender,20,"It's the state of the great man himself that's truly depressing. If the slurring on 'Murder' (pronounced muurrrerrr) is an attempt to sound like a stroke victim, it's worryingly convincing."

Q Magazine,100,"A glorious blend of punk and power pop straight outta '78. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.133]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Good stuff, and it sounds raw as hell."
AllMusic,80,"Bazooka!!!'s distillation of rock history roars with irresistible energy and zest, making the album an unabashed delight. [Oct 2003, p.138]"
Village Voice,70,"An excellent debut.... Derivative, but irresistibly infectious.  [Sep 2003, p.129]"
Mojo,60,"For most of Bazooka!!!, the Star Spangles sound like a rowdy bar band just playing a set of songs they love."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"An uneasy hybrid of furious, three-minute punkers and would-be anthemic ballads in the time-honoured Ramones style. [Aug 2003, p.115]"
Launch.com,50,"With strictly 1978 sleeve and clothes, and no new ideas, they just don't matter like their models did. [Sep 2003, p.97]"
Drowned In Sound,42,"After one truly cool tune, their feeble musicianship becomes a problem. [Oct 2003, p.113]"

Mojo,100,"Indestructible is the document of a band retaining their energy and refining their vision to be honest to themselves and their fans, while spitting venom in the eyes of their detractors. [Oct 2003, p.115]"
Alternative Press,91,"Their warmest album ever."
Austin Chronicle,90,"A nineteen track salvo of glorious musical mayhem."
Spin,90,"Rancid are currently the best and most consistent and most observant rock n roll writers on the planet."
PopMatters,83,"It's when Rancid downshift that things get really interesting. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.131]"
Blender,80,"If you know Rancid and love Rancid, you will love this record like an old friend."
The A.V. Club,80,"Rancid find plenty of ways to bend punk's rules. [Sep 2003, p.127]"
The Guardian,75,"After ten years, Rancid's still-rock-solid kinship is evident in their lock-step chemistry. [Oct 2003, p.108]"
Rolling Stone,75,"Indestructible feels a lot less dangerous than their previous discs."
Playlouder,70,"It often lacks the charge of inspired discovery that accompanied its '90s predecessors."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"They're not out to break ground as much as to perfect a sound they consider timeless -- and on portions of Indestructible, they nail it."
AllMusic,70,"While dull moments are few and far between, there's little among these 19 tracks to rival such hummable past glories as Time Bomb or Roots Radicals. [Oct 2003, p.113]"
E! Online,60,"This is an essential purchase for any Rancid fan."

ShakingThrough.net,91,"Clever and droll but also hypnotic and mysterious."
Pitchfork,86,"Monkey House doesn't contain as many excellent songs as Thirteen Tales (which enjoyed more memorable hooks and catchier lyrics), but it is, unquestionably, the group's most thematically grounded and bracing record to date, celebrating and critiquing the messiness of the music world as effectively as any album in recent memory."
Dot Music,83,"The progression into synthetics and New Order-isms seems so natural, it's almost hard to imagine the Dandys could ever have made music any other way. [#7, p.86]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"As synth-rock rebirths go, it's highly convincing. [Jun 2003, p.95]"
Q Magazine,80,"A diverse collection of consistently good songs with little filler."
Uncut,80,"What's most fascinating about Welcome to the Monkey House is that, in the midst of copious drug usage, heavy drinking and god knows what else, the Dandy Warhols have emerged with an album so cleverly coherent that it simply couldn't have come from anywhere else."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A staggering, synth-smeared beauty of a record."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Relentless rhythms and boisterous basslines propel the disc's quick-paced tunes to their catahrtic capital-letter choruses. [Aug 2003, p.104]"
Pitchfork,80,"It's arrogantly risky. That's their best feature. [Jun 2003, p.100]"
Alternative Press,75,"An unlikely but not unwieldy combination of New Order and later Sparks. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.132]"
Neumu.net,70,"Guest stars (from Simon LeBon to Tony Visconti) arrive at a faster clip than truly memorable songs, but the slick vibe allows the album to slink by until it arrives at bright spots like the transcendently trashy 'You Were The Last High.'"
Blender,70,"Here's the '80s revival long plotted by style journalists given an accessible alt-rock face, a deftness missing from most of the arid purveyors of sexy robot music."
Splendid,70,"Comes on like an evil Duran Duran making future music for damaged teens.... It's both disturbingly compelling and very, very wrong. [Jun 2003, p.112]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"Smarter, bouncier and more full of insidious electronic hooks than its predecessors. [Aug 2003, p.124]"
The Wire,60,"Thirteen Tales From Urban Bohemia might still be the band's most accomplished album, but by embracing their emptiness and stylishness on Welcome to the Monkey House, they've crafted an album that is no less enjoyable because of its disposability."
Rolling Stone,60,"On first pass the album might feel like a lateral or even backward step. After repeated spins, however, its subtler arrangements take up digs in your head like pesky squatters who one day, inexplicably, start doing chores or even paying rent."
Urb,60,"There are fewer acerbic-tinged, catchy pop tracks that made thier last two efforts so essential. [Oct 2003, p.86]"
Filter,40,"Feels like a prototype for something not yet fully realized."
Mojo,33,"These songs highlight the poseur mentality and insincerity that paradoxically plagues and blesses The Dandy Warhols."

Amazon.com,90,"These days music fans will be hard-pressed to find an album so satisfying."
AllMusic,83,"A high-voltage treat. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.133]"
PopMatters,80,"They now have more in common with Jane's Addiction and the Red Hot Chili Peppers than they do their former mentors Papa Roach."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"When they crank out catchy ditties on harmony-heavy cuts like 'Drifting Apart,' AAF sound like a bunch of old pros--old pros who are still having a blast."
Amazon.com,70,"Their brand of ant music has matured and expanded noticeably since ANThology. [Sep 2003, p.98]"
E! Online,67,"The album feels unfocused, and this time, Alien Ant Farm don't have a novelty hit up their sleeve. [Sep 2003, p.111]"
Q Magazine,50,"Blending careful harmonies with insidious melodies and woeful lyrics with clever vocals, AAF stick a couple of Hispanic influences and some string quartets in as well."
Rolling Stone,50,"Sadly, AAF don't seem to have come away from their near-death experience with any sense of their own limitations or their own transience. Instead the band simply exists within these limitations."
AllMusic,40,"Alien Ant Farm's songs may be catchy, but their wishy-washy personality makes it hard to care. [Sep 2003, p.118]"
Q Magazine,20,"Sounds like a teenage Faith No More at their first practice. [Sep 2003, p.116]"

Rolling Stone,90,"Franti and Spearhead almost made a deliberate attempt to stray from the typical hip-hop beats and go for something a bit more organic and acoustic than their previous efforts -- and the experiments more than pay off."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Musically and vocally, this is Franti's most confident and varied work to date. [Jul 2003, p.106]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Everyone Deserves Music excels beyond simple good intentions because Franti and Spearhead are also at peace with their musical influences."
The Guardian,80,"Always undervalued as a songwriter, Franti reassembles his familiar building blocks of rock, reggae, and vintage R&B into the funkiest, most inviting neighborhoods he's yet created."
AllMusic,76,"The musical stretches Spearhead makes go a long way toward making Everyone Deserves Music a memorable, even highly recommended affair, but the sanding down of Franti's rougher edges just prevents it from being an essential album. Spearhead fans deserve more consistently inspiring fare than they get here."
Launch.com,70,"An intelligent, well-crafted and catchy mix of funk, rap, soul and right-on sloganeering. [Jul 2003, p.104]"
Dot Music,70,"The pie-in-the-sky ambitions may be a little much, but credit Franti for dreaming up a kinder, gentler new world order. [Sep 2003, p.122]"
Playlouder,70,"A joyous celebration of life that pulverizes bullets with positive vibes."
E! Online,67,"Musically, it's as diverse as anything the band has ever done, smoothly vacillating between forceful beats and heady grooves."
Alternative Press,67,"When he gets it right, the rich grooves and soulful voices can be sublime, like early '70s Curtis Mayfield or Sly and the Family Stone."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Delivers a spiritual and political message that's both sensual and relevant. [Oct 2003, p.185]"
PopMatters,50,"It seems as though Franti's writing has morphed into messages of peace, love, and personal empowerment without context -- which doesn't make the songs bad per se, just closer to average."
AllMusic,40,"'Never Too Late' sounds like an unhappy mix of Randy Newman and Arrested Development, and sometimes Franti sounds like a clap-happy Seal. [Jul 2003, p.130]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"This is the sound of a superstar in the making. [Nov 2003, p.107]"
Blender,90,"An exceptional album filled with passionate, intense, and highly personal songs."
Rolling Stone,90,"A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar will be the album of the Indian summer, warm and wistful all the way through."
Spin,83,"Expands the parameters of the band's earlier acoustic-based sound, with the addition of electric guitars and more complex drumming enhancing frontman Chris Carrabba's emo-lite songcraft. [15 Aug 2003, p.77]"
Alternative Press,83,"For a 28-year-old, Carrabba remains remarkably fluent in the language of teen heartbreak. [Sep 2003, p.107]"
Junkmedia,83,"If you're not already part of the Dashboard faithful, these tortured-by-love songs get to be a bit much."
Spin,80,"Musically, DC continue to improve, supplementing their acoustic, sparse approach with radio-friendly pop and tracks that subtly ebb and flow; just beware of a few lightweight and labouring moments."
Alternative Press,80,"Carrabba's work is so specifically stuck in adolescence that, even if it's presented in a prettier package as it is on A Mark, it's still very difficult for anybody past sophomore year in college to really connect with his music."
Logo,80,"Gil Norton's production has taken the band to new heights, allowing the music to have as much grit, substance, and dynamics as the lyrics."
Under The Radar,80,"A Mark is the first time he's let the musical intensity match the lyrics."
Splendid,70,"A Mark... dramatically improves on its predecessors, thanks to a much broader array of subject matter and a newfound emphasis on full-band arrangements that strip away--or at least drown out--his penchant for whiny navel-gazing."
Q Magazine,70,"Most of the excesses inherent to the subject matter and songwriting style are cumulative; if you take A Mark track by track, it's quite an accomplished set of (admittedly similar) songs."
Mojo,70,"As a songwriter, Carrabba is growing: this album shows more melodic and tonal variety than his previous efforts. [#18, p.118]"
PopMatters,50,"As with Carrabba's earlier work, though, the problem with A Mark is the utter lack of personalized context in which his heart-on-your-sleeve songs operate."
AllMusic,20,"He's dispensed with the grittier elements and plumped for a straightforward US college rock backing, with dismal results. [Nov 2003, p.112]"

Rolling Stone,80,"They're so straightforward, you can forget how crafty, even sly, Smash Mouth can get. [Sep 2003, p.129]"
Blender,70,"Harwell may be the only rocker to sing worse than Ja Rule, but no matter -- his mates are experts in the art of the good-timey throwaway."
Launch.com,70,"Perhaps the formula is wearing just a tad thin. Nevertheless, it's always foolish not to celebrate melody."
AllMusic,70,"Much of Get the Picture? flows together as one long Farfisa-fueled symphony. This is good and bad; what they do, they do well, but it's still rather easy to suggest that each Smash Mouth album has, more or less, sounded like the last."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"It's hard to get excited about it, but just as difficult to dislike it."
Uncut,67,"37 minutes of breezy melodies, throwaway lyrics, and solo-free arrangements. [8 Aug 2003, p.72]"
The A.V. Club,60,"If nothing really catches hold as a song, there's still a lot of tuneful, appealing material here, and it functions well as a party album for those hot days of summer."
Q Magazine,25,"There must be some kind of new world record in terribleness here."
Mojo,20,"Nauseatingly upbeat. [Oct 2003, p.138]"

Magnet,100,"The most vicious album of the year. [#23, p.84]"
Pitchfork,100,"Fiercely intelligent, heavy as fuck, powerful and utterly concise, it's a perfect reminder of the potency of great guitar music and a kick up the jacksy of rock bands everywhere. Yup, it's that damn good."
Dot Music,100,"Rarely have they sounded more comfortable with themselves. [Oct 2003, p.116]"
Blender,90,"Killing Joke feels as fresh and exciting as 1981's album of the same name."
Rolling Stone,90,"Grohl's pounding presence throughout lifts Killing Joke right back to the savage intensity of their early records.... The best punk album in years.  [Aug 2003, p.106]"
Playlouder,88,"Its not the most subtle or nuanced album, you cant really dance to it, and its not particular clever. What it is: brutal, full of hooks, rock solid and fucking loud."
E! Online,83,"Only the somewhat sterile production detracts from a fine reunion. [15 Aug 2003, p.76]"
Spin,80,"Grohl's furious playing fits perfectly with the wall of rage erected by Joke vocalist Jaz Coleman and fellow founders Geordie Walker on guitar and Youth on bass."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A triumph indeed. [Sep 2003, p.102]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Killing Joke doesn't supersede the previous self-titled incarnation so much as it refines the band's legacy and sound without sacrificing an ounce of fury. The result is a real keeper."
Austin Chronicle,80,"While Killing Joke's discography has more than its fair share of awkward and overly ambitious albums, they've once again returned to the fury and focus of their classics."
Urb,70,"This is a credible update on the classic Killing Joke sound. [Oct 2003, p.118]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"For all its feverish bluster, this... is patchy at best. [Sep 2003, p.102]"
Q Magazine,40,"All the humorless gloom and doom feels oppressive after a while. [18 Sep 2003, p.74]"
Drowned In Sound,20,"If you wanna hear some Killing Joke, do yourself a favor and go get a copy of the band's original debut self-titled record or What's THIS For...! (which were complete trend-setters), because this latest release comes off as nothing but a lifeless self-parody of those albums."

No Ripcord,90,"[It's] Ween's darkest record, and it is tremendous."
Uncut,80,"The band's most accessible album to date."
AllMusic,80,"There's something here for everyone, to be sure--but closer to Ween's antic hearts, something to annoy everyone as well."
Stylus Magazine,80,"A glorious and preposterous journey."
Pitchfork,80,"This is Pure Guava performed with the precision and cleanliness of White Pepper -- perhaps a mixed blessing for some (those who long for the Scotchguard-fueled madness of The Pod), yet it's a sheer delight for those who patiently sat through the longest period between Ween albums yet."
Spin,80,"With Ween, nothing is done by halves. [Nov 2003, p.126]"
Uncut,80,"Plenty of smokey psychedelia, country-rockin' fun and damn fine tunes. [Oct 2003, p.122]"
Splendid,78,"Reaffirms the iconoclastic duo's ability to be novel without succumbing to novelty."
Stylus Magazine,77,"I don't think anyone who already has some notion of wanting quebec could possibly be disappointed-- it's the genre-defying psych of The Mollusk and the incongruous irreverence of 12 Golden Country Greats, and some of the madness that is GodWeenSatan, and it's a lot better than the go-nowhere White Pepper."
Entertainment Weekly,72,"True, most albums lag in the second half, but the lag here is so noticeably at odds with the intelligent goofiness it follows as to almost negate it."
Alternative Press,70,"Though Quebec feels more like a collection of songs than a consistent album, the songs are generally good ones. [#5, p.110]"
Nude As The News,70,"These oddballs have chops aplenty, and the balancing act they pull off on Quebec is no joke. [Sep 2003, p.132]"
Outburn,40,"Even a saint would find their patience severely tried by this. [Oct 2003, p.118]"
The Guardian,40,"There's something positively stagnant sounding about Quebec."
Urb,40,"Unfortunately, they don't have enough good musical ideas to pick up the slack."

No Ripcord,83,"Singer Jon Bunch's vocals remain powerful and dynamic, while the songs ditch most of the weighty orchestration that slowed down previous efforts."
Mojo,80,"Living Outside is as conscious a follow-up record as there can be, but it's likely also the record Sense Field would've made anyway, even without the band's mainstream ascendancy."
Playlouder,60,"The only thing glossier than the production on these high-school hallway-gossip tracks is the shimmery snottiness that permeates [their] lyrics. [Aug 2003, p.106]"
Under The Radar,30,"Oh, big breathy bombast, they name is Sense Field. [#60, p.113]"

Almost Cool,90,"It really is like they've never been away; their glee and enthusiasm can be heard coursing through every bar."
PopMatters,83,"An ambitious, exuberant effort that moves through hard-rock cave stomps into swaggering funk and loopy folk, ''Strays'' sounds like the work of a committed band intent on hanging around longer than the current Lollapalooza life span."
Pitchfork,80,"Nothing too shocking, then, but their old magic surges through: you won't be disappointed. [Sep 2003, p.112]"
AllMusic,80,"Jane's Addiction have finally come up with music that can stand alongside their previous albums."
The A.V. Club,80,"Better than anyone could have predicted. [Sep 2003, p.112]"
Amazon.com,80,"They sound great on it. [Aug 2003, p.90]"
Dot Music,80,"One of the best rock albums of 2003."
Neumu.net,80,"Perhaps a sign of the group's growth as artists, perhaps merely a hint of the changing times, Strays is an expertly crafted rock album, noticeably lacking much of Jane's earlier alternative sensibilities."
Flak Magazine,80,"This is a band consolidating their talents rather than simply showcasing them. [Aug 2003, p.108]"
Launch.com,78,"What was once so fresh is now a little tired. [#6, p.80]"
Rolling Stone,70,"It's good in its own right, but perhaps you're better off listening to it in isolation from the rest of their canon. It's not quite there, but it is definitely a good record."
Blender,68,"Bereft of the force of ideas, the swelling of potential, it largely settles for a pleasant, high-calorie buzz of guitar heroics and sonic familiarity."
Q Magazine,67,"The songs rock -- and ferociously -- but that's pretty much all they do."
The Wire,67,"This is carefully architected to pack arenas."
PopMatters,60,"Strays masterfully re-creates the surface of Jane's Addiction's sound, but in the process neglects to capture the band's vulnerability, its many idiosyncrasies, or even the all-important sense that Farrell has much left to say."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The power of Jane's Addiction is undiminished by Strays (this is still a band creating music unlike any other artist), but the imagination, bravado, and songwriting smarts apparent from previous classics is sadly missing."
Dot Music,60,"New frontiers for rock aren't exactly broached, but then that was hardly the point."
AllMusic,58,"Strays lacks what what made the band great in the first place: believable songs and lyrics."
Q Magazine,40,"Too much of Strays settles for the pedestrian. [Aug 2003, p.126]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"It is every bit the equal of recent pop classics like the Flaming Lips' The Soft Bulletin, Neutral Milk Hotel's In The Aeroplane Over The Sea, or The Shins' Oh, Inverted World."
Under The Radar,100,"Simultaneously joyous and joyless, all downloaded beats, downhearted lyrics and down-the-hatch daring. [Aug 2003, p.113]"
Mojo,90,"Their most focused, energetic pop record since 'Radiator'.... Certainly, 'Phantom Power' shows up Radiohead's timid adventures, while giving The Coral something to aim for too."
Uncut,90,"Bugger if the Furries haven't gone and exceeded their own expectations with this, a total stonker of a new record that cannot fail to excite and delight on, oh, so many levels."
Outburn,90,"An album of hope and humour and beauty, Phantom Power is frequently as deep and mysterious as the title intimates. [Aug 2003, p.100]"
E! Online,90,"A fabulous record, a baffling, joyful, touching, frustrating, silly, totally seductive album that you can lose yourself in for an hour, a day, a week. [Aug 2003, p.92]"
Entertainment Weekly,89,"Phantom Power sees the down-to-earth Welsh band moving away from genre-hopping and rough juxtapositions, and beginning to blend their influences into an evenly spread melange that simply sounds like a highly evolved pop band."
Rolling Stone,86,"There's a newfound depth to the Furries' music, a sense that no matter how hard the band tries to keep things positive, the darkness in the world has managed to encroach on its outlook and musical approach."
Neumu.net,80,"Though not quite as spectacular as Rings Around the World, Phantom Power is still one of the most refreshingly original and fun releases of the summer."
Splendid,80,"A dreamy, sun-dappled delight, blending pastoral folk, psychedelia, free-wheeling, West Coast Americana and orchestral pop with such apparent effortlessness that its darker lyrical themes - the workings of sinister, invisible forces and the destruction wrought by war - are uncovered only by careful listening."
PopMatters,80,"Phantom Power is a very good album (and, again, compared to many of SFA's peers in 2003, it is far ahead of the pack), but it does lack some of the things that made earlier Super Furry Animals so exhilarating -- the grit, the wild abandon, the absurdity, and the sheer unpredictability, where it was impossible to tell what would happen next."
Under The Radar,80,"A diverse collection of intricately composed pop music, in the broadest sense of the genre."
AllMusic,80,"As mindlessly captivating an album as you're likely to hear all year."
Urb,80,"Sure, it's a jumble, but, like the Beatles' White Album, it hangs together."
Uncut,80,"Yet another shining psychedelic opus."
AllMusic,80,"Some may consider the Super Furries to be treading water on Phantom Power because it feels comfortable and familiar. But when something sounds this good and touches this many bases, I'll take a few more like this one."
Mojo,80,"Phantom Power is pretty much your perfect experience, certainly alongside some jazzy cigarettes and a nubile lovely. [Oct 2003, p.84]"
Q Magazine,80,"Though the overall grainy sheen of Phantom Power sounds a bit forced, it's still not as polished and canned as its predecessor. [#5, p.104]"
Dot Music,80,"The Furries' songs have alwyas been strong enough to succeed without shock treatment, and these antics' absence means the addictive melodies of these classic, mostly straightforward pop and glam jams will just hit your bloodstream even quicker. [Sep 2003, p.104]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"They've made a fine pop record without compromising their trademark quirkiness.... The band's best work to date. [Aug 2003, p.114]"
PopMatters,80,"Phantom Power's Technicolor ballads, flowery pop synths and acoustic touches will leave a smile on your face even as the winter days approach. [#23, p.102]"
Alternative Press,75,"Even if the album sounds more restrained, there is nothing holding back the quality of the material."
Blender,75,"The Welsh quintet's concept-album ambitions are undercut by inherent goofiness, especially when the band parodies Robert Johnson (''Golden Retriever'') and Iron Maiden (''Out of Control'')."
AllMusic,70,"Beneath the sweetest of the album's retro harmonies, though, lurk harsh synths and dark thoughts. [Oct 2003, p.128]"
Q Magazine,70,"Densely composed yet effortlessly melodic."

Uncut,80,"The trio's skill as musicians has clearly evolved since their debut back in '98."
Spin,70,"Head shows Eve 6 tweaking and perfecting their sound to become even more consistent and solid. [Aug 2003, p.104]"
Alternative Press,70,"While they still tackle the same young person themes you expect--girls, loneliness, girls--they do so with professional aplomb."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),70,"It's All In Your Head reveals the band that is very much on top of things."
PopMatters,60,"It's All in Your Head doesn't have the punch that Eve 6's previous albums possessed."
Playlouder,42,"There's little here that Our Lady Peace, Foo Fighters, Everclear and a half-dozen other post-grunge bands don't already do better."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Eve 6 seem to want to improve themselves but keep bumping up against their own limitations of style and substance."
AllMusic,30,"Glumly generic. [Aug 2003, p.124]"

Blender,90,"'Quixotic' can't fail to mesmerise even those who thought Tricky too clever for his own good."
Spin,90,"[A] sensual, endlessly inventive record. [Aug 2003, p.106]"
E! Online,80,"Satisfying but rarely challenging, Quixotic is a fantastic start to a solo career, and its display of range, talent, and charm suggests that Martina Topley-Bird has an endless well of creativity at her disposal and that she is most likely destined for greater things."
The A.V. Club,70,"For the most part it's how you'd imagine: classy, laid-back, so lush it's a wonder the sleeve isn't made out of velvet, trendy beyond human experience and exceptionally well-sung. [Aug 2003, p.115]"
Rolling Stone,67,"Quixotic lacks the spooky atmosphere and layered polyrhythms that made her work with Tricky so magical. [15 Aug 2003, p.74]"
Q Magazine,59,"As ever, Topley-Bird's voice continues to be a strange and beautiful thing, but it's admittedly less strange and less beautiful when framed against this hopelessly warmed over setting."
Drowned In Sound,50,"An overload of genre hopping and exotic finery swamps whatever attracted all the heavyweight talent to her in the first place. [Aug 2003, p.108]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),50,"'Quixotic' is doomed to be a record that has dinner parties nodding in mute agreement at its quality. Albeit half a decade ago."

ShakingThrough.net,90,"Some of the dreamiest pop to emerge on the U.S. side of the pond in recent years."
Filter,80,"Loaded with lilting melodies, powerfully introspective lyrics, swelling harmonies and an orchestral quality whose timelessness transcends trends. [Jul 2003, p.121]"
Q Magazine,80,"It is the quieter songs, like the beautiful Throwing Stones, that make this record the most charming Rubin has produced since Donovan's comeback. [May 2003, p.111]"
Flak Magazine,70,"Heroes and Villains... may offer few tricks or lessons, but nonetheless it is worth more than a casual listen."
Splendid,67,"There's more muscle in their moping this time around. [Apr 2003, p.107]"
Playlouder,67,"The Los Angeles band wants to be Radiohead so bad it hurts, but too bad--they're just too good at pop."
Alternative Press,60,"Those who appreciate an honest, basic record will enjoy Paloalto's simple approach."
Uncut,60,"Just when it's all starting to sound like leftovers from The Bends, rock-god producer Rick Rubin steps in to gie the album some oomph. [24 Jul 2003, p.90]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The tunes are tepid, but that's not to say they aren't enjoyable to listen to -- in fact, the songs aren't bad at all, but they're not exactly great either."

The A.V. Club,100,"Like all great albums, De-Loused in the Comatorium takes multiple listens to absorb, and, even then, you're probably not going to have a clue to what Bixler's raving about. [Jul 2003, p.107]"
Dot Music,100,"This is a record that creates tension from the cryptic and release from the inexplicable. [Jul 2003, p.105]"
Mojo,92,"This album's genuinely passionate without any sort of cheesy emotional transparency. [#6, p.81]"
Blender,91,"The songs explode with creativity, fusing jazz riffs, tribal rhythms, hardcore bursts of noise, and addictive rock hooks into one of the most compelling discs of the year. [18 July 2003, p.73]"
AllMusic,90,"An audacious, bold and provocative artistic statement, an album that raises the bar for any rock band who aspire to re-writing the rulebook. [Aug 2003, p.101]"
Nude As The News,90,"De-Loused in the Comatorium is a musical gem that captures the soul of Mars Volta in a way that soundly delivers on the hype."
Urb,90,"The Mars Volta have not only revived prog-rock as a viable commodity; they've injected it with an electric vigor that the lumbering dinosaur hasn't witnessed in ages."
Austin Chronicle,90,"But while De-Loused in the Comatorium may well remove the stigma from the prog and art rock forms it suggests, and is certainly a monument to unbridled creativity, it can also be seen as bombastic and indulgent."
Pitchfork,90,"It is an ambitious effort, and it could very well leave your brain hurting by the time all of the songs have wrapped themselves around you, because there is so much going on and so much to digest."
AllMusic,86,"Its musical adventurousness proves intoxicating."
Entertainment Weekly,84,"A disjointed mess- brilliant songs gone so awry that I find myself no longer excited by the prospect of listening to the album through, but disappointed."
Dot Music,80,"Recall[s] both Fugazi's punk slam and early Santana's psychedelic sheen."
E! Online,80,"There are moments of prog rock, jazz fusion and freakydelia in this rush of ideas and if that sounds awful then don't be put off. Instead of the shambolic mess that this kinda influence normally entails Mars Volta have come strictly disciplined."
Q Magazine,80,"Roars like Led Zeppelin, churns like King Crimson and throbs like early Santana. [#17, p.138]"
Spin,80,"The Mars Volta has created the antithesis of ATDI, leaving behind any formula or typicality. What they kept was the fire, the fury, and the passion. [#5, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is not an album to listen to casually. It insists on taking over your life for an hour, demands a level of concentration rare in rock, amply repays multiple plays."
PopMatters,80,"De-loused is definitely worth checking out, but make sure to keep an open mind and check any preconceived notions at the door."
Blender,80,"Imagine a jam session between King Crimson, Fugazi and '70s Miles. Now imagine it working. That's the Mars Volta. [Aug 2003, p.98]"
Alternative Press,80,"For the most part, Deloused In The Comatorium is truly exquisite and well worth the wait."
AllMusic,80,"De-Loused in the Comatorium is a very strong debut album for the Mars Volta."
Mojo,70,"Contrary to nearly every other band in music today, the Mars Volta suffer from an abundance of ideas and concepts, not a lack thereof."
Splendid,70,"Teetering on the brink of indulgence, De-Loused proves just how much art you can pack into steadfastly aggressive songs and still call them punk."
Launch.com,70,"Taken as a piece, the record's free-flowing synthesis of Santana, Yes, and Metallica is overwhelming in a good way."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Part prog, part punk and part reefer haze. [#60, p.106]"
Q Magazine,70,"As nuts as they are, The Mars Volta recall the raw potential rock held before it was castrated by radio programmers and corporate control. [Aug 2003, p.99]"
Blender,49,"My biggest complaint is that De-Loused in the Comatorium just isn't fun."
Rolling Stone,40,"Boy, is it a sprawling mess."

Austin Chronicle,90,"A work of beautiful, desolate fragility."
E! Online,80,"An extremely moving and potentially radical record. [Sep 2003, p.99]"
Vibe,70,"Much sparser and looser than we are used to from David Sylvian. [Sep 2003, p.101]"
PopMatters,70,"Faced with conventional, if not threadbare, tunes, Sylvian becomes grand in comparison, humming and mumbling through the subtlest opera of tweaked, quaking noises. [#60, p.117]"
Uncut,67,"Blemish is not sadness or happiness; it is strange observation and relapse."
Q Magazine,40,"His heart-on-a-sleeve earnest emotionalism falls short of being impressive. [#5, p.116]"

PopMatters,100,"There's no reason to buy any other electronica CD this year."
Village Voice,85,"Its not a real consistent journey, because of the eclectic styles, but the masterful sequencing makes it flow smoothly from track to track."
Entertainment Weekly,84,"Its sounds are equally rich and emotive, just not as goblin-esque [as Contino Sessions]. [#5, p.91]"
Spin,83,"For about 17 minutes, the duo's third album comes terrifyingly close to brilliance. [Aug 2003, p.114]"
E! Online,80,"Exotic, deep, unique. [Oct 2002, p.110]"
Dot Music,80,"And though the influences/peers - Stooges, Velvet Underground, Krautrock, Spiritualized, Primal Scream - remain the same, this exceptional collection of visionary psychedelia is more ethereal and somewhat bereft of the cloaked fug of death threats, serial killers or 'eggs bearing insects hatching in my mind' that made 'Contino' such a brain-damaged future Goth classic."
AllMusic,80,"Mind-melting Indian-flavored strings... wispy vocal guest turns... and snarling, droning guitar riffs drench Rising in a pleasing psychedelic haze. [Jul 2003, p.124]"
Amazon.com,80,"Scorpio Rising may not have the coherence of its forerunner, but its individual eclectic achievements still add up to an engaging album."
Rolling Stone,80,"No influence spills into the next song and that makes for fairly rigidly eclectic listening, but it's done so artfully that there's never a sense of stylistic boxes simply being crossed."
The A.V. Club,70,"A curious but highly enjoyable mix of experimental beats and good old-fashioned guitar rock. [Jul 2003, p.92]"
Splendid,70,"An album that's transcendent in fits and starts, undermined by one too many celebs in the vocal booth."
Blender,64,"Perhaps the duo is just second-tier to begin with, or perhaps they just let the needle swing too far towards the rock side of the dial, but the peak moments on Scorpio Rising offer little more than enjoyable nostalgia for overhead-projector light shows."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"There's no doubting their enthusiasm but it seems Death In Vegas have compiled a list of great cult albums rather than actually making one themselves. [Oct 2002, p.102]"
Uncut,58,"While everything on the release is technically put together well and even sometimes compelling (the two album-opening tracks work about the best), most of the time things feel like they've been written specifically for the person who's singing them."
Blender,50,"Not so much a step in the wrong direction as a step in far too many different directions at once."
Rolling Stone,50,"A mixed offering, then, from a band still searching, albeit interestingly, for their own centre. [Oct 2002, p.102]"
Launch.com,40,"A strangely dispassionate exercise in record-collection rock. [#17, p.133]"
PopMatters,30,"Sounds like musicians so thoroughly bereft of ideas and energy that they've resorted to lifting melodies from their record collections wholesale while crossing their fingers for luck, hoping no one will notice the difference between inspiration and theft. [#59, p.88]"
The A.V. Club,30,"So there are a couple of standout tracks, and the rest falls on its arse."

Entertainment Weekly,84,"Tricky hasn't planted his flag on any new territory, but he has gotten a stronger grasp of what has made him such an intriguing and important artist in the last decade. [#6, p.90]"
AllMusic,83,"The Trickster's best record in years. [Aug 2003, p.119]"
E! Online,80,"The album bristles with a new urgency. [Sep 2003, p.100]"
Alternative Press,80,"13 avant-pop gems evocative of Pere Ubu and Talking Heads. [Jun 2003, p.96]"
Outburn,80,"He's a full-fledged alternative auteur, skipping effortlessly from hypnotic electronics to refracted torch songs to balls-out alt-rock. [Aug 2003, p.134]"
Playlouder,70,"So, while this might not be Tricky at his total best, it may well be the best you're likely going to get out of him."
Alternative Press,70,"Quirky, detail-rich arrangements nodding at dub and death metal. [Jun 2003, p.108]"
Splendid,57,"This record is still an example of mediocrity."
Mojo,50,"Vulnerable is Tricky's most accessible album since Maxinquaye, but it has neither that album's shock of the new nor its enduring appeal."
Stylus Magazine,50,"What once sounded like the future's music a decade ago just sounds creepy and dated now."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Tricky's problem is that the future has caught up with him. [#233, p.71]"
Billboard,50,"Very much Tricky business as usual, the sound of a staggering talent laid-up with the longest case of musical flu in history."
Uncut,49,"By the end of the album, Tricky returns to acting on his worst impulses, stumbling through hackneyed sonics and wincing lyrics."
ShakingThrough.net,40,"The year-round sunshine [of new home L.A.] seems to have induced creative lethargy, sapping the adventure that elevated his last album. [Jun 2003, p.106]"
AllMusic,40,"Without the apocalyptic beats and emotional storm clouds that were once his trademarks, Vulnerable makes Tricky all but dispensable. [Aug 2003, p.156]"
Blender,30,"Vulnerable has a cheap sound and a cut and paste feel from beginning to end and is hard to shake. [#5, p.110]"
Q Magazine,30,"Tricky without edges and paranoia is freakin' dull. [Sep 2003, p.118]"

Rolling Stone,80,"Taste The Secret skids by giddily on buoyant beats and gently satirical songs."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The total effect is less a spin through 3 Feet High and Rising than it is an hour of Yogi Bear cartoons --  fine when you hear any one track, but much too much over the course of a full album."
Flak Magazine,80,"It's a hilarious critique of right-wing reactionaries, hypocritical lefties, hyper-commercial consumerism, and the slave-service industry. Like if someone smoked a lot of weed, and turned Fast Food Nation into a hit Broadway musical."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Recommended to any rap fan suffering from bling fatigue. [May 2004, p.110]"
Amazon.com,70,"A collage of pristine party-hop that will both make the kids bounce and the purists smile."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Jazz-influenced hip-hop with a sense of humor."
AllMusic,60,"It goes down like a cold fresh glass of Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince, circa 1988. [Sep 2003, p.102]"
Uncut,50,"Their songs excavate new depths of frivolity. [Aug 2003, p.119]"

Mojo,91,"A fresh, literate blast of nuanced screamers and mid-tempo heart purging. [Aug 2003, p.119]"
Austin Chronicle,83,"Frontman Jesse Lacey seems less interested in pummeling the listener with hooks than in hooking you with carefully crafted dynamics and tempo shifts that add emotional heft to his sensitive-guy crooning. [8 Aug 2003, p.74]"
Pitchfork,80,"This sophomore effort finds Brand New maturing, reaching for textures and song structures instead of clichs."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Ludicrous song titles and minor flaws apart, Deja Entendu is a defiantly intelligent and singularly rewarding piece of work."
Under The Radar,70,"This album is carried by its incredibly poetic lyrics."
Blender,70,"Whereas YFW played like harder New Found Glory with its tales of mean girlfriends and celebration of the joys of teenagerdom, Deja Entendu posits Brand New as a less theatrical and sinister AFI."
Q Magazine,69,"Deja Entendu, while a football field short of groundbreaking, has an air of substance and maturity."
PopMatters,60,"Deja Entendu has more than its share of irresistible singalongs, but Brand New are more poetic and musically adventurous than their emo peers."
Rolling Stone,40,"Musically it's formulaic, with plodding college rock verses morphing into bellowing, nu-metal choruses. [Dec 2003, p.121]"

E! Online,100,"There's something for everyone here. [Jul 2003, p.120]"
AllMusic,100,"It feels more like a band playingto a multitude of strengths than the formal wrestling of Kid A. [Jul 2003, p.103]"
Alternative Press,93,"From a technical standpoint, it's astounding.... But from a purely aesthetic standpoint, it's just downright unmusical. [#5, p.86]"
Magnet,93,"For its moments of gravity and excellence, Hail to the Thief is an arrow pointing toward the clearly darker, more frenetic territory the band have up to now only poked at curiously."
Playlouder,91,"If you haven't already pledged your allegiance to Radiohead, this isn't gonna turn you."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Hail to the Thief is overloaded with miraculous sounds."
Uncut,90,"An incredible album from a band that continues to redefine its boundaries."
Rolling Stone,90,"Radiohead effectively split the difference between its best-known incarnations on Hail To The Thief, which brings the group's Consecutive Great Albums total to a remarkable five."
Alternative Press,90,"Hail lacks the overriding musical, thematic or experimental coherence of the band's post-Pablo Honey work. But it is a strong collection of discrete tracks, like an unreleased B-sides collection finally seeing the light of day."
Mojo,90,"It's startling that a commercial rock band could sound this blood-and-oxygen vital, this meaningful and mighty six albums into their career."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"For all its muddied textures and sideways lurches, it is a magnificently engaging and expansive work. [Jul 2003, p.112]"
PopMatters,90,"The band seems more comfortable in the studio than ever. [Aug 2003, p.88]"
Q Magazine,80,"Of course it's political, and of course it continues to merge electronic experimentation with more familiar rock structures; but it employs all those debate-igniting props simply to further the band's more pressing agenda: to tirelessly explore beauty's terrible fragility."
Filter,80,"This is truly an album that will stay with you once youve let it work its way in."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Like all of the bands best work, Thief requires more than a few listens to fully appreciate, but those who stick around will be richly rewarded."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Despite the anger and bitterness, Hail to the Thief is more musically inviting than Radiohead's last two outings."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Despite the fact that it seems more like a bunch of songs on a disc than a singular body, its impact is substantial."
E! Online,80,"Coheres as well as anything else in their canon. [Jun 2003, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,80,"The biggest problem with Hail to The Thief is its lack of surprise."
AllMusic,79,"While its unrealistic to expect another Kid A-like transformation, by pulling all those familiar elements together, Hail to the Thief sounds, well, a little familiar. [Note: Score listed is an average of two separate reviews: a 68 and a 90.]"
Dot Music,70,"As admirable as Radiohead's quest ongoing quest to ignore expectations, tear up the manual and proudly rebel against the limitations of 4/4 time seems, some of Hail To The Thief comes dangerously close to being all experimentalism and precious little substance. [Jul 2003, p.98]"
Pitchfork,70,"That's not to say there's not some exceptional music on this record, it's just once again the impact of the best moments is dulled by the inclusion of some indifferent electronic compositions."
Blender,60,"Sprawling, overwrought, unkempt rock music."
Junkmedia,60,"The album seems resigned, defeated, passive -- like an hour-long sigh. [#17, p.130]"
Spin,60,"Hail to the Thief's big drawback has less to do with its similarity to its predecessor than the sense that Radiohead's famed gloominess is becoming self-parodic."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The new songs have attitude, but they sound like outtakes from 2000's classic Kid A and 2001's lesser Amnesiac."

Playlouder,80,"[A] measured and thoughtful set of intelligent pop tunes. [Oct 2003, p.114]"
Uncut,80,"Another winning record."
Mojo,75,"The self-deprecation still rings hollow, but the hooks never do. [Jul 2003, p.110]"
Pitchfork,67,"Plays like the musical equivalent of junk food. [6 Jun 2003, p.78]"
ShakingThrough.net,67,"At least they sound like they're still having a good time."
PopMatters,60,"McGrath sounds both sexier and more gentle, sensitive and more irresponsible. [#17, p.143]"
Dot Music,50,"These bawdy Peter Pans of rock are more appealing when they summon their innate raunchy power, instead of coming off like a 2003 version of the Beach Boys with the sand washed off."
AllMusic,50,"There just is a real feel of lightweights here--be it in the band's often balls-less bottom end (a real problem with so many rock bands these days) or just in the overall music itself."
Billboard,40,"Extremely infectious, thick with irony and inexplicably goofy."

Splendid,80,"Superior to both the last two Mode albums and [Martin] Gore's recent solo effort, Counterfeit 2. [Jul 2003, p.103]"
Amazon.com,70,"Despite the amount of rock and soul that Gahan tries to inject into the stew, Paper Monsters only occasionally breaks free of the Mode paradigms."
Nude As The News,70,"Lyrically autobiographical, songs deal with Gahan's trouble with relationships and intoxicants and, though they lack Gore's sense of drama and perversity, they do have a maudlin charm."
Ink 19,69,"Paper Monsters succeeds in revealing the 'new' Dave Gahan, and that's what makes it a faintly embarrassing listen."
Urb,64,"Too much reflection equals not enough action, and Gahan's halting lyrics beg for an urgency and immediacy that Monsters doesn't deliver."
Planet,60,"Gahan's lyrical moochings are inevitably less assured without his umbilical cord to [Martin] Gore, at times bordering on moon-in-June banality. [Jun 2003, p.108]"
Alternative Press,60,"An intriguing companion to DM's Songs of Faith and Devotion, heady with the lexicon of addiction and redemption. [Jun 2003, p.110]"
Q Magazine,60,"Paper Monsters is a competent solo debut, and although it doesn't stray too far from the Depeche mold, Gahan does manage to put his own stamp on the songs."
Outburn,60,"Not everything is as heart-stopping as the velvety, elegiac 'Bitter Apple,' but there's enough quality to suggest that Depeche Mode could use a few Dave Gahan songs. [#17, p.135]"

Stylus Magazine,88,"On Shootenanny!, they take a solid first step toward crafting their opus a la Yankee Hotel Foxtrot or Soft Bulletin. [#6, p.81]"
Entertainment Weekly,84,"Largely tosses out the loopy musical excursions and surrealistic pillow fights of past albums for a tighter, sparer approach."
Blender,83,"It offers the Eels' usual twisted take on California pop-rock, with more prominent blues voicings to complement the scrappy guitars and narcotized atmospherics. [6 Jun 2003, p.78]"
Rolling Stone,80,"E shunts between naked self-examination and arch character studies. [#59, p.91]"
PopMatters,80,"It's not as poppy as some of his other albums, but it is more focused and appealing, and one of the stronger testaments to his ornery talents."
Alternative Press,80,"[Has] a sunnier, jangly guitar pop backdrop. [Jul 2003, p.102]"
Launch.com,80,"By mixing sweet with sour, E's warm and fuzzy mope rock sounds great whether it's blasting out of a convertible on a sunny day or playing in the background on a rainy night."
Amazon.com,80,"The main funk base of E's sound remains consistent but is augmented with harder rock and blues elements, showing he is able to hold onto his signature sound while simultaneously twisting a piece of rose-colored glass into it."
AllMusic,80,"Lighter and more laid-back, with breezy melodies and fuzzy guitar-and-keyboard arrangements that sound built for a summer night's drive."
E! Online,80,"A 21st-century alienated soul album that slips the Eels back into your heart. [Jul 2003, p.120]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Just another chapter of the Eels sound constantly in flux."
Blender,70,"It's better than Souljacker, though not quite as good as Electro-Shock Blues and Daisies Of The Galaxy."
Dot Music,70,"While it's not Everett's most focused effort, musically speaking, Shootenanny! triumphs by projecting an uncharacteristically jovial mood."
Mojo,70,"This is nihilistic pop at its finest. [Jun 2003, p.113]"
AllMusic,70,"A return to quieter, more familiar Eels territory."
Q Magazine,67,"Shootenanny! has all the soft harmonies and lush production of 2000's Daisies of the Galaxy, but while that masterpiece was an homage to symphonic pop, this one is rooted in Southern blues."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"It suffers from a lack of identity."
Pitchfork,60,"There are some fillers on 'Shootenanny!' like 'Rock Hard Times', which means it's never going to be an absolute classic, but it's good to hear E is suffering a little less despair than he's been forced to tolerate in the past."
Uncut,60,"Combines guitar-driven, slightly Weezer-esque songs with the odd moment of touching musical beauty. [#17, p.133]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"This is the kind of bedroom folk pop E's done prettier--and weirder--before. [Jul 2003, p.111]"
Amazon.com,40,"The musical equivalent to steamed broccoli. [#23, p.87]"
Alternative Press,28,"Musically and lyrically, E is spent-- out of ideas, out of innovation, unable to cough up anything but by-the-numbers pop in the fourteen originals he wrote for this disc."

Q Magazine,90,"Creatively, My Private Nation, Train's third album, is the moment this band has worked for since it started making records."
PopMatters,83,"There's a surface attractiveness to many of the songs here, such as ''Save the Day'' and ''All American Girl,'' that rewards closer listening."
Spin,75,"Pat Monahan and his boys have reverted back to their quasi-bohemian roots, meaning they sound like a better Counting Crows (with a dreamier frontman) and less-challenging Wallflowers."
E! Online,60,"Continues to adhere firmly to the rootsy rock of fellow travellers Matchbox Twenty and Counting Crows, while their earnest musicianship and hard work will delight fans of that sort of thing. [Aug 2003, p.115]"
AllMusic,40,"More of the same, except less. [#17, p.145]"
Rolling Stone,20,"Their musical influences sound fifth-hand -- distilled Matchbox Twenty, Black Crowes and Deep Blue Something -- and singer Pat Monahan seems like he's boring even himself."

Neumu.net,75,"Like a crisp Xerox of the band's multiplatinum Break the Cycle, with everything sounding bigger, brighter and tighter."
Alternative Press,60,"Those who connect with Staind will likely find this more consistently satisfying than Break the Cycle."
Spin,60,"14 Shades is nominally heavier than the group's two previous albums, though the band tempers its harsher instincts to let Lewis ruminate unmolested. [Aug 2003, p.132]"
Filter,50,"The tedious MOR power ballads can't seem to get out of low gear. [13 Jun 2003, p. 96]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"At times this album seems interminable. [Aug 2003, p.116]"
Q Magazine,40,"Not memorable enough to be bad, not heavy enough to pack visceral power, most of these songseven radio-friendly ringers like 'So Far Away'are indistinguishable from the work of a hundred other bands with misspelled names, hotshot producers, plentiful tattoos, and optional silly facial hair."
Junkmedia,40,"Part of the problem is the thoroughly unimaginative production, a procession of soft-loud modern-rock cliches that breaks up the ho-hum guitar bashing with acoustic interludes and strings."
Splendid,30,"Another dollop of rock sludge with a remarkably honest title. [Aug 2003, p.115]"
AllMusic,20,"'14 Shades of Grey' features no standout moments or highlights, just a formulaic, plodding, sixty plus moribund minutes that make this album about an hour too long. Avoid at all costs, even if you're a member of Staind's family."
Delusions of Adequacy,20,"Since when is pairing Jewel's poetry outtakes with modern-rock riffs groundbreaking? [Aug 2003, p.102]"

ShakingThrough.net,80,"Rooney is the real deal, and this self-titled debut is perfect summer pop fun that aims to bring a little sophistication to the tried-and-true mainstream boredom, referencing the past and updating it for the present."
Stylus Magazine,80,"The feelgood hit of the summer? Quite possibly. [Sep 2003, p.110]"
Launch.com,70,"Simple, charming and surprisingly innocent. [#17, p.143]"
Playlouder,67,"At times, it's as if he's looking over Rivers Cuomo's shoulder during a chem exam.  [Jul 2003, p.110]"
Blender,65,"An acceptably underwhelming, state of the art, guitar-centric pop record."
Under The Radar,60,"The album's quirky appeal is reflective of Rooney's self-assuredness as musicians."
Dot Music,60,"There are enough sparkly pop moments here to suggest Rooney could become, like the best Hollywood exports, a guilty pleasure. [Aug 2003, p.105]"
Ink 19,40,"The band's performances are utterly competent yet numbingly risk-free."

Uncut,80,"There's plenty of killer talent to be found here. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"40 minutes of soul-searching and bittersweet recollection that nevertheless rocks with major-league efficiency."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Often lives up to its title, but they ought to find a kind way to break it off with the horn section. [Jul 2003, p.110]"
PopMatters,70,"As with the band's other releases, the music inspires clear feelings of love and hate."
Rolling Stone,70,"The usual blend of knockabout punk rock, nutty-boy ska and witty lyrics. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,60,"It's like a thicker, dirtier Good Charlotte."
Magnet,60,"A precision-produced guided missile seeking the hearts of socially awkward skate punks everywhere."
Mojo,40,"Stylistic attention-deficit disorder dilutes the focus and also dates it. [#17, p.137]"

Pitchfork,90,"In a genre considered creatively bankrupt, this is genuinely new metal. [Jul 2003, p.102]"
Neumu.net,80,"A modern, commercially-viable, carefully crafted rock record that also sounds violent, deranged and desperately, incurably sad all at the same time."
E! Online,80,"It is an important leap forward for one of the few American metal bands left who care about the form's emotional evolution."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Just when new metal seemed utterly played out, Deftones blows open the possibilities."
Filter,75,"This is as catchy as heavy gets. [23 May 2003, p.73]"
Spin,75,"This is less an 11-song album than a single long-form mope. [Jul 2003, p.105]"
Mojo,75,"Even if it all sounds pretty much the same as their last few, you'd be unwise to turn a deaf ear to this release."
Dot Music,70,"The record as a whole is less rewarding than its predecessor, though its peaks rival any in the genre."
Alternative Press,60,"Deftones sticks a little too close to familiar territory this time around."
AllMusic,60,"After four very similar albums, they seem to be in danger of painting themselves into a corner. [Jun 2003, p.93]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Its densest aural jungle so far. [#17, p.136]"
Urb,50,"It sounds like a dog howling over a Sepultura record. No, worse. It sounds like Fred Durst."

Rolling Stone,100,"His honky-tonk piano ballads are a little less haunted and more memorable. [June 2003, p.104]"
Pitchfork,90,"Harcourt experiments in more ways than one on this album, never overindulgent in the process."
Q Magazine,90,"From Every Sphere is the ultimate grower, which moves, in your mind, from quite nice to utterly compelling and addictive over a matter of days, or better, nights. [Album of the Month, March 2003, p.94]"
Almost Cool,86,"There's greatness there somewhere but Harcourt needs to spend more time feeling, not doing. [#5, p.91]"
PopMatters,83,"His songs recall both the musical inventiveness of Captain Beefheart and the mopey poetry of Elliot Smith. [30 May 2003, p.116]"
Uncut,83,"He comes across like a smarter, gentler sidekick to Badly Drawn Boy."
Blender,80,"It's a move on from 'Here Be Monsters', musically if not lyrically, and, for all his world-weary posturing, he's still only 25 for God's sake, though obviously in love with the idea of being a great singer songwriter."
Magnet,80,"While such diversity isn't necessarily a bad thing, it does tend to break the rhythm of his albums."
Playlouder,80,"Harcourt might err too far towards gentle whimsy for rock fundamentalists, but otherwise 'From Every Sphere' is a rich treasure trove of sun-kissed grace and summery magic."
Filter,80,"A record that blows up like a supernova and runs the dinner-jacket nobility of its predecessor through a wood chipper. [#59, p.96]"
Spin,80,"A work of polished vagaries, delivered with a real swagger."
Urb,80,"Unlike his obvious contemporaries - David Gray and Tom McRae - Harcourt has produced an album that reaches out beyond the boundaries of the traditional songwriter, yet still comes packed with memorable melodies and robust songs."
Uncut,75,"Harcourt would do himself well by spending a bit more time on his lyrics; a lot of the time it sounds as though he's just filling in the space between choruses."
Blender,70,"With a painterly command of the palette of sound and a fondness for the sweet melody of a lullaby, Harcourt is cousin to multi-instrumental songwriters such as Brian Wilson and Badly Drawn Boy."
Playlouder,60,"Like his debut, From Every Sphere chokes on moments of indigestible excess. [Mar 2003, p.108]"
Mojo,60,"From Every Sphere is frequently let down by Harcourts mediocre songwriting."
Stylus Magazine,58,"To be fair, there is redemption embedded within, a few genuinely interesting bits wedged between stacks and stacks of gooey piano ballads."
Rolling Stone,50,"The listener's attention drifts as Harcourt dips into sleepy introspection, although his voice is so arresting that one won't wander for long."
E! Online,40,"For every aching melodic twist and sagacious lyric, there's a lumpy, sub-Beach Boys dirge and dicing-with-doggerel couplet to negotiate. [Mar 2003, p.103]"

The Wire,70,"A treat. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
Dot Music,60,"The biggest problem with the record is that the eye is on the big picture - from how the songs fit together, to how the overall sound fits a song - that the individual moments aren't all that memorable, clearly lacking singles as forceful as those that fueled Throwing Copper and not quite as compelling as a whole as its predecessor, V."
Pitchfork,50,"Birds of Pray just seems clueless, like a high school kid who doesn't realize that his strident need to seem interesting just makes him a joke, and not a particularly funny one at that."
Q Magazine,50,"Shows that the quartet hasn't lost its knack for constructing earnestly dull songs. [23 May 2003, p.76]"
Vibe,40,"Birds of Pray, their sixth album, sounds a lot like the previous five."
Under The Radar,40,"Every chorus is a rousing tribute to overstatement. [#17, p.137]"
Alternative Press,23,"Do you have any idea how dull it is listening to someone being calm and content?"

The A.V. Club,80,"It feels as if Manson now feels liberated from not being consistently in the spotlight, and his music has opened up as well."
AllMusic,80,"The army of noise behind his bitterness is at once massive and impressive. [Jul 2003, p.117]"
Village Voice,75,"If you aren't down with Manson, this won't change you one bit. But for Manson fans, Grotesque is beautiful."
Q Magazine,67,"Inventive and powerful enough to merit intermittent attention, but ultimately crushed by the weight of its hoary pretensions."
Playlouder,60,"Better than the conceptual barf of its predecessor Holy Wood, but not as sharp as his best record to date, '98's glammy Mechanical Animals. [Jun 2003, p.100]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The good news is that Grotesque rocks like a bastard.... Not so good news is that Manson's shock shtick still lacks real substance. [Jun 2003, p.103]"
Urb,60,"It's an inferior re-run of the Marilyn Manson hammer horror panto that's been showing since '96."
Spin,60,"What's surprising is that there's still so much life in what Manson is rehashing."
Spin,50,"There's nothing that catchy here - Manson seems to have used all his best hooks already. But it's not terrible, and it sounds good LOUD."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Seems to be his regular melange of jackboot glam and electro-metal spiced up with those endearingly juvenile stabs at pretension and subversion. [Jun 2003, p.94]"
AllMusic,40,"His campiest, and skimpiest, since his debut. [#17, p.138]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"Even with several excellent songs... it's the lyrical inanity that makes the most lasting impression."

CultureDose.net,75,"Mostly, it pumps and choogles along at such a clip that there's little time to focus on the shortcomings of individual tracks."
PopMatters,74,"Too much of... Out of the Vein struggles to scratch its way into your memory banks, hobbled by its own melodic shortcomings."
Pitchfork,70,"To his credit, Jenkins is much more interesting a songwriter when he's wounded, offering candor that's not evident on TEB's first two discs."
Rolling Stone,67,"A semi-charming collection of catchy hooks, decent pop rock and just enough shades of darkness to keep you interested."
Q Magazine,60,"If they can keep this sound and get back the hooks, they'd have something as good as their first two records, but, as it stands, this is their first stumble."
Alternative Press,58,"Shows a weakness for arena-rock voguing and Dawson's Creek-dipping melancholia. [Jun 2003, p.108]"
Spin,40,"The group's lite grooves, awful raps and wide-screen choruses are beginning to sound desperate. [#17, p.144]"
Filter,40,"Third Eye Blind are as earnest and energetic as ever but sadly uncatchy."

Pitchfork,91,"Their best by a mile. [Jun 2003, p.100]"
E! Online,90,"It's an album that kills with catchiness."
New York Magazine (Vulture),83,"Spews enough speed, hooks, and sick puns to sate the most ADD-afflicted appetite for distraction. [20 Jun 2003, p.73]"
PopMatters,80,"For a genre whose young bands are increasingly concerned with girls and girls only, the Alkaline Trio have delivered an album offering far more than the pink blush of awkward adolescence. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,75,"The slick production will scare off longtime fans quicker than a cross repels a vampire, but for the rest of us, it's an easy introduction to a crew of weird guys who deserve to be heard."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Another set of sad but very fun songs."
Dot Music,70,"The mean-spirited sounds of Good Mourning are easy to listen to, but hard to forget. [#17, p.132]"
Uncut,60,"Alkaline Trio subvert their perky, zinging three chord mall-punk with misanthropy, melancholy and alcohol-sodden, world-weary wisdom. [Jun 2003, p.92]"
Urb,60,"There's enough mayhem and murder to satisfy any Scarface groupie."

Flak Magazine,90,"This music casts a thoughtful spell that deeper enchants the heart the more times it spins."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The weightless drones and light filigrees are as mesmerizing and familiar as ever when folded into each other."
Amazon.com,70,"The tracks give the listener a greater appreciation for RObin's contribution to the Twins. [#5, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Enjoy it before it all gets used in bank adverts. [May 2003, p.104]"
AllMusic,70,"'Imperial' is an evolving and ever-involving shard of artistry by a true original on his 'Victorialand'-era form nonetheless, and that's got to be cause for celebration."
Mojo,60,"Look, there's no question whatsoever that this is a well-put-together, carefully arranged and tastefully executed album created by a consummate craftsman. On the other hand, its palette (and, I fear, its audience) is limited to the placid and gently swaying."
Drawer B,60,"The absence of Liz Fraser's warbling--or indeed vocal distractions of any kind--means it comes and goes without leaving any lasting impression. [May 2003, p.106]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"To the familiar, Robin Guthrie has already proven he's better than this; to the uninitiated, Imperial offers a muted exposition of his talents."
Q Magazine,40,"Something of a let-down. [May 2003, p.98]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's his best solo record. Okay, he's only had three, but this is classic McCulloch in a contemporary model."
Neumu.net,80,"The best album McCulloch's had a hand in since 1984's Ocean Rain. [May 2003, p.96]"
Blender,80,"His most emotionally expansive record. [#59, p.101]"
The Guardian,80,"It's honest and raw in the sense that McCulloch is cool with where he's from and unconcerned with where he's headed."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Slideling is McCulloch's best solo offering by a distance."
Q Magazine,70,"There's no sonic trickery here, just Mac the balladeer. [May 2003, p.95]"
AllMusic,60,"Slideling ditches the Bunnymen's arch neo-psychedelia in favour of four-square indie-rock. [May 2003, p.110]"
Spin,50,"Slideling isn't a terrible album by any means. It just doesn't have a whole lot of depth to it."
Entertainment Weekly,45,"Slideling eschews all of McCulloch's recognizable quirks and endearing pretensions, replacing them with slick generic mature songs and arrangements that make Coldplay sound adventurous."

E! Online,90,"If there were any doubters about Lamb being the brightest, most talented singer/producer combo in electronica, What Sound is all the argument needed to the contrary."
Blender,90,"Smart, unpretentious, and classy all the way through."
Amazon.com,70,"Little new or exciting is added to the mix that cant be found in different forms on their previous two albums. Instead, the album works as a consolidation of strengths from earlier works."
Launch.com,70,"'What Sound' could easily place Lamb alongside Dido and Zero 7 on this year's coffee tables, but also sets them apart as a unique, ever challenging outfit who'll be worth following long after we've come out of corporate chillout coma."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's less angular than Fear of Fours but just as convincing--tiny music that thinks very, very big. [Jul 2003, p.93]"
Q Magazine,70,"Lamb's most rounded and complete collection yet.... Even if they've lost something special in the process."
Splendid,60,"Lamb have finally perfected the trip hop/classical fusion they discovered on their career-high Gorecki, though the beatific sumptuousness of their sound can be overwhelming."

Amazon.com,100,"Give it a couple of spins, and you'll find it's completely mind-blowing."
Pitchfork,100,"The sharpest, most imaginative and downright listenable album of Blur's career to date.... A grown-up alt.rock album of breathtaking potency and invention. [Album of the Month, June 2003, p.90]"
ShakingThrough.net,100,"The album shuffles and grooves like Fela Kuti sloshed on gin and tonics. [June 2003, p.100]"
Uncut,100,"'Think Tank' is an extraordinary record that pushes boundaries and sets new standards."
Mojo,90,"Invigorating and intriguing, as hummable as it is inventive... it's also possibly the best thing Blur have done. [May 2003, p.88]"
AllMusic,90,"In a way, this could be Blur's best record."
Blender,90,"A mature and, occasionally beautiful album, possibly the finest of their career."
Filter,90,"Don't just judge it as an album by a band coming off a major line-up change. You won't need to."
ShakingThrough.net,88,"True, Think Tank is flawed. There are many, many things wrong with this album.... But the records peaks are extraordinary."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"An album so disjointed that it seems to artfully fall apart as it plays."
Magnet,80,"Part of the reason this record succeeds is that they haven't tried to replace Coxon, but rather rely on their remaining strengths like inventiveness and songcraft."
AllMusic,80,"There are guitars, but they are rarely central. The beat-driven tracks veer towards the arty, white boy-with-beatbox line of Talking Heads and The Clash. [May 2003, p.96]"
Q Magazine,80,"Their penchant for pillaging rock's past has vanished with Coxon, but their melodic faculties remain, and crafty tunes complement the sonic decay."
Amazon.com,80,"While Albarn still has an ear for a melody, without Coxon's guitars to subvert them, most of these songs sound like the work of a new band."
Junkmedia,80,"Against the odds, 'Think Tank' is a success, a record which might not mean much to Strokes fans but which shows Blur's creative spark is undimmed even while their stomach for the pop fight fades."
Rolling Stone,80,"Tank isn't simply a departure. It's also a collage of the best Blur have done."
Uncut,80,"If it is the end, Blur has gone out kicking as always."
PopMatters,80,"Think Tank is Blurs most cerebral, wildly experimental album, ever."
Launch.com,79,"A wonderfully textured and mature album that shows they are continuing their arc of maturation and experimentation."
Splendid,76,"Think Tank, then, is neither the best Blur album nor the worst; rather, it's a unique creature, guaranteed to be the oddball in the band's catalogue."
Mojo,70,"The Coxon-less Blur is a less focused Blur, but Albarn, James and Rowntree can still pull moments of sterling derision from beneath the fog."
Dot Music,70,"A tame but rather satisfying affair. [Aug 2003, p.105]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Think Tank is an uneven album that only those with a very open mind and a big love for the band will be able to stomach."
Stylus Magazine,58,"For an album called Think Tank, this muddled retread seems awfully short on ideas. [9 May 2003, p.75]"
Playlouder,40,"Sure, it might be easier to accept if it was called a Damon Albarn solo album, but that's splitting hairs. A lousy album is a lousy album, no matter who gets credit."
Blender,40,"The Coxon-less Blur seem half a band, adrift in a loopy, moody head cold. [May 2003, p.115]"

Spin,80,"Gore's reworkings sparkle with visceral emotion, aching vulnerability, and sublime intensity."
Outburn,70,"This record is a high-quality package of music that will keep most DM fans happy, but is not exactly earth-shaking in any way."
Pitchfork,70,"The downside of Counterfeit2 is its uniformity."
AllMusic,69,"Counterfeit 2 correctly presents itself as a box of hobbyish bric-a-brac for friends and completists."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"In part gripping.... But Gore doesn't always push his voice to its brilliantly effete/effeminate extremes. [May 2003, p.104]"
E! Online,60,"The problem lies in Gore's lack of emotional and musical range."
Q Magazine,60,"Gore is almost too polite to these songs, but surely that can be forgiven when his love for them is so apparent."
Blender,60,"Gore's brittle choirboy voice lacks the depth and grandeur of Gahan's, but he still gamely takes on some adventurous choices. [Jun 2003, p.108]"
Rolling Stone,40,"The musical treatment is Depeche Mode-lite, setting generally passionate songs in an antiseptic electronic context, and Gore's over-earnest voice lacks the presence to reinvigorate them. [May 2003, p.120]"
E! Online,40,"While his taste is textbook classic, his arrangements are not. [May 2003, p.104]"

AllMusic,100,"Occasionally, it feels like theres a manipulation going on somewhere, a cloud of hype that obscures both the bands actual virtues and its shortcomings."
Blender,100,"Fever To Tell is, quite simply, magnificent.... This is as revitalising a debut as could be hoped for. [May 2003, p.92]"
Entertainment Weekly,91,"This is a rapturous, badass art-punk record that swaggers with as much heart as it does cockiness. [#5, p.87]"
Uncut,90,"This record is full of surprises, roping in all manner of esoteria for a sweaty, beer-splattered and tune-drenched rock'n'roll party that rivals even Nevermind for balancing the pop sugar with the twisted underbelly and subtle smarts. [May 2003, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,90,"O's seductive, cooing/shrieking contributions to the power of the Yeahs are immense, but they are no bigger than those of guitarist Zinner or drummer Chase."
Rolling Stone,90,"Like their fellow New York area bands The Strokes and The Walkmen, The Yeah Yeah Yeahs have crafted yet another accomplished first album, but theirs is the best-produced and the most promising of the bunch, and the band shows that they're not only ready to transcend all the hype that's been building up; they've already started."
Q Magazine,90,"Easily one of the best albums of 2003. [Jul 2003, p.94]"
Dot Music,83,"To care about this band you have to find Karen O's fuck-me persona provocative if not seductive, and since I've never been one for the sex-is-combat thing, I find it silly or obnoxious depending on who's taking it seriously."
Alternative Press,80,"The songs on Fever to Tell swerve like they're being followed by the police, constantly changing and transforming. [May 2003, p.124]"
PopMatters,80,"Be assured, this is a genuinely spectacular album: the most stunning aspect being that there's clearly better to come."
Q Magazine,80,"As debut albums go, it's terrific."
Blender,80,"Guitarist Nick Zinner's greatest advantage over his contemporaries is his complete lack of an attention span."
Spin,80,"It probably won't sway rock and roll, and it most likely won't change your life, but it's a solid disc from a consistent band who haven't let their major-label affiliation change them."
Pitchfork,80,"Credit sludgemeister Alan Moulder's mixing with fashioning this trio's graceless clamor into a pop blasterpiece (though the high-gloss context occasionally suggests a randier, more cacophonous No Doubt).  [#59, p.111]"
AllMusic,80,"A set of intelligently performed rock tunes distinguished by Karen O's smart and smarting lyrics. [#232, p.74]"
Alternative Press,80,"Now they just rock out, stripping New Wave and metal and rockabilly down to primal thrust and blare. There are half a dozen songs under three minutes on Fever to Tell, and they sound absolutely complete."
Rolling Stone,80,"An impressive pop artefact, propelling its creators clear of the current garage-rock morass.... It's the sound, if not the smell, of teen spirit. [May 2003, p.111]"
Alternative Press,80,"They've got enough going for them that they're likely to remain steadfast favorites of true music fans even after the hype has died down and the scenesters have moved on to something else."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately, Fever to Tell might be slightly disappointing, but it delivers slightly more than an EP's worth of good to great songs, proving that even when they're uneven, the Yeah Yeah Yeahs are still an exciting band."
Spin,75,"Combine the intense vocals and thin lyrics with the speed and exuberance of the songs (most are well under three minutes) and ''Fever to Tell'' feels a lot like a series of quickies -- exhausting, fun, but a bit empty."
Amazon.com,74,"The problem here is that, while the guys are definitely on here, they're still nowhere near groundbreaking, and as a result, they rise and fall depending largely on Karen's delivery."
Q Magazine,74,"Fever to Tell... shows that this seeming one-trick pony is capable of more varied and interesting material than its members have previously exhibited."
Playlouder,71,"Capable punk rock with a slightly skuzzy, yet unmistakably pop edge."
Rolling Stone,70,"While not quite the epochal showing demanded by its creation, the album holds out an impressive range with a few different directions to follow."
Blender,70,"When youre treated to such a powerful front woman, it seems almost unfair to complain about the lack of sophisticated sonics."
Q Magazine,67,"Tefloning the lo-fi clang of their 2001, self-titled indie EP breakthrough with Interscope's sugar Daddy Warbucks, Fever to Tell sounds like a tenement rolling, garbage cans bashing some helpless gutter rat."
New Musical Express (NME),58,"All bluster and noise and no substance."

Dot Music,91,"In short, they 'rock.' Finally."
Rolling Stone,90,"A taut, brutal collection which is as strong as anything they've released in their previous incarnations. [June 2003, p.65]"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Throughout Send, Wire strike the right compromise, pushing their songs to brink of chaos without ever allowing them to disintegrate."
Spin,90,"Shooting through the proceedings is a relentless, apocalyptic jitteriness that leaves you teetering on the edge of your chaise. [#58, p.84]"
E! Online,90,"A phenomenal album.... As always, Wire embrace the technology of the day while always sounding somehow out of time. [May 2003, p.91]"
The A.V. Club,83,"Something of a return to the style of earlier work. [16 May 2003, p.72]"
AllMusic,80,"Dynamic, taut, feisty and clever as ever, Send is this group's fourth-best album."
Alternative Press,80,"The band has rarely sounded so alive."
Blender,80,"Send is pure gristle, a vicious statement of musical intent. [Jul 2003, p.129]"
Playlouder,80,"If you can't quite muster truly fervid enthusiasm for Send, it's probably due, in some part, to the matter-of-factness of its presentation. There is much here to be excited about, but carefully cultivated detachment seems to be Wire's preferred modus operandi."
Alternative Press,78,"Forget the new school of post-punk bands. None of them approach the intensity and rhythmic engagement of Wire, still flying the pink flag of twisted rock after all these years."
AllMusic,75,"In a bizarre twist, the whole becomes far less than the sum of its parts; less than anything close to a new album, less than even a new EP, and certainly less than Wire has proven themselves capable of."
Uncut,70,"It's startlingly spirited stuff. [Aug 2003, p.116]"
Filter,70,"It's no surprise that Wire still aspire to make complex, strange punk; the shocker is that the spine-tingling Send sounds fresher than the pop punk currently being generated by pups half their age."
Entertainment Weekly,41,"This album is an incredible disappointment- right when Wire was beginning to build up momentum; theres not even enough new material here to fill a third EP, and the recontextualizing of the Read & Burn songs hardly makes it more worthwhile."

E! Online,90,"Here, everything is balanced; the scope is small, close, and textured by pedal steel guitars, very organic percussion, and Lanois' voice way up front."
Playlouder,80,"He's much too quiet and intricate to ever seize a great deal of attention, and Shine runs the risk of being lumped in with adult-contemporary slush with its gentleness, but even half-hearted listens to the better tracks here show more than enough substance to elude such a crass categorization."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"More interested in enveloping listeners than overwhelming them, Shine lets hushed, reflective songs fade into accomplished instrumentals that hearken back to his early collaborations with Brian Eno."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Shine is a work of subtlety and hushed intimacy that, at times, barely seems to exist at all. [May 2003, p.109]"
Magnet,80,"There are a handful of stunning instrumentals, but the revelations here are Lanois' singing and songwriting. [May 2003, p.102]"
PopMatters,75,"Midway through, Lanois gets lost in a trio of noodling instrumentals. [2 May 2003, p.71]"
Dot Music,75,"He's simply not an authoritative enough singer to give many of his songs the treatment they deserve. Nevertheless, Lanois is an expert craftsman, and Shine is a rewarding, extremely enjoyable album."
Junkmedia,70,"Shine is an intriguing portrait of a civilised chap in turmoil. [Apr 2003, p.110]"
Rolling Stone,70,"The limitations of Lanoiss vocals lend an engaging frailty, leavened with bleak, lonely, instrumental interludes."
Q Magazine,70,"Shine is a record meant to be heard on headphones, providing Lanois' signature warm and smudgy vintage sound."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Shine is simultaneously gentle and forceful, letting its dusky melodies and subtle surface tension shape its relatively less inventive subject matter. [June 2003, p.104]"
Pitchfork,56,"It's here we enter the world of the tame, a land where Sting is king and Phil Collins is raucous."
Austin Chronicle,50,"After a promising start, the album charts a steep and steady decline into ersatz Bowie and slapdash psychedelia. [#58, p.96]"
Mojo,40,"Only the fuzzy reggae of 'Power of One' is lively enough to rouse a dozing listener and hint at what the record might have been with a little less midnight meditation. [May 2003, p.121]"

Q Magazine,80,"Fans of their live performances will appreciate its wall-to-wall rhythmic thrust and quirky textures, while aficionados and newcomers alike should welcome its surprising, seductive melodies and mature songwriting."
AllMusic,80,"Although its inspirations, musical and conceptual, trace as far back as Kraftwerk, The Complex serves as a reminder that modern devices and glistening production values can be applied to the most primal creative instincts, if utilized by the right --  blue -- hands."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Very little of The Complex comes off as more than sophisticated videogame music, mainly because Blue Man Group is good at filling big spaces, but not at unearthing the small, precious pockets of stillness."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Chic Euro-techno atmospheres that won't wear off even after you've seen the live show. [1 May 2003, p.56]"
Rolling Stone,70,"An engagingly quirky rock record. [Oct 2003, p.100]"
Blender,58,"One would like to think there's a subversive statement here about the blandness of much of commercial radio, but it's far more likely that the vocal turns by Dave Matthews and Bush's Gavin Rossdale are as free of intended irony as those songs' lyrics are free of fresh content."
Stylus Magazine,50,"There's something high-concept going on here, if you listen closely enough. Sad thing is, you probably won't want to.
AllMusic,There's something high-concept going on here, if you listen closely enough. Sad thing is, you probably won't want to."
Alternative Press,42,"Even emotive guests like Tracy Bonham and Dave Matthews can't heat up The Complex's frosty, dullingly drum-driven aesthetic. [2 May 2003, p.70]"
E! Online,30,"There are worse things you could spend you money on, but buy one of BMG's DVD's if you want to entertained by them; pass on this forgettable CD."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"While a few of the songs -- like BMG's team-up with Esthero for a cover of 'White Rabbit' -- may generate momentary interest, they all sound a little too much like commercial radio fodder, their quirks depressingly predictable."

Mojo,86,"A fantastic revelation."
Q Magazine,83,"Frank folk-rock songs that are too sketchy to be great but too good to write off. [May 2003, p.116]"
Dot Music,80,"Shambling and confessional. [May 2003, p.116]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Dando conjures up a combination of The Lemonheads' It's a Shame About Ray, Buffalo Tom's Smitten and Wilco's Summerteeth - fashioning this year's most essential post-rehab record in the process."
Playlouder,80,"A blissful happiness pervades 'Baby I'm Bored', but then that's Evan all over."
Uncut,80,"Baby I'm Bored's knotty guitars and ramshackle production values recall the Lemonheads' swansong, Car Button Cloth. [Mar 2003, p.94]"
Blender,80,"While Baby I'm Bored is way too modest to be a masterpiece, it's far more than a join-the-dots account of a life on the rocks, and grows brighter, and more optimistic, with every play. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
PopMatters,80,"Even if it seems unassuming and underwhelming upon its first listen, Baby I'm Bored with each spin reveals the uniform strength of the songs and the sweet, understated charms of Dando as a performer."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"'Baby I'm Bored' is the album Dando's fans hoped he would return with."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"We don't dislike anything on here, and each time we listen, we like what we hear even more."
Amazon.com,60,"There's nothing bad here, but also nothing new. [June 2003, p.103]"
E! Online,60,"A very understated record, the kind that will be treasured by diehards, pull in one or two casual bystanders and leave the world pretty much unchanged. [Apr 2003, p.106]"
AllMusic,60,"The biggest problem with Baby I'm Bored is that getting to the good stuff requires slogging through the initial four tracks."
Spin,50,"Thirty-eight minutes of co-writes and covers feels slight for seven years' work."
Blender,50,"Yawn. [25 Apr 2003, p.150]"
Rolling Stone,36,"As with his last two releases, Baby I'm Bored is gutted by under-worked, inconsequential two-minute ideas."

Spin,80,"A hilarious effort loaded with satirical song parodies and rock & roll spoofs."
AllMusic,80,"Always clever, sometimes hysterical, and sometimes cloying, Lynch is a way hipper Weird Al for the post-millennium MTV generation."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Hearing twenty-one Lynch-penned songs back to back gets exhausting."
Mojo,80,"Goofy two-minute singalongs for the Jackass generation."
E! Online,73,"This is a guy that more than understands the music he's goofing on-- he worships it."
Amazon.com,70,"If you think The Rutles' Double Back Alley is better than Penny Lane, then this just-over-35-minute's worth of semi-reverential fun is for you. [Aug 2003, p.95]"
Blender,60,"By turns alluring, obnoxious, and laugh-out-loud-funny."
Q Magazine,42,"Lynch... crams Fake Songs with parodies and toss-offs that make Weird Al seem like James Thurber. [9 May 2003, p.76]"
Rolling Stone,40,"The spoofs are pretty much just lazy, fooling-around-in-the-studio exercises, which also holds true for most of the non-fake songs on Fake Songs."
Ink 19,40,"Based around some laughably accurate and truly entertaining pastiches of artists including Bjork, Bowie and the Pixies, the rest of the album is pure filler. [Aug 2003, p.100]"
AllMusic,32,"Like many comedy albums, it delivers initial laughs, with few surprises for continual listening."
Under The Radar,30,"Tough to endure even once. [Aug 2003, p.110]"
Mojo,20,"Please, nothing like this again."
Playlouder,20,"This shit is boring."
Splendid,20,"It's hard to think of any reason to buy this album, and if you do, it's hard to imagine any reason for listening to it more than once (unless you hate your neighbors or your cat)."
Q Magazine,10,"Liam Lynch is about as funny as the plague, and even that had its moments in Monty Python. This doesn't have any."

Pitchfork,80,"Mixes arena rock in the vein of an Alice in Chains with the aggression of Pantera."
Uncut,80,"Unflinchingly heavy, this midtempo metal won't disappoint believers. [June 2003, p.101]"
PopMatters,75,"Rages and riffs with epic drama."
Uncut,50,"Faceless... grooves more fluidly than Awake, but the band still hasn't managed to locate the pop hooks that made their debut a success."
Magnet,42,"Mostly it's the same staccato riffing, constipated vocals, and generic, rage-against-the-kidney-stone angst. [11 Apr 2003, p.78]"
AllMusic,40,"Faceless is exactly that. [May 2003, p.120]"
Amazon.com,40,"Whatever novelty their sound once had has long since worn off, and the foreboding poetry and constipated howl of Wiccan singer Sully Erna are almost laughable."
Mojo,20,"At least Nickelback know how to write a tune. [Jul 2003, p.104]"

Q Magazine,85,"The album is overflowing with modern day punk-pop anthems, dressed up with technological marvels and justifiably bleak outlooks. [#5, p.89]"
Ink 19,80,"Sleeping With Ghosts is glorious; an unrepentant emotional exorcism that cohesively hurdles between the bleak and wounded, the exuberant and defiant."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Spikily brilliant. [Apr 2003, p.111]"
AllMusic,80,"Like post-Kelli Sneaker Pimps or a goth Massive Attack, it adds slow trip-hop beats and whispery vocals to a dreamy soundscape."
PopMatters,80,"Sound-wise, 'Sleeping With Ghosts' is pretty much flawless."
Stylus Magazine,70,"As much an album for slam-dancing nights out at Goth haunts as it is music for the psychiatrists couch."
Dot Music,70,"Placebo may never reach an American audience past its established fans, but those fans ought to gravitate to Sleeping With Ghosts' uncluttered, moody niche."
Urb,64,"No peaks, no gorges, just a steady oscillation between adequate and inspired."
Playlouder,60,"It's a rare rocktronic mix that actually grooves, even if the ride can be a little jittery."
Q Magazine,60,"New fans will find Sleeping With Ghosts to be a good record. Old fans, though, might think the band wimped out while growing up."
E! Online,60,"It tends to dilute the very elements that make the band unique."
Uncut,40,"Electro-guru Jim Abbiss... can't salvage much from the band's often tedious three-chord bustlings or Molko's lamely repetitious lyrics. [May 2003, p.90]"
Spin,40,"Ultimately, the anthems are as generic as they are hooky. [May 2003, p.123]"
Playlouder,40,"There's some terrific and accessible stuff here.... but the result is still an album that retreads old Placebo themes. [Apr 2003, p.110]"

Mojo,90,"This is a superb piece of rock."
Nude As The News,89,"It almost goes without saying that the D4 kick the Vines, Hives, and White Stripes right square in their trendy asses."
Dot Music,80,"A crank-it-up-Friday-night blowout that's pure exuberance. [Apr 2003, p.74]"
Pitchfork,70,"Try not to be fooled: The D4 are nowhere near the geniuses that some ecstatic critics make them out to be. However, when taken at face value, it turns out that this bunch of Kiwis are a pretty good little rock 'n' roll band."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Not a hint of pretense makes even the most formulaic tunes and lyrics ('Little Baby,' 'Party,' 'Come On!') seem inspired if not quite inspirational."
Rolling Stone,60,"Minimalism can be tiring, so the group has a secret weapon: solos, of all shapes and sizes, scattered at random."
Junkmedia,28,"Looking like Michael J. Fox clones decked out in garage rock gear, The D4 present aural amnesia with the lyrical complexity of an even less non-ironic Andrew WK."

Q Magazine,91,"Through it all, the guys stay just as tight (translation: radio-ready) as ever, offering up tracks in near-perfect three-minute doses."
Rolling Stone,83,"A thunderously hooky album that seamlessly blends the group's disparate sonic elements into radio-friendly perfection."
Amazon.com,80,"Isn't so much a revelation as it is a ready-made crowd pleaser that delivers on the familiar."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Miraculously, given the similarity of the design, 'Meteora' avoids being a stagnant retread of 'Hybrid Theory'."
PopMatters,70,"While being as well-crafted, catchy and dynamic as the first one, it leaves you feeling distinctly underwhelmed, as if the band had simply reprogrammed the Pro-Tools machine that they'd made the first album on and changed the lyrics and speed of the songs a bit."
The A.V. Club,70,"The band manages to squeeze the last remaining life out of this nearly extinct formula with volatile performances and meticulous editing."
Drawer B,60,"The similarity of Meteroa to Hybrid Theory does not only raise the question of where do they go from here, but whether there is a place for them to go at all."
Epilogue Music,60,"Harder, denser, uglier. [#15, p.128]"
ShakingThrough.net,60,"Meteora is less an artistic endeavour than an exercise in target marketing. [May 2003, p.104]"
Splendid,50,"Coming from a group whose debut offered a glimmer of hope for the expansion of the genre's boundaries, such creative laziness is all the more disappointing."
Alternative Press,40,"Sadly, nothing on Meteora comes close to the piano-laced pathos of previous hit 'In The End.' [Jun 2003, p.110]"
CultureDose.net,40,"Many of the choruses are great, but by about track eight you begin to realise this isn't about songs, this is about mathematics, and if you've actually paid for the album with your own money, you've been well and truly had."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Mercifully brief but mercilessly repetitive, Meteora is little more than a tolerable rehash of a formula that's been on the wrong side of its sell-by date for some time now."

AllMusic,90,"An embarrassment of riches. [#58, p.91]"
Blender,90,"It's every ounce of Idlewild's potential fulfilled at once."
Billboard,90,"This is arguably Idlewilds finest hour."
Junkmedia,90,"They've become accomplished, exciting, restrained and wise."
Drawer B,90,"Sounding assured and triumphant, Scotland's finest finally have realised their true potential. [Aug 2002, p.112]"
Pitchfork,89,"Giddy, confident, and instantly memorable, The Remote Part is great Brit pop and great rock & roll."
Mojo,83,"The four-piece has transformed into a genuine powerhouse, blowing away any so-called new rock revolution contenders with lovely melodies and effortless intensity."
Amazon.com,80,"They ratchet up the latent R.E.M.-isms, elevating themselves heads above their musical kin."
AllMusic,80,"There is nothing groundbreaking about this LP; it's just classic."
Uncut,80,"The Remote Part captures a divinely aged five-piece."
Blender,80,"Idlewild are rapidly outgrowing their influences as they forge a unique identity that leads me to suspect that they may soon be inspiring a slew of like-minded new bands."
Q Magazine,80,"THe result is like a cross between R.E.M. and Coldplay, but Idlewild show their true smarts by continuing to attack every track with youthful energy and passion. [Apr 2003, p.124]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Idlewild have added a new 'dirty bomb' to their armoury: the emotional resonance of prime Morrissey/Marr. [Aug 2002, p.128]"
Uncut,80,"While it doesn't have as many flat-out terrific songs as its predecessor, I'd venture to say that The Remote Part is the record that Idlewild has wanted to write all along."
Filter,75,"It's overshadowed by many of the band's recent, U.K.-only B sides. [21 Mar 2003, p.113]"
Mojo,70,"It may be the album Idlewild was born to make, but despite some spectacular moments, its momentum wanes a tiny bit as it gets closer to the end."
Neumu.net,70,"The Remote Part is Idlewild Mark II--sleeker, bolder, better. [Oct 2002, p.107]"
PopMatters,70,"Merely good-but-not-great."
Urb,67,"Idlewild are compelling when they put Woomble's sad-sack lyrics front and center, but on aggressively average rockers like 'You Held The World In Your Arms' and 'Century After Century,' the band's turgid squall swamps his words. [Jun 2003, p.103]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),65,"The album starts to wear thin by the homestretch."

Blender,87,"An elegant masterpiece of unabashed Anglophilia, all slow-motion shoegazer guitars chiming like beautiful bells of doom and icy, disaffected vocals that sound like the Psych Furs' Richard Butler minus the three-packs-a-day larynx damage."
Dot Music,80,"Echoes of classic U2, Echo & the Bunnymen, and Swervedriver resonate throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Longwave aren't so much groundbreakers as they are purveyors of haunting, earnest pop. [Apr 2003, p.80]"
Village Voice,70,"Bold, stirring and so unfashionable it just might work. [Mar 2003, p.114]"
Splendid,70,"Even in spite of their obvious knack for a beast of a tune that knows no indie fear, they do a cracking job of getting peculiar on us as well."
Magnet,70,"A full three-fourths of the record feels more like the work of a band that hasn't yet staked out a sonic identity."
The Wire,70,"A little blood and dirt and humor might have catapulted this album into greatness."
Rolling Stone,60,"Often dreamy, sometimes rockin', but rarely more than pedestrian."
Q Magazine,60,"Though this music could easily be viewed as Longwave's take on Interpol's take on Coldplay's take on Radiohead, it isn't that derivative or boring."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Where the big boys tick and twitch, Longwave merely plod. [Mar 2003, p.111]"
AllMusic,40,"Taken on their own, tunes like 'Pool Song' and 'Tidal Wave' are hip songs to listen to while getting a tan. In the midst of a 12-song record though, they sink under the weight of their own drone."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Longwave sound more British than Strokes-ish, with a mild talent for writing melodies that demand your attention. [Apr 2003, p.125]"
Pitchfork,37,"I just always felt comfortable in my thinking that one Toad The Wet Sprocket was more than enough to fulfill a specific emotional and intellectual niche. Am I wrong?"

ShakingThrough.net,90,"Seamless without being monotonous, 'Buzzcocks' is punk rock for grownups, teenagers, and everyone in between, without pandering or becoming a caricature of itself."
Stylus Magazine,87,"Coherent and musically mature even as it kicks you around a bit. [#5, p.88]"
The A.V. Club,83,"It's nice to hear that middle-age hasn't diminished [their] songwriting skills. [28 Mar 2003, p.69]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"May well be the best of its seven studio albums, one that even approaches the heights of the stellar Singles Going Steady collection."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Even at their most obvious, the Buzzcocks can smoke the young guns. [#58, p.83]"
E! Online,80,"Hard to imagine Green Day or Rancid having anything this interesting up their sleeve 27 years down the line from their first recording."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"A smart, slashing set of B-plus-level pop-punk. [Apr 2003, p.78]"
The Wire,80,"This is an absolutely satisfying listen and a feat of songwriting that few acts could match."
PopMatters,70,"Back to basics. [May 2003, p.100]"
Magnet,70,"At times positively fizzes into life. [Jun 2003, p.110]"
Mojo,67,"They've still got angst to spare, but their wit has been ground down by 'maturity,' or whatever you want to call it, into a bitter thing that saps a lot of that reckless energy."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Their love batteries have all but corroded and instead we've hangovers and metropolitan psychosis over the kind of guttural guitars you'd expect from their bastard American offspring. [May 2003, p.89]"
AllMusic,60,"The album is good -- remarkably so considering how late it comes in a group's life span -- but it's still a late-era release and suffers from many of the same problems so common to that milieu."
The A.V. Club,40,"They still spit nervous energy, but Shelly's melodies have suffered, and his pubescent whines have unfortunately matured into apologies for bad behavior. [#15, p.121]"
Uncut,40,"Granted, Buzzcocks sounds very '77/'78, albeit with better production, but it's largely devoid of the hooks, the melodies, and the anxious, deconstructed bubblegum pop feel that made the band's early material so memorable."
Splendid,32,"This album is flat boring musically and sonically."

Austin Chronicle,100,"The focus may be tighter and the refinement may be a little more obvious, but such things don't hold the band back on Antenna; rather they further the progress that has been showing itself with every Cave In release."
Pitchfork,100,"This should be in everyone's stereo this spring, as it may go down in the history books as the Pet Sounds for the aggressive-rock world. [Apr 2003, p.82]"
Q Magazine,90,"Like both Radiohead and Foo Fighters, Cave In is a stylistic chameleon that rarely uses its freewheeling taste as a crutch to present self-indulgent material."
Rolling Stone,90,"The songs may pay excessive homage in spirit, but their composition and divergent tones are wholly original."
Stylus Magazine,83,"It sounds as if a bunch of no-bullshit straight-edgers have been cooped up in an underground drug den for a week with only Pink Floyd records for company, and then released blinking into the daylight and shuttled immediately into the recording studio."
AllMusic,80,"When you cover this sort of expansive, experimental territory, you're inevitably flirting with pomposity. But like Tool or Radiohead, Cave-In's progressiveness is hypnotic rather than alienating, played out with a sense of near-religious awe that's difficult to deny."
PopMatters,80,"A truly remarkable progression, and a great album to boot--Antenna is the work of a band that's constantly moving forward."
The A.V. Club,80,"The most successful synthesis of their prog-tinged ambitions so far. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
Q Magazine,70,"Their most accessible, and arguably best, long-player yet. [Apr 2003, p.112]"
Uncut,70,"The songs transform emo's search for truth and its vivid angst into great drama. [#15, p.122]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"There's plenty of pretense in the long-winded tone poems... But they also know how to deliver a concise pop song."
Junkmedia,70,"Antenna compresses the formula further, fetching up crisp, anthemic crunch-rock several notches above the inexplicably popular likes of Bush or Papa Roach. [May 2003, p.96]"
Mojo,61,"In short, if your favorite bands aren't played between Audioslave and Foo Fighters on modern rock radio, Cave In probably isn't one of them."
Amazon.com,40,"The group has abruptly cashed in a good deal of its personality for an unflattering, generic modern-rock sound."
Rolling Stone,40,"Antenna is lacking in every sonic department they previously thrived upon and sounds exactly what fans of old feared: immaculate, sterile guitar production; rigid, radio-ready song structures; and an end to the dynamic, cosmos-exploring sound that elevated Jupiter to a stunning success."

Alternative Press,100,"The quintet's Molotov mixture of suburb surrealism and sonic extremity is the perfect scrub for everything you've been subjected to in culture and daily life. [Apr 2003, p.73]"
Pitchfork,100,"The most prolific, beautiful, and vital statement of rock since the Stooges' Raw Power."
Magnet,94,"Burn, Piano Island, Burn is an album that must first be listened to twice: once to wrap your head around its peerless vigor and skull-rattling force, and again to revel in its restless creativity."
Blender,91,"They sound like they're too busy tearing their limbs off and hitting one another over the head with them to think about what the songs actually mean. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
,91,"Burn, Piano Island, Burn balances so perfectly between commercial appeal and untainted creativity that it's as if the band have been digitally inserted atop a mountain no man could conceivably climb."
,80,"There are no punk-lite hits here, but cult stardom is knocking at the door. [Mar 2003, p.112]"
,80,"I have to admit that this release usually manages to give me a little boost when I listen to it and it has the added bonus of scaring little kids."
,80,"Whether you end up liking this album or not, it is going to be one of the most intense things you've ever heard."
,80,"It's the band's most vital disc to date, and one of the year's most memorable listening experiences."
,75,"The Blood Brothers' take on hardcore incorporates all the shouty vocals, savage guitar riffing, and hyperspeed drumming you could ask for, but throws in two--sometimes counterproductive--vocalists, and loopy lyrics that aim for surrealist poetry and usually miss, badly. [11 Apr 2003, p.78]"
,70,"The album's clever turns don't take away from The Blood Brothers as a ravaging hardcore band; instead, they enlist chops in service of a manic vision all the more insinuating for its brutality."
,70,"In one instant, lead singer Jordan Blilie is whispering passionately in your ear. In the next, he tears into your insides with growls so piercing you'd think he'd transformed into a savage beast."
,60,"Kids looking to anger their parents to the point of losing it should pick up this CD, turn up the stereo, and lock the door."
,60,"It all seems spazzy, but it's actually meticulous and crisply rendered: order through chaos."
,60,"Less cohesively engaging than March on Electric Children, Burn, Piano Island, Burn is, by turns, spasmodically inviting and gratingly repulsive to all but the most patient of noisemongers."
,50,"The Blood Brothers pretty much have one speed: murder. This will tire even the most patient ears after about fifteen minutes, although, the album does show signs of expanded musical breadth with slower, albeit, brief melodic interludes and unconventional instrumentation (xylophones, toy pianos)."

,90,"Builds considerable muscle to the skeletal frailty of intricate guitar work while commendably maintaining all which was good of their debut."
,80,"Brings to the surface all of the volatility and emotional charge that was inherent in their work. [Apr 2003, p.104]"
,80,"It works in the same way that Doves' 'Lost Souls' did; that is, by inviting us to bed down in its sumptuously familiar lyrical folds while offering us a warm mug of Something A Bit Different."
,80,"A real step forward - a challenging and melodic record."
,75,"A narcotizing collection of planetarium-ready space folk. [14 Mar 2003, p.66]"
,75,"Conjure[s] the glum glamour of prime Coldplay. [Apr 2003, p.107]"
,70,"It may not be the most exciting work youre likely to hear this year, but as a lazy-afternoon chill-out record, it should have few peers."
,70,"A bewitching brew of triumphant introspection that, while not unprecedented, is still plenty personal. [Mar 2003, p.95]"
,70,"A fine piece of work. [Mar 2003, p.106]"
,60,"Suggests a marriage of Jeff Buckley and early Radiohead, minus the guitar freakouts."
,60,"When they're not straining to be anthemic, Turin Brakes still weave a seductive spell. [#14, p.143]"
,60,"The album's middle section is an exercise in restrained songcraft. [Mar 2003, p.114]"
,60,"Turin Brakes have by no means become a bad band. They are still writing great songs  and Knights' harmonizing is still alluring. They just seem a little lost."
,50,"Upon repeated listens, the album gets about as intimate as Wembley. Played-up drum fills, crescendoed dynamics and large soundboards add little to the Turin Brakes sound."
,20,"About as boring as a record can be."

,80,"If it's an album that also argues that the band is working from formula, it's one they'd be wise to patent."
,75,"Musically, Everclear sound almost exactly the same as when they signed with Capitol in 1995: punk, profoundly polished. But the details Alexakis sprinkles into the mix keep things interesting. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
,75,"On Slow Motion Daydream Everclear proves that it's still quite capable of delivering solid, rocking songs with memorable hooks, and frontman Art Alexakis still has plenty to say."
,70,"Slow Motion Daydream isn't the knockout return to form it might have been, but it's significantly better than might be expected from the first impression its miserable single creates."
,70,"Mellow moments abound, with gentle strings and pseudofolky melodies seeping into the mix, but most songs bank on the winsome charisma of the chunky guitars and Alexakis' grief-tinged Northwestern drawl, both of which manage to sound simultaneously cathartic and hook-y."
,70,"While Slow Motion Daydream isn't quite as fresh as Everclear sounded on their 1994 debut Sparkle and Fade, a close listen reveals an entirely new layer of angst and existential dread that Alexakis and company have added to their repertoire."
,60,"Consolidates the strengths and weaknesses of the American Movie one disc."
,50,"Mostly, though, this is vintage mid-'90s Everclear. [#15, p.122]"
,50,"Attempts to obscure the paucity of decent songs with endless guitar wittering. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
,42,"Despite the fact that nobody bought their lackluster last two albums, Art Alexakis and his two lackeys are back with the even more banal and unnecessarily loud Slow Motion Daydream."
,37,"They don't stray from what they know and they don't tarry from their blueprint. It's just that they don't know much and their blueprint was done in crayon. [#5, p.92]"
,33,"The band has never seemed so stale. [14 Mar 2003, p.66]"
,30,"Slow Motion Daydream is a real treat for Everclear fans since it's just a continuation of the Everclear sound, even if that sound is contrived and average."
,22,"Mostly consists of generic rock, the sparkling production wiping clean any trace of roughness or originality in the groups sound."

,100,"Sing The Sorrow soars with the kind of melodies hit singles are made of, yet it somehow persists with AFI's esoteric darkness. [Apr 2003, p.69]"
,91,"A well-crafted mix of hardcore bluster, determined melody and anthemic grandness that boasts depth and texture rarely heard from the Warped Tour ilk."
,90,"It's terrifically exciting stuff. [Apr 2003, p.101]"
,83,"As big and slick a rock record as you're likely to hear all year. [Apr 2003, p.101]"
,80,"The songs may have opened up around him, but Havok's lyrics are as pained and sharp as they ever were."
,80,"Longtime fans might take it like a kick to the head, but this band is clearly moving toward bigger things."
,80,"Sing the Sorrow is not exactly a concept album, but it does have a singleness of dark purpose that builds in momentum as the disc progresses."
,80,"Just when the strings, piano, and rainstorm effects threaten to turn Sing the Sorrow into a My Dying Bride album, there is a burst of hardcore like 'Dancing Through Sunday' to recall California pioneers of the genre like Dead Kennedys or SST transplants Husker Du."
,60,"What's keeping the band from achieving a unique identity are Havok's generic whine and medoicre lyrics. [#15, p.120]"
,60,"Well-produced, albeit predictable."
,25,"The songs combine the most pretentious and overworked elements of their influences. [21 Mar 2003, p.112]"

,80,"Disciplined, varied, and often mind-blowing playing."
,80,"You can hear the absolute precision, yes; but the head and hands have not left the heart and soul behind."
,80,"It is the sound of apocalypse now."
,70,"This is a more consistent set, and, hopefully, a revelation for a few young metal heads. [Feb 2003, p.89]"
,65,"This material is as inconsistent as anything off their past few records, but when they do hit upon a good moment, it tends to be really good."
,63,"Fans of the mid-1970s lineup should find the most to enjoy on Power to Believe, as it not only finds King Crimson playing with muscular aggression similar to that period, but also revisiting the group improvisation that set them so far apart from other 70s prog bands."
,60,"Crimson's current incarnation combines the sounds of previous editions, especially the early math-rock of the mid-'70s and the deft, Talking Heads-redolent Ph.D-funk of the early '80s. [#14, p.138]"
,60,"A melange of preposterously angular guitar exercises, accomplished balladry and portentous doggerel. [Mar 2003, p.111]"

,70,"A fine trip down memory lane that celebrates the complexities of growing up."
,60,"Another collection of typical speed punk tunes, virtually indistinguishable from the work of Green Day and Blink-182, not to mention dozens of other similar bands."
,60,"If play-it-to-the-back-rows, unabashed power-pop is what the Ataris were after here, they've delivered it with nigh perfection."
,60,"The band turns [Kris Roe's] melodic remembrances into energized, youthful pop anthems, like a less-frivolous Blink-182. [#15, p.120]"
,60,"The Ataris transcend the four-square melodic thud of their contemporaries with a gentle melancholy and poetic ambition. [May 2003, p.98]"
,60,"Asstoria radiates a childlike glee and naivete you'll wish you still had. [Apr 2003, p.70]"
,10,"Leave this record on the shelf. When it invariably hits the used bins, don't buy it."

,100,"Though elaborately orchestrated, the songs retain their intimacy, communicated in Ashcroft's vocals, which, over the years, keep getting warmer. [7 Mar 2003, p.72]"
,90,"Further indulges his penchant for meticulously-crafted songs, exquisite production, and (sometimes painstaking) personal and spiritual introspection."
,90,"It is the best of what Ashcroft does best: thoughtful incantations teeming with emotion, clarity, and vision."
,80,"Stunning pop for pale after-party people. [March 2003, p.119]"
,70,"An overreaching cathedral, designed by Spiritualized, Kris Kristoferson and John Barry, Human Conditions still somehow charms with its hungry troubadour's idealism. [Nov 2002, p.102]"
,60,"Human Conditions is the sound of Ashcroft searching for personal and spiritual connections and seeking higher truths in soaring pop choruses. All this existential meditation leaves us, like him, ultimately unfulfilled."
,60,"It's a decent second album and longtime Verve enthusiasts should leave it at that."
,60,"At times he tries too hard, but there's much here to commend. [Nov 2002, p.114]"
,60,"Ashcroft's mastery of balladry makes 'Buy It in Bottles' his best since the Verve's 'Lucky Man.'"
,58,"Human Conditions suggests that Ashcroft has forgotten how to rock, choosing to indulge what appears to be a messiah complex."
,42,"Human Conditions is as bloated and directionless as its awkward title suggests, weighted with meandering songs without melodies, lyrics straight out of freshman-year philosophy class and a sickly slick sheen."
,40,"Good living has tilted his writing from surefooted and universal to numbing and platitudinous, while his stormy passions are becalmed by an overwhelming production job. [#14, p.130]"
,40,"Human Conditions is not a musical disaster on the scale of Heathen Chemistry. It's just that, from Richard Ashcroft, more is expected. [Nov 2002, p.98]"
,30,"He sandbags every song with gigantic, syrupy string arrangements that make John Williams sound like John Cage. [#58, p.82]"
,20,"Easily 30 minutes too long and four symphony orchestras too many, Human Conditions feels like a soundtrack to Barnum and Bailey, with Ashcrofts earnest vocals drowned out by a cast of thousands."

,80,"Music for thirtysomething teenagers, and none the worse for that. [Jun 2003, p.92]"
,80,"Corporate radio won't touch this kind of overheated pop, but American Hi-Fi's slamming musicianship and party ready anthems should wow any college DJ worth his university-issue condoms."
,80,"Hi-Fi are catchier this time around, continuing to trip through their songs with the joy of a teenager who just learned the chord change from 'Smells Like Teen Spirit.' [Apr 2003, p.72]"
,70,"Only a snob could hate these 11 songs, which wear their bright, adrenalized grooves, lucid melodies, and arena-ready choruses the way the Hi-Fi boys wear their vintage Poison T-shirts: proudly and without a shred of irony. [Mar 2003, p.119]"
,70,"Cute but not too sugary, smart but not too brainy, [Stacy] Jones's songs practically define pop-punk. [#14, p.130]"
,67,"Once again, it's a batch of arena-ready, metal-friendly, upbeat punk rock that often sounds like Sum 41 doing its best Bay City Rollers impression."
,50,"Some cuts have a quick sugar-high effect--once they fade, they're about as fresh as overchewed bubblegum. [7 Mar 2003, p.72]"
,40,"When Stacy Jones moans, 'I've been getting by on nothing' halfway through The Art of Losing, he achieves the album's one honest moment."

,80,"In a world gone mad, it's nice to know that some things--like Ministry's ability to tear up the floorboards with crushing efficiency--never change."
,80,"One of their catchiest, most rewarding listening experiences to date."
,80,"Packs enough bite to nourish a Third World country. [Mar 2003, p.96]"
,80,"This is the throat-clutching Ministry that longtime fans have been waiting for: a grand mix of industrial rock and murder metal."
,75,"The sustained ferocity on display here is admirable. [7 Mar 2003, p.72]"
,70,"Songs such as 'Unsung' showcase a reapplied talent for twisting archetypal metal riffs into new shapes."
,60,"At several points... the duo belatedly attempts to revivie its peak period formula, but... it's as old-fashioned as a Lollapalooza 1992 T-shirt. Fortunately, Jourgenson and Barker's new ideas are better. [#14, p.140]"
,60,"Still dour and humorless, but pruned of its experimental tendencies, Ministry delivered its first solid record in a decade."
,30,"Effort isn't lacking, but inspiration is."

,95,"The naysayers do not understand. Their expectations hamstring them.... Like the glass sculptures featured in the artwork it is precise, transparent, dangerously fragile, and ominously lit. 100th Window is a masterpiece of its kind."
,90,"While its hardly an overwhelming masterpiece like Blue Lines or Protection, it still stands head and shoulders above most everything else. [Mar 2003, p.95]"
,90,"'100th Window' is every bit the production masterpiece its predecessors are - in places harkening back to, if not quite matching, the collective's glorious debut."
,80,"It's recognisably the same band, but lower key, less structured, a set of soundscapes rather than songs, and sometimes almost gothic in its mood. [Mar 2003, p.97]"
,80,"With its ice-cold beats, smoldering bass lines, and shimmering textures, this is one of the most openly erotic albums British pop has ever given us. [Apr 2003, p.178]"
,80,"Takes a few listens to become accustomed to. [Mar 2003, p.104]"
,80,"Satisfaction enough for those who kept Mezzanine near their stereo for years on end, but a disappointment to those expecting another masterpiece."
,80,"Where Mezzanine sounded scared and sinuous, 100th Window goes a step further: It sounds like music made for headphones with teeth."
,80,"A work of delicate menace."
,80,"It's a magnificent accomplishment, the sound of one long night spent waiting for someone, but never being certain if you want them to arrive. [Apr 2003, p.87]"
,70,"If there's one misstep on 100th Window, it's that [Sinead O'Connor's] talent and her range are underused."
,70,"For most artists, this album would be a significant achievement--but we've come to expect more from Massive Attack."
,70,"100th Window is a masterpiece of haunted sonics. But the spirit of community that once warmed this band's angsty soul is missing. [March 2003, p.117]"
,70,"Is this Mezzanine lite? In a way, yes. There is nothing here as gripping as 'Angel,' 'Risingson,' or 'Inertia Creeps.' Womblike and seductive, this is make-out music for hibernating astronauts."
,70,"Massive Attack fans won't be startled by anything on 100th Window, but at nine tracks, this may be the most accessible, freaky, futuristic electronic head-food album on the market."
,70,"The downside is a lack of innovation that has always accompanied Massive Attack's recordings. [#3, p.86]"
,70,"Even in the album's most quiet moments, songs rarely waver in dynamics from their liftoff point."
,63,"The problem is that it's just not very engaging, treading the same cinematic-heavy soundscapes over and over again without much in the way of dynamics or anything new in terms of sound."
,60,"All the surfaces are exquisitely tasteful, all the string arrangements achingly melancholic. But there are no tunes. [#14, p.138]"
,60,"100th Window meanders along, emotion-less and soul-lessalbeit with haunting Middle Eastern flourishes."
,60,"For those who looked forward to the new genre-leading direction in downbeat dance that would come with the next Massive Attack album... well, let's just say the major challenge you'll face with '100th Window' is deciding whether there is a hidden track or that 'Antistar' is really a 22-minute song with an excessively long silent bit in the middle."
,60,"It's all elegantly executed and often beguiling, but just too clean and predictable to be really involving. [#228, p.62]"
,50,"Less immediate than their brilliantly untouchable 1998 album Mezzanine, this project is unsettling, uneasy and, okay, sometimes unbearably depressing."
,50,"A series of often stillborn soundscapes. [14 Feb 2003, p.72]"
,40,"Everything comes dripping in portent and seems too in love with its own seriousness to excite any emotions. [Mar 2003, p.106]"

,91,"They're uneven, to be sure.... But Supergrass are never less than lovable. [14 Feb 2003, p.72]"
,90,"Taking a large step in expanding its lexicon, the group, singer Gaz Coombes in particular, has tightened up its songwriting and come up with tunes that rival the bands first hit 'Caught By The Fuzz.'"
,90,"The band merrily rips through song after song with skill and zeal, all the while cheekily brandishing a wit that's equal parts irony and earnestness."
,90,"What they achieve here is hard to get right: lush, summery music-for-pleasure that sounds effortless. [Album of the Month, Sep. 2002, p.92]"
,90,"Life on Other Planets is a smashing return to form, an album giddy with the sheer pleasure of making music."
,85,"Once again, the enthusiasm of the delivery and the fun of being absorbed into the music belies the fact that the group's four members are amazingly talented at what they do."
,80,"Most of these concise, super-catchy tunes are as unself-consciously traditional, and fun, as an undiscovered cache of British Invasion rock. [#14, p.143]"
,80,"Rustic, rowdy, bags of fun, Life On Other Planets is another Supergrass masterpiece. [Nov 2002, p.118]"
,76,"On the one hand, there's an abundance of energy and some great songwriting; on the other, there's less focus here than on either of their previous two releases."
,75,"Unfortunately, Coombes seems to have the glam era's fuzzy-brained approach to pop songwriting nailed a bit too well. [Apr 2003, p.106]"
,70,"Anyone expecting a return to the spiky garage rock of 'I Should Coco' may again be disappointed by Gaz & co's refusal to whole heartedly revisit the three-chord bluster of their debut, but with 'Life On Other Planets' Supergrass have come closer than ever to the psychedelic pop-punk masterpiece of their dreams."
,70,"'Life On Other Planets is about three-quarters of the great album everyone knows they can make."
,70,"Finds the fearless foursome cruising right along with the same carefree glee that made us pay attention in the first place. [March 2003, p.100]"
,70,"If there's anything wrong with Life On Other Planets, it's that the band really isn't branching out at all -- and when you get to your fourth album, it's hard to sound as fresh and vital as you once did if you aren't trying anything new."
,70,"Life On Other Planets isn't quite as much fun as previous Supergrass releases; perhaps, a sign that the boys are growing up."
,69,"Anyone expecting direction changes and unpredictability may not find this band particularly exciting, but anyone who is a sucker for catchy, contagious pop tunes will revel in Life On Other Planets."
,60,"Supergrass' lack of commitment can get wearisome, and Life suffers without a guiding sense of personality, a point of view."
,60,"They are the rare band that loses juice when the arrangements are tight and the focus is keen. Unfortunately, too many songs on L.O.O.P. stray from primary strength, producing a surprisingly stolid feel for a group proven to be experts at fun."
,60,"An album of patchy brilliance but with far too many freewheeling moments."
,50,"A juvenile cluster bomb of goofy guitar shenanigans."
,40,"A fiddly disappointment, as centreless as a B-sides collection. [Oct 2002, p.117]"

,100,"This journey to Nocturama's not to be missed. [March 2003, p.88]"
,90,"At first listen a morose rumination on the many shapes of love, the album slowly unfurls as a grand, almost gothic epic of vast proportion and luxurious significance."
,90,"This is one of Cave's best album in years, if not an immediate candidate for a career highlight."
,83,"Often funeral-march slow, but there are also flashes of passionate energy."
,80,"Piano ballads and muscular thrash that hearken back to his days with proto-goth ghoulfathers the Birthday Party. [#13, p.91]"
,80,"It's what The Velvet Underground would've sounded like if they'd been psychopaths. With a heart."
,80,"Cave's molasses ballads take you to a warm spot where the big bad world's cynicism gets disabled and the numb parts thaw."
,80,"Nocturama feel[s] messy, unpredictable, and even a little dangerous--qualities Cave's music hasn't had in far too long."
,80,"Cave has managed to move away from the stifling atmosphere and the false captive environment of No More Shall We Part and somehow create a Cave world where The Bad Seeds can indeed stretch, howl, riff, sniff, grind and bark with a freedom unheard on record since 1993's Live Seeds. [Album of the Month, Feb 2003, p.84]"
,80,"As ever with the great man, this is a record that rewards the attentive, and repetitive listener."
,80,"Cave proves himself to be a continually fascinating and vital songwriter."
,74,"But with two (admittedly gigantic) exceptions, Nocturama reneges on its promise-- something's still missing from most of these tracks."
,70,"Nocturama is as slight and as pretty as a walk through the snow on a sunny Winter day."
,70,"Most people this pretentious or literary don't rock so hard or write tunes so good."
,70,"At times, 'Nocturama' feels like he's trying too hard. Some of the ballads suffer this way, as if Cave's straining to recapture the gravitas of 'The Boatman's Call' without excessive revelations or dramatic contrivance."
,70,"Mostly in the quieter mode of his past few efforts, Nocturama presents songs of faith and devotion in the face of doubt, again demonstrating his newfound gift for understatement and the smoky croon."
,70,"This is his conscious attempt to inject a sense of urgency probably not heard on a Bad Seeds album since 1994's Let Love In. [Mar 2003, p.96]"
,68,"Another semi-spotty release."
,67,"The missing link between Murder Ballads and Boatman's Call."
,60,"Nick Cave, no mistake about it, is still a major talent, and Nocturama isn't nearly as bad a mid-career flop as Lou Reed's Mistrial or David Bowie's Never Let Me Down.... But nevertheless, this is also far from essential Nick Cave, as most longtime fans will immediately discern."
,60,"Trouble is, they're often only half-good songs. [Feb 2003, p.94]"
,58,"There is flatness where once there was majesty; there is garbage where once there was gold."
,50,"Nocturama isn't an awful record, just a problematic one, mostly due to the fact that the spontaneous studio atmosphere under which he's trying to operate doesn't allow for the careful crafting that bore his prior masterpieces."
,50,"Everything is predictable and sounds like something Cave has done before. The Bad Seeds' edges are smoothed over by the too-slick production; Cave's lyrics are not provocative or funny or much of anything worth hearing."
,50,"Nocturama isn't the weakest album in Nick Cave's canon, but it's far from being a particularly good one either."
,40,"There's little to set the sombre half-tones of the Cave and Seed world alight with suspicous glimmers. [#228, p.59]"

,80,"Most rewarding are the serene 'Something to Shout About' and the cascading 'Down On The Corner': respectively, the No 1 smash Electronic should have had and the massive hit a reformed Smiths still could. [Mar 2003, p.95]"
,80,"Highly recommended."
,80,"Boomslang is the album Marr fans have been waiting a lifetime for."
,75,"The lyrics aren't 'How Soon Is Now?'-type genius, but they go down easily enough."
,60,"As a record of one man's love affair with his guitar, it's a solid testament. As the work of one of British music's unshakeable geniuses, however, it's not really worth the name. [Mar 2003, p.98]"
,60,"A pleasant, if not always engaging, slice of post-grunge, post-Britpop guitar rock."
,60,"However nice the guitar sounds, though, it's hard to ignore the fact that it's dressing up songs that would be a bit dull without it."
,58,"The album's arrangements are limp and unimaginative. [28 Feb 2003, p.80]"
,40,"Boomslang's heavily treated vocals, nondescript songwriting, and swirling, noisy production doesn't leave much room for personality to pop through."
,40,"Boomslang labours under the delusion that The Stone Roses' Second Coming was a good idea worth pursuing in greater detail. [Feb 2003, p.100]"
,40,"It's got all the atmosphere of a great rock record, but not the guts of one."
,40,"The problem: Semi-masked in the Healers, he's short an originality chromosone. [Feb 2003, p.70]"
,40,"The only standout is 'Down On The Corner,' built around the ear-pricking chords and lithe grace that stamp Marr's best work. [#14, p.139]"
,37,"Positively pillaging Oasis and The Stone Roses (whom Oasis pillaged in the first place), Johnny Marr + The Healers' mediocre debut is a defeated regurgitation of danceable Britpop and Madchester traditions that, in its best moments, recalls a second-rate... Soup Dragons."
,30,"Left to his own devices here, Marr has penned vague lyrics and delivered them in a monotone, coupled with uninspired melodies that only underline the singer's limitations."

,91,"A dozen near-perfect pop songs, each one teeming with joyful desperation."
,90,"A near-perfect record to hold onto with all the might you can muster. [#58, p.103]"
,90,"Layer after layer of preconceived notions and excess noise are stripped away to unveil both soft-spoken charm and intense newfound confidence."
,90,"Nears indie-pop perfection. [Feb 2003, p.70]"
,80,"Virtually every song on Let Go hits its mark in one way or another, dispensing consistently remarkable moments that range from the sweet minor-key swoon of 'Blizzard Of '77' and 'Neither Heaven Nor Space' to the sleek, bouncy new wave of 'Hi-Speed Soul.'"
,80,"A more mature mix of intelligent guitar tunes and acoustic noodling. [Oct 2002, p.113]"
,80,"Wheel reinvention, it ain't, but for insidious, emotionally overblown ear candy, Let Go hits a real sweet spot. [Nov 2002, p.113]"
,80,"Let Go is an excellent rainy-afternoon album, full of gentle and melancholic beauty, with echoes of Love and the Beach Boys."
,70,"This wistful, road-trip nostalgia-pop is the sound of alt-rock after the gold rush. [#14, p.141]"
,38,"Let Go's only plausible use is to forcibly expose us to mid-90s alt-rock in the context of today so that we might come to grips with just how damn crappy it sounds."
,35,"This record is Weezer-lite, emo-lite, corporate radio, MOR rock junk."

,80,"The album makes clear that these men really like music. They like singing it; they like playing it. And theres enough fun being had here to convince you that you might like hearing it as well."
,70,"Its clear from the beginning that Bell can handle the vocal chores but what remains questionable is Clarkes ability to rescue his beats from the predictable morass of synth pops stodgy past without, of course, overdoing it."
,70,"Erasure do the Ronettes' 'Walking in the Rain' almost as well as Cheryl Ladd, they do Buddy Holly's 'Everyday' better than James Taylor, they prove that one man and one man only was meant to sing 'Can't Help Falling in Love,' and they tart up Peter Gabriel something fierce."
,60,"Erasure transforms each number into something tailor-made for a staged musical. [Jan 2003, p.74]"
,60,"Showcases the melodramatic but never overstated croon of a showman who, in another era, might've been a Las Vegas legend. [#14, p.135]"
,60,"Overall, the album plays too stiffly for these experts of synth-hewn dance/pop."
,50,"More often than not, they connect with the material in unexpected ways.... Problems occur when they can't find a convincing way to graft their highly identifiable sound onto the song."
,42,"Carrying none of the charm or innovation of the duo's earlier ABBA tribute, this set is salvaged only by a relatively straight reading of Peter Gabriel's 'Solsbury Hill.'"
,40,"The results have a better chance of ending up in mom's Volvo than your iPod. [Jan 2003, p.76]"
,40,"Peter Gabriel's 'Solsbury Hill' loosens up into a glittery anthem, while the Righteous Brothers' 'You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling' should have stayed a karaoke favorite. [March 2003, p.94]"
,30,"Startling for all the wrong reasons."
,20,"The results are risible but the joke is no longer funny. [Feb 2003, p.77]"
,20,"So ill-conceived and shoddily executed it could well finish them off altogether. [Feb 2003, p.102]"

,100,"Even the geeky ballads will put a smile on your face and a Bic lighter in your hand."
,91,"Mary Star of the Sea may be the least ambitious album Corgan's ever made -- and yet his most satisfying since the Pumpkins' heyday."
,90,"Zwan is Billy Corgan's triumph, an unrepentant glam-rock/prog-pop bacchanalia, an album of stadium happy singles and up-with-people wonder anthems."
,90,"Stripped of the Pumpkins' pomp angst and invested with a new pop-rock sensibility by fellow cohorts David Pajo and Matt Sweeney, in Zwan Corgan has simply formed the perfect band."
,85,"It's an album that is filled with plenty of big hooks, ample rock crunch and a loving attention to detail."
,80,"The results sound as if Corgan plundered a few moves from Dave Grohl, since the songs keep one boot in heavy metal but mostly get straight to the point while piling on the hooks and harmonies. [Mar 2003, p.95]"
,80,"[Corgan's] joyful spirit surges throughout Mary Star of the Sea, even during its many intricate instrumental sections, and it's hard not to get swept up in the momentum, especially since it's married to his best set of songs since Siamese Dream."
,80,"This genuinely feels like a fresh start rather than time-killing. [Mar 2003, p.100]"
,80,"Zwan are more straightforward (and much less histrionic) than the Smashing Pumpkins, so a few of the songs in the middle are pretty but not very dramatic."
,80,"[Corgan's] the closest thing our generation has to John Fogerty--a control freak who actually knows what the fuck he's doing. [March 2003, p.118]"
,80,"Zwan's biggest and most pleasant surprise is how unassuming it is."
,80,"As Zwan create a louder and less obviously pop eclat than the Pumpkins, they also turn more minimal. Their first record has one theme: the electric guitar. [#14, p.140]"
,80,"A welcome return to form in which [Corgan] plays rock music not out of obligation, but out of celebration. [March 2003, p.83]"
,80,"'Mary Star Of The Sea' has that kind of miracle-working effect: a euphoric and consistent hour of genetically-tweaked stadium rock that re-establishes Billy Corgan as a great, rather than ridiculous, frontman."
,70,"Mary Star of the Sea doesn't come close to SP's best work, but it absolutely obliterates everything Corgan has done since Mellon Collie."
,70,"While Corgan's tendency toward self-indulgence results in the tedious 14-minute 'Jesus, I/Mary Star of the Sea,' it is just a minor lapse considering the rest of the big, glamorous rock on display here."
,70,"Equal parts prog-rock pretension, spiritual rejuvenation and glam rock harangue."
,70,"Neither miraculous nor wholly divine, but it does mark Corgan's return to form. [Mar 2003, p.102]"
,70,"While Zwan sometimes displays the anguished heart of the Pumpkins, the band also has a leaner, upbeat sound that is, at times, downright sweet and playful."
,48,"The problem lies with the songs themselves, which simply lack outstanding or memorable hooks: Most are content to meander behind a curtain of big rock guitars and bigger rock cliches, infinitely repeating themselves or, in some cases, never saying much of anything at all."
,40,"The candied pop that characterized much of the Pumpkins later work is still out in full force."

,80,"The good stuff is strong enough that anyone who cares about Lou Reed's body of work, or Edgar Allan Poe's literary legacy, ought to give it a careful listen."
,80,"This experiment in rock 'n' roll Poe is a great success even if you occasionally forget that this is rock 'n' roll after all."
,80,"The Raven... does fly on the side of the bizarre, but it holds some rich pickings."
,70,"A rewarding and self-consciously motley fest. [#227, p.60]"
,70,"In the end, what makes this fabulous disaster of an album work is the passion of Reed's performance."
,70,"Demanding, certainly, but a formidable and ambitious endeavour achieved with wit and passion. [Feb 2003, p.86]"
,70,"The spoken words mix wonderfully with excellent musical arrangements, but the original songs primarily suffer in comparison."
,60,"Of course it's pretentious, but the blend of reading-group rock, goth showtunes and gold standard hamming from Willem Dafoe and Steve Buscemi is surprisingly compelling after a while."
,60,"Reed has once again stretched the boundaries of popular music and, in doing so, has honored Edgar Allan Poe's illustrious legacy, along with his own."
,60,"Inevitably, it's a bit of a mess.... But if you like Poe, or Reed, and can tolerate the incoherence, there's fun to be had. [Feb 2003, p.105]"
,60,"Probably makes more sense in a theatre than on your CD player."
,60,"Often falters distressingly."
,58,"Though perfect for hipster English-lit teachers, ravenous Reed fans will find themselves saying 'nevermore.'"
,50,"The outcome is alternately brilliant and awful, adventurous and boring, incisive and pretentious, over-wrought and subtle."
,42,"While that approach might have worked well on stage, on disc it's deeply unsatisfying."
,40,"The format is so rambling and fragmented that is serves neither Poe the storyteller noor Reed the songwriter. [#13, p.97]"
,40,"Reed's wraparound originals are mostly vaudeville, which is to say laughable. [Note: The score listed is for the 2xCD version. The single CD version received a lower score of 1/5 stars.]"
,40,"All albums are vanity projects, but this vanity may be in vain. [Feb 2003, p.76]"
,30,"Reed coaxes great performances out of a few unexpected collaborators--Ornette Coleman delivers frenetic sax playing on Guilty, and downtown singer Antony warbles in a truly otherworldly soprano on The Bed--but these players are crowded out by the albums sprawling mediocrity."
,30,"Maybe it worked on the stage, but taken out of context the result is a two-hour 'Huh?' of an album."
,20,"Really, don't waste your time with this."
,20,"This album is as much of a baffling nadir as Metal Machine Music, with nowhere near the stoned bravado."
,10,"The Raven is downright awful, perhaps Reeds worst album since Metal Machine Music."

,100,"Every track on Hate surpasses the high standards set by its predecessor. Go buy it right now."
,100,"A soaring, orchestral pop masterpiece."
,91,"Catchy tunes about the darkest of emotions. [14 Feb 2003, p.72]"
,90,"'Hate' is gloomy without being self-indulgent, and grand without being pompous."
,90,"Loud, large and unrelenting, Hate is stunning, orchestral pop."
,90,"Where The Great Eastern was a fairly gentle and tentative record in a lot of ways, this one is bigger and demands your attention. The good news is that it's one of those rare records that actually deserves all of the attention it demands."
,90,"Playfully morbid and seriously perverse. [#36, p.49]"
,89,"The dramatic, melancholy undercurrents of string-driven pop nuggets 'The Drowning Years' and 'Never Look at the Sun' showcase the Delgados as the smart, cutting-edge descendents of the Carpenters: everything Belle & Sebastian want to be, but are too damn precocious to pull off."
,88,"The record is very innocent on the surface, but its in the lyrics (again) of Alun Woodward and Emma Pollack that make it cold and dark, even though their vocals seem to make it all sound safe."
,81,"Do some of the more standard-issue runs seem a bit labored? They do.... But the emotion buzzing out of these songs keeps a great number of them stunning, like indie-friendly versions of scores from period epics or superhero movies."
,80,"It hearkens back to the glory days of rock as theater, when bands weren't afraid to reach, or squeeze."
,80,"Rougher than Belle and Sebastian and lovelier than Mogwai, the Delgados craft orchestral maneuvers in the dark that leave bruises. [Feb 2003, p.98]"
,80,"Hate is a record of immense ambition and sophistication, a bold vision, a beautifully calibrated meditation on the messy business of life. [Nov 2002, p.98]"
,70,"The Great Eastern was successful because at its core, it never forgot to rock. On Hate, the Delgados seem to have forgotten that. At the same time, they've grown as songwriters and at times Hate is worthy of comparisons to the Beatles."
,70,"Hate is a beautifully gilded record, thoroughly nice and thoroughly listenable, and a mark higher than a lot of pop music with lofty intentions, but it doesn't move you to extremes."
,60,"Though the pace is a little too consciously measured at times, and there is a certain sameyness about the arrangements, it's a record that, given time, yields up great rewards. [Nov 2002, p.100]"
,60,"In effect, the group have carbon-copied the sound of The Great Eastern but neglected to paste-in an equal number of tunes."
,60,"These four Scots sound like the depressed cousins of the Flaming Lips. [6 Feb 2003, p.62]"
,60,"Unrewardingly dark. [March 2003, p.90]"
,40,"The Delgados have made a fine follow-up to 2000's The Great Eastern. Problem is, it's the same album, more or less. [Nov 2002, p.115]"

,90,"Best of all, it all feels effortless, from the production to the songwriting."
,90,"Illumination is heartfelt, lost-in-the-'60s songcraft, so perfect in style and sound you might think youre in the cavernous halls of Londons BBC studios, home to a zillion performances of the Beatles, the Stones, the Faces, and yes, the Jam. When the past sounds this good, why not revel in it?"
,83,"Interesting variations on classic pop music, delivered with fire and wisdom."
,80,"Easily the most satisfying album of his decade-plus solo career, Illumination marks the first time in ages that Weller has sounded at ease in his own skin: mellow, upbeat, yet aggressive and gritty in all the right places."
,80,"[His] new-found security has enabled Weller to refine his art in the manner of Travis and all those accused of making the same record over and over again. [Oct 2002, p.113]"
,80,"Weller fans can once again breathe a sigh of relief, for the man's still got it."
,80,"Illumination is already being described by the Weller massive as the best solo album of his career. You'll hear few arguments with that from this corner. [Oct 2002, p.118]"
,80,"Britrock's grumpy uncle has regained his gnarled spirit here and fans will feel all the better for it."
,70,"Weller takes a small step forward artistically, building ever so slightly on his sturdy foundation at a time when he's on a songwriting winning streak."
,70,"The soft touch sometimes leaves no mark, but when Weller dominates the mix with his acoustic picking and rich, raspy voice on 'Bag Man' and the spiritually searching title track, the results are simply glowing."
,60,"The ex-Jam frontman careens from folky piffle to respectable bar-band stomp."
,60,"Too wholesome for some, perhaps, but the melodies are reassuringly strong. [Oct 2002, p.96]"

,100,"No great leaps of faith, no huge style shifts, just more of what we've come to love them for. But a bit more laid back and, erm, druggy? If that's at all possible."
,80,"Their catchiest, most compelling record yet."
,80,"In many ways, 'Evil Heat' comes across as something of an amalgam of the Scream's many phases and, because of that, it doesn't necessarily take them forward as their work in the past has done."
,80,"Where Kraftwerk, MC5, and Miles Davis used to tempt them to excess, here the production unites their diverse influences, every track attacking the speakers like an angry lunatic thrashing against the walls of a poorly soundproofed room."
,80,"Less conceptually pure than its predecessor in terms of tone and motivation it may be, but Evil Heat's bespoke tailoring pays dividends time and time again. [Aug 2002, p.94]"
,80,"Dark, electroshocked eighth album from Brit rock's premier party people. [Jan 2003, p.99]"
,80,"A clear progression from 1997's broody 'Vanishing Point' and 2000's abrasive 'Xtrmntr', the seventh Primals album is genuinely their most diverse and consistently thrilling since 'Screamdelica'."
,79,"Not quite the apocalyptic inverse Screamadelica that XTRMNTR was, its still a damn site more radical, experimental and dangerous than anything produced by any other mainstream rock band this year."
,70,"Gillespie's lyrics will never win any Nobels, but the musical excitement generated here is impossible to deny."
,70,"Ultimately, Evil Heat is more evocative than innovative, but why rewrite the book when it's already a compelling read. [Dec 2002, p.80]"
,70,"Evil Heat doesn't exactly break new ground and often amounts to, strictly speaking, little more than pastiche. [Aug 2002, p.104]"
,65,"A letdown from the full-on intensity and imagination of their previous release."
,60,"What could have been an awful mess is instead a glorious mess. [#12, p.151]"
,60,"The biggest detractor here is the band's lack of focus. The record is downright messy at times, even if the thick, murky quality does, in some instances, work to considerable effect."
,60,"On the down side, it's a record that fails to keep pace. [Aug 2002, p.133]"
,60,"Thankfully, Kevin Shields puts together some great guitarscapes in Evil Heat -- maybe the best work he's done post Loveless. It's what saves this record, since Bobby Gillespie (as usual) tries to ruin some of these tracks with some pretty silly lyrics."
,60,"Sadly, the electro-plated Evil Heat is neither evil nor particularly molten. [Jan 2003, p.99]"
,60,"Evil Heat lacks a coherent vision and sounds, if anything, like Xtrmntr's cast-offs."
,60,"While it misses the suicidal rush of imminent destruction, Evil Heat still sounds dangerously rash. [Jan 2003, p.76]"
,60,"As always, Primal Scream's sonics remain as thick as their hooks are slim."
,60,"For all its attempts at hipster currency, Evil Heat reveals the needle-shaped creative hole where the drugs used to be. [#57, p.102]"
,50,"Bobby Gillespie and company come up short here."
,50,"Evil Heat...  feels suspiciously like XTRMNTR outtakes, which isn't half as bad as it sounds; there's a sense of cohesion to the proceedings, and nothing, wisely, sounds remotely like the gossamer bliss-takes of Screamadelica."
,30,"'Miss Lucifer'... [is] the first of many tracks on Evil Heat that cross rock 'n' roll and electro, only to get Sigue Sigue Sputnik. [#223, p.61]"

,83,"This disc has a clutch of songs that mix chord-y abandon with raging rock riffs--and a heck of a lot of good times."
,80,"So Sum 41 have grown up... a little.... It's all relative, and, crucially, it still rocks. [#12, p.153]"
,80,"This is 'All Killer No Filler' with bells on and 'Does This Look Infected?' will rightly have the Blink 'boys' quaking in their trainers."
,80,"Throughout, the bouncy enthusiasm of old has become heavier, louder, faster and stronger. [Jan 2003, p.113]"
,70,"There are no real surprises here but then in the land of pop-punk surprise is not high on the agenda."
,70,"Trouble is, as grown up and grouchy as Sum 41 may have become (on record, if not in Strokes-mocking video), they sure aint no Fugazi."
,67,"What's missing is a sense of danger, a whiff of real risk, elements that have always been crucial to great rock."
,65,"Sum 41's second album careens with the impassioned joy of young men less interested in taking the system down than in entertaining their fellow mallrats."
,60,"Does This Look Infected? squeezes a dozen energetic songs into a half-hour, and each one is over before you can figure out why that chorus sounds familiar or where you've heard that riff before."

,90,"This could be one of the most important records of the year."
,90,"The tracks on Steal come off as much more assured and comfortable than those on Toxicity. [Jan 2003, p.81]"
,83,"Many of ''Album's'' tunes work as vibrant stand-alone compositions, which not only makes this an impressive disc but also makes ''Toxicity'' seem all the more masterful: Even the rejects sound pretty damn great."
,83,"As leftovers go, this Album is refreshingly tasty."
,80,"Steal This Album is still not the perfect SOAD album, but it's by far their most realized yet."
,80,"System's repeated willingness to make so much noise in the service of getting nowhere reveals an enduring idealism. [Feb 2003, p.96]"
,70,"A relevant addition to System's catalog."
,70,"Whatever it lacks in cohesive identity it more than makes up for in chaotic invention. [Feb 2003, p.107]"
,70,"The singer's curious persona is mirrored by the musical pyrotechnics, Queen meets Rage Against The Machine in a metal production of Godspell!, an inventiveness and fury that makes their MTV contemporaries look as dynamic as lard models of Linkin Park."
,70,"It only further proves how good a band this is, and despite a few tepid moments, it hints at even more greatness on the horizon."
,60,"Few bands are better equipped to release an odds-and-sods record such as Steal This Album!, because SOAD songs already seem like bits and pieces of different songs welded and held together through sheer force of will."
,50,"What's most impressive is that music of this caliber got left off their albums. [#13, p.100]"

,91,"The result isn't a faux Rage album; rather, it's the true follow-up to Soundgarden's ''Superunknown'' that neither that band nor a solo Cornell ever managed."
,90,"A remarkable record. [Feb 2003, p.96]"
,90,"One of the most important rock bands ever meets one of the best, and guess what, they've only gone and knocked out a bonafide masterpiece. It's 1993 all over again, but it's also 1970 and 2002 and beyond, because an album this classic transcends any pigeonholing."
,80,"They just want to rock you into peaceful submission, and they are successful about 70 percent of the time. [Dec 2002, p.135]"
,80,"Audioslave is the best of both bands."
,80,"The first truly great rock band of the 21st century."
,75,"While a bit of this debut sounds like Cornell doing his best over Rage-ified staccato riffs, these guys are at the top of their game when they reverse the formula and make way for Cornell's masterful wail and poetic imagery."
,70,"A curious idea from its inception, pairing Soundgarden's singer with Rage's musicians promises a unique alchemy it can't entirely deliver, obscuring the latter's politics and distinct sound."
,67,"This 'debut' is surprisingly nimble, but mostly it's exactly what everyone expected: Chris Cornell blowing out his trachea over a familiar 'Killing in the Name' liquid grind."
,60,"This is feel-good stuff, the sound of a rejuvenating artistic vacation. [#12, p.136]"
,60,"Many of the songs sound like they're just on the verge of achieving liftoff, never quite reaching their potential."
,60,"In their past lives, the members of this band were enraged. Now, fierce as they might sound, Audioslave just seem sorta engorged."
,50,"The group seems incapable of integrating these traits into something new. It's either Morello re-writing his old licks for bash-and-thud Rage-style rawk or Cornell's more straightforward tension/release confessionals."
,50,"Bad news for fans of either party who'd expected the union to generate something revolutionary. [Dec 2002, p.85]"
,40,"Sadly, it seems that with 'Audioslave' these people who were involved in some very exciting rock records in the 1990s, now seem happy to be making some bad ones from the 1970s."
,40,"Audioslave is weighed down by Cornell's po-faced bellow, and it goes on 20 minutes too long. [Feb 203, p.79]"
,37,"Lacking individuality, distinction and imagination, this album is over-produced, overlong and over-indulgent."
,30,"Less than the sum of their parts, the album and the band don't even amount to an interesting failure, because the known quantities do what they have always done only this time in tandem."
,17,"At its worst, this project is just plain retarded."

,80,"From the onset, this disc excels on a new level."
,70,"If Foreigner was still an active, young band, it would sound a lot like Matchbox Twenty."
,60,"Matchbox Twenty now seem almost dignified, a fact that is as much a tribute to their advancing abilities as it is to how shamelessly their sellout successors suck."
,50,"The songs lack hooks, as if melody would be too commercial, while the production has its sights on the radio, resulting in tuneless songs that are polished for mainstream consumption."
,42,"A subpar album."
,40,"Thomas's songs derive power from being derivative. [#13, p.98]"
,40,"Their songs aren't as good as their playing. [Apr 2003, p.98]"
,40,"Mostly it's too laboured to uplift. [Apr 2003, p.109]"
,40,"Thomas' lyrics are too frequently overwraught. [Mar 2003, p.98]"

,80,"Everything here is all programmed refinement, stylish melodies and vocal fireworks."
,80,"This is slick, snarky pop with flashes of brilliance. [#12, p.151]"
,80,"An album that, on first listen, glides by doing nothing wrong. Second time around, you realise that, more accurately, it's doing everything right, and you're spellbound. [Jun 2003, p.92]"
,80,"Loose Screw captures the group's classic mix of grit and sentiment, illustrating how to make a good album that neither ignores the past nor shamelessly apes the present."
,70,"The best Pretenders record since 1994's Last of the Independents. [Dec 2002, p.141]"
,70,"Seldom do you get to see an artist exorcise her pain in public with such poise and fearlessness."
,70,"There are no sweeping creative revelations -- are there ever, on eighth albums? -- but nothing here sullies the group's legacy either."
,70,"The songs are immediately accessible, with a classic rock/modern pop delivery thats every bit as lively and exciting as the very first disc this band released."
,70,"The mix of fast paced rockers with more reflective reggae and dub-inspired tracks make this eighth offering one of the group's better albums."
,67,"Even if you haven't matured with the band, it's hard not to be enchanted by Chrissie Hynde's silky-smooth voice."
,60,"A proper, reggae-tinged rock album. [Jun 2003, p.104]"
,60,"The Pretenders' eighth studio album, Loose Screw, is their first on an independent label after 20 years with Warner, but the switch hasn't made any difference in the group's style."
,40,"Characterised by both an ill-advised flirtation with cutting-edge electronics and an overabundance of rather washed-out reggae. [Jun 2003, p.98]"

,90,"Pearl Jam has made some of the most vital music of its career."
,80,"Those waiting for another record as challenging as 'Vitalogy' will be left disappointed. But 'Riot Act' is the sound of a band entering a powerful middle-age. They still deserve your attention."
,80,"From its downbeat organ opening to its exhilarating climax, it's almost the sound of a garage band taking on 70s prog-rock excess - all the ambition and none of the flabby indulgence."
,80,"The most quietly adventurous, intriguing document the group has assembled in ages."
,80,"Sticking to a formula -- a formula that works for them -- the band sounds fiercer than ever on Riot Act."
,80,"In some ways, Riot Act is the album that Pearl Jam has been wanting to make since Vitalogy -- a muscular art rock record, one that still hits hard but that is filled with ragged edges and odd detours."
,75,"Eddie's heartfelt lyrics rarely cohere... [but their] grooves still sound taut, emotive, and world-class."
,75,"The frequently acoustic guitars and the frontman's mumbled ramblings on death, politics and love make this a fairly quiet, and deep, Riot."
,70,"'Riot Act' may be neither 'the-best-album-since' nor 'a-brilliant-return-to-form', but neither is it more-of-the-same-but-less-so."
,70,"This album has plenty of ideas and plenty of 'moments.' [Jan 2003, p.92]"
,70,"With its restless spirituality and dense, decidedly un-pop arrangements, Riot Act perhaps most closely resembles that first album (No Code) of the post-Vitalogy years."
,70,"In mood, style and tone, Riot Act sounds like every other Pearl Jam record, but this is not necessarily a bad thing. [Dec 2002, p.89]"
,70,"Like their last three records... [Riot Act] balances emotive bombast with a taut, sweaty hard-rock attack. [Dec 2002, p.137]"
,60,"An adult rock record in which nuance succeeds over bombast. [Dec 2002, p.108]"
,60,"A couple of songs could do with more melody and less of Mike McCready's spidery guitar breaks. [Dec 2002, p.132]"
,60,"The familiarity of this straightforward tumble sounds tired -- the musicians struggle to put their backs and hearts into the Mudhoney-ish rocker 'Save You.' But like Neil Young at his most deliberately despondent, Pearl Jam sound purposefully tired."
,60,"Hints at greatness, but never quite sustains it."
,60,"The production seems to capture a band that's playing live, with the guitarists constantly pushing each other and tunes evolving on the spot. [#11, p.122]"
,55,"This is a definite upswing from the steaming pile of crap that was Binaural, but not the return to form that older fans of the band may have been hoping for."
,49,"Riot Act meanders from one song to the next with an overwhelming insipidness."

,88,"The energy the band packs into their songs is unbelievable."
,80,"This is a smart LP. From the opening chunder of 'One Note', a mean bass riff and some grade A wittering, their throb is pure and their thrum sweet."
,80,"Ikara Colt have clambered up the food chain by choosing the short, sharp shock of mid-'80s Sonic Youth as the template for their entire being. [#12, p.143]"
,80,"By pulling from alt rock's elite past to concoct its own primitive magic, Ikara Colt has come up with a rock solid first album."
,71,"Chat and Business won't bring you down, nor will it kick your ass. It's the kind of album that's never better than its last single."
,70,"Put it this way - if you don't loathe the likes of Starsailor and Travis with every fibre of your being then there's absolutely no fucking chance whatsobleedingever that you'll like Ikara Colt."
,70,"All the members of Ikara Colt are so damn good at what they do, it's not that difficult to forgive their sometimes-adolescent, not quite fully formed politics."
,70,"If there's a fault with Ikara Colt, it's that they can't rock steadily for more than a few measures without getting self-conscious about it. [Jan 2003, p.94]"
,60,"Ikara Colt deliver their rock with a boastful swagger but still fail to generate too much excitement."
,60,"Ikara Colt creates an edgy, electronic/punk-inspired sound with Chat and Business, and the end result is impressively slick."

,90,"A New Day at Midnight is not White Ladder part 2, but it does bear certain similarities, namely emotional, beautiful music matched with equally beautiful lyrics, and, of course David Gray's unmistakable voice."
,90,"A work of exceptional songwriting, performance and production."
,83,"''Midnight'''s only drawback is its rinky-dink production, which, while less distracting than on ''White Ladder,'' is woefully inappropriate for such delicate, heartfelt music."
,80,"As a whole it lacks the unity of mood the characterised White Ladder... but there is much to love. [Dec 2002, p.106]"
,80,"A dozen vivid and deeply personal songs.... Gray has made a record that anybody who cares about great songwriting should hear. [Dec 2002, p.130]"
,80,"His beautiful detachment makes these nondescript hooks -- so plain they'd be forgettable if sung by anyone else -- into something special."
,80,"So is it White Ladder II? In a word, 'yes.' [Nov 2002, p.94]"
,70,"Comes off likea rave-era update of Van Morrison's blue-eyed soul. [Feb 2003, p.138]"
,70,"If you liked Gray before, you'll still like him now."
,70,"Gray is smart enough to stick to a winning formula, making these dour but likable songs instantly recognizable as his own."
,70,"While not much of a departure from the honed formula of 'White Ladder', much of 'A New Day At Midnight' opts to pare down that winning mix of gentle dance beats and piano even further, leaving Gray's gorgeous gutsy vocal to do more of the talking on his melancholy tales of love and loss."
,60,"The album merely washes pleasantly past, tickling the ear and delivering a few hummable refrains. There's nothing here to lift listeners the way White Ladder did. [#12, p.143]"
,60,"A poor man's Aimee Mann. [Jan 2003, p.99]"
,60,"He sticks with simple acoustics and subtle string arrangements; however, A New Day at Midnight doesn't possess the heavy heart of White Ladder."
,40,"As uncharismatic as its creator, it's certainly boring, but no more so than anything Richard Ashcroft has come up with."
,40,"He lets the technology overwhelm the proceedings and all too often it is used in service of forgettable, substandard melodies."

,100,"Arguably, not since early Costello has a British solo artist combined such bare-arsed soulfulness with such corrosively perceptive humour. Quite something. [Album of the Month, Nov 2002, p.112]"
,91,"It's the rare guitar geek who acts like strings and horns are where he's always belonged rather than where he hopes he'll fit in."
,90,"The music here combines the scrappy, psychedelic folk of Hour of Bewilderbeast with the more melodic and sentimental 'About a Boy' soundtrack."
,90,"Unlike most of his contemporaries, singer-songwriter Gough is willing to explore all sorts of styles while allowing himself to be as playful or serious as he wants. [Dec 2002, p.74]"
,83,"The abnormal-for-him buoyancy wears thin, but Gough ultimately outpaces most of his U.K. sensitive-soul peers. [29 Nov 2002, p.106]"
,80,"Finds Gough at his most stylistically promiscuous to date. [Nov 2002, p.102]"
,80,"If he still sounds semi-conscious half the time, so be it. Three albums into his misleading career and Damon Gough, it seems, can still write strange, life-affirming pop music in his sleep."
,80,"Part of a singular lineage of deceptively amiable and peculiarly British music that reaches back from Supergrass to Madness and Squeeze. [Nov 2002, p.102]"
,80,"A treasure trove of musical curios."
,80,"There is a flow and coherence to these fifteen tracks that make the narrative whole much larger than the sum of its occasionally goofy parts."
,80,"It's not that Have You Fed the Fish? is vastly inferior to Gough's debut so much as it's an unbalanced and ultimately frustrating album."
,73,"Taken individually, several of the tracks on the disc are the best that Gough has ever done. As a whole, the album just flows a bit inconsistently."
,70,"There are ideas galore here, which is always admirable, though you feel he could have taken the 15 tracks, whittled it down to 10, and developed all this stuff to staggering effect."
,70,"At its worst (on the title track, for example), Have You Fed The Fish? sounds uncomfortably bloated; the superfluous instruments and noises obscure the inherent lightness of Gough's cabaret-influenced songwriting.... But even the worst of Have You Fed The Fish? isn't all that bad."
,70,"Nowhere near as strong and complete as Bewilderbeast, but its best moments burn just as brightly. [#57, p.81]"
,70,"Gough sounds like a guy celebrating his birthday in an airport cocktail bar. [Jan 2003, p.99]"
,66,"That's just the thing with Badly Drawn Boy-- he doesn't care about momentum, or continuity, or a lot of other things that you might quite reasonably care about when you sit down to listen to his records."
,60,"Have You Fed the Fish? seems like a bit of a let down. A surprisingly catchy and listenable disappointment, but a disappointment nonetheless."
,60,"Where once the bark was of Beck, we have - and this hurts - Wings."
,50,"Plainly put, there's something missing in Have You Fed The Fish -- something fresh and whimsical, a tie that binds the songs together, and that endearing twinge that made The Hour such a masterpiece."
,50,"The disappointments just keep on coming."
,50,"This collection of quirky tunes is largely directionless, with Gough's indistinct voice sounding lost and uncertain in a swell of pianos, strings and horn arrangements."
,40,"His second proper album tempers the jollity with some beef, or at least a couple of traditional rock-guitar solos, and the result is an uncharacteristic stiffness. [#11, p.125]"

,83,"Recommended listening strategy: Put Time Out of Mind out of your mind, kick back, and enjoy. [8 Nov 2002, p.106]"
,83,"The sturdy jams--decorated with Moog, powerful guitars and frontman Jakob Dylan's sexy purr--pour out of the stereo and stick in your head."
,80,"It's a strong effort, probably the kid's best thus far, and Dad should be proud."
,80,"It's hard not to wish that the album had a bit more of the quirks and muscle that gave Breach its backbone. Without it, Red Letter Days isn't quite as forceful, but it is accomplished, melodic, and attractive."
,80,"They strive to be a classic band, crafting timeless songs that will still be fresh and relevant long after the competition sounds dated and quaint."
,70,"It's the strength of the lyrics that brings each song to a place the group hasn't truly been before on a consistent basis."
,60,"There's definitely nothing earth-shattering here... but there's nothing that's going to alienate the fanbase, either."
,60,"A straightforward barnburner of an album."
,60,"The Wallflowers make some of the best radio-friendly hooks and melodies around. [Mar 2003, p.112]"
,60,"Jakob Dylan shakes off dad's shadow to make music that sounds like... Tom Petty. [Feb 2003, p.109]"
,60,"Solid, sometimes brilliant. [#11, p.146]"
,40,"Uplifting but ultimately lightweight. [Dec 2002, p.132]"
,15,"Mediocre to its very last note, it reminds you that mediocrity is indeed far worse than simply awful."

,90,"Possibly their best.... Brave, bleak yet compassionate. [#225, p.77]"
,90,"This is audaciously modern in its textural absorption of outre sounds from the 21st-century dance underground. [Dec 2002, p.136]"
,80,"American Supreme proves that Suicide can reach backward and still remain ahead of the pack."
,80,"An accomplished release that attests to their enduringly unique sound and vision."
,70,"Some of it sounds remarkably sedate and conventional ('Televised Executions,' 'American Mean') while other tracks ('Beggin' For Miracles') ramble psychotically into the good night of avant-garde minimalism."
,70,"Despite its relative palatability, compared with their earlier work, this is a hard album to like--and that's what makes it good. [Jan 2003, p.102]"
,70,"American Supreme, even at its most unlistenable and monotonous, still makes its point."
,70,"Suicide have rounded the edges on their metal machine music and jettisoned some rubbery retroisms. [Nov 2002, p.77]"
,70,"[A] fractiously funky but resolutely glum return. [Dec 2002, p.108]"
,60,"The raw, first-take sound of most of these songs is impressive--Suicide remain the most genuinely punk of electronic bands. [#11, p.144]"
,60,"A curious beast -- dark, confused, displaced and often hopeless."
,50,"If American Supreme showed up today as the product of youngsters, Suicide would be called electro-clash. [Dec 2002, p.92]"
,40,"Perhaps the strangest twist about this record is how much of it sounds more crude and antiquated than the duo's first two albums, which were released over 20 years prior to this one."
,40,"They've unfortunately discovered dance music several years too late. [Dec 2002, p.112]"
,30,"American Supreme accomplishes little more than tarnishing their chrome-plated punk and sending it on a winding downward spiral."

,100,"Uncommonly rich and unfashionably gynocentric, Scarlet's Walk makes the personal universal, using the stories of women lost, left and unseen to chart a map of the American psyche. [#11, p.124]"
,90,"The album serves as both an ambitious travelogue and as a graceful rejoinder to the bitterness and frustration that inspired it, with Amos wading through swells of sadness ('I Can't See New York'), anger ('Don't Make Me Come to Vegas'), and insecurity ('Your Cloud') with velvety grace."
,90,"As usual, her melodies stubbornly refuse to turn into hooks, preferring to twirl into new territory. But her approach suits the material, which flows like the colors on a weather map, from Los Angeles to Nevada, from New York to Virginia, gathering thunder along the way.  [Nov 2002]"
,90,"As ambitious as anything in recent pop music memory.... One of the most invigorating and arresting works of her career."
,90,"A magnificent, epic take on American history and mythology."
,89,"Scarlet's Walk not only evinces Amos' musical maturation, it's also the singer's most ambitious lyrical work."
,80,"The new album's themes show that Amos is energized with stories to tell once again - making Scarlet's Walk at once ambitious and also one of her most moving collections yet. [Nov 2002]"
,80,"It marks a return to the sound and feel of Under the Pink and is her best album since then."
,80,"One of Amos' most deeply felt, spiritually astute and finest albums. [Dec 2002, p.138]"
,80,"Similar to the artist's Under the Pink in tone and continuity, Scarlet demands repeated spins to fully appreciate its chapters' musical and lyrical complexities."
,70,"Yes, its a concept album, but its not crap. Actually, Scarlets Walk is very suitable for an artist with Amos capacity for spewing drama from her intense and highly articulated words."
,70,"Musically, the tunes are more cohesive this time around, with more of a 'band' feel then simply people accompanying Amos and her Bosendorfer."
,70,"Amid all the elegantly sweeping, minor-key arrangements are the usual aggravating moments."
,70,"This is where Scarlet's Walk falters: Its concept is unfathomable."
,67,"Walk isn't groundbreaking as much as typical Tori Amos--a dramatic menagerie of atmospheric tracks filled with manic piano, morose characters and so many literary allusions you'll need CliffsNotes to figure 'em out."
,60,"Her message, so powerful when unadorned, tends to get diluted by the awkward arrangements that accompany it."
,60,"There's an army of voices inside Tori Amos, and the girl knows how to use them."
,60,"Ultimately, the moments of bare beauty on such tracks as 'Your Cloud' and 'Crazy' set Amos apart as a true original. [Dec 2002]"
,60,"While her writing is often flattened by the ungainly toil of navvying away for the Big Idea, the flame of toriamosness burns through at times. [Nov 2002, p.114]"
,60,"The music here only rarely matches up. [Nov 2002, p.96]"
,16,"Cumulative effect? Soul-depleting. [1 Nov 2002, p.70]"

,80,"'Kiss...' operates on a level of perversity, honesty and originality that blows most bands out of the water."
,80,"Finally finding a palatable singing voice, too, the musical acuity shown here still places him very much in front of guitar-hero peers like John Squire and Bernard Butler. [Dec 2002, p.129]"
,70,"The album's real trump card is its abiding sense of goggle-eyed imagination. [Nov 2002, p.98]"
,40,"Only the relatively jolly Escape Song is worth excavating from the morass. [Nov 2002, p.97]"

,80,"Finisterre distills their Mellotrons, strummed guitars and electronic beats to a fine essence. [Oct 2002, p.114]"
,80,"It's clear Saint Etienne have returned from their pastoral hiatus, ready to do what they do best: distill and riff on music history's catalog with inimitable style and substance. [Nov 2002, p.98]"
,80,"Literate and heartfelt, the album's also a sonic riot, with gutsy electro, dream-pop and feminist rap jostling for attention beneath Sarah Cracknell's creamy vocals. [#11, p.142]"
,80,"Saint Etienne's most far-reaching album since Fox Base Alpha. [Nov 2002, p.124]"
,80,"It may not be the best album of their career, but it's certainly the most interesting -- and a reliable cure for your indifference."
,76,"Saint Etienne have been 'back' before, but this time-- this time it sounds like they're really back."
,76,"Saint Etienne have regained their touch."
,70,"Cracknell's straight '60s pop ballads sit oddly, but a clubbable Shower Scene and well-electroclash Amateur and New Thing suggest more than a fiar outlook for the weathering well threesome. [Oct 2002, p.110]"
,60,"A gem for the highly sensitive. [17 Oct 2002, p.72]"
,60,"While individual songs work on their own, the album seldom succeeds as a whole."
,60,"The disc comes across like the best B-sides compliation you've never heard. [Nov 2002, p.77]"
,50,"At its best, Finisterre finds Saint Etienne exploring new moods within their familiar formula of '60s acoustic sounds meet '90s electronica rhythms; at its worst, which is far more often, it clumsily grafts hip-hop and electro-synth on to the group's increasingly shopworn pop hooks."
,50,"Missteps more than it hits."

,91,"Here, Grohl consistently puts forth straightforward, stripped-down rock that is neither ironic nor pandering--a fine line between Cheap Trick and cheap tricks."
,91,"The Foo Fighters' One by One, the band's first album since 1999, is densely packed with glum song titles, grinding beats, and moaned vocals. The result? Unexpected exhilaration."
,89,"Let's just hope it doesn't take another near-death experience for their next album to be this good."
,80,"There is no denying the power of this album."
,80,"One by One, in all its thunderous angst and desperate expressions of hope, represents a full-on exploration of the Foos '70s influences."
,80,"Everything they had, they still have - but now every note is ten times more focused and urgent."
,80,"The joyous hooks and choruses remain, but they're tempered by a welcome moodiness. [Dec 2002, p.129]"
,80,"Arguably its most cohesive and dynamic effort yet."
,80,"It's rock that draws power from its determination to struggle onward."
,80,"They may have just failed to make a Great Rock Album--though it has many moments of greatness--but they have unquestionably become a Great Rock Band. [Album of the Month, Nov 2002, p.90]"
,70,"[It's] tight and competent in both musical and production value, lyrically intelligent, rhythmically driving, and yet -- like the boyfriend who seems perfect but just doesn't give you butterflies -- ultimately unsatisfying."
,70,"Quite simply, only the Chili Peppers are even in this class now, and it took them a lot more than four albums to get there."
,60,"One By One is mostly middling, sticking to slick, pounding, functional rock that doesn't dig much deeper than the usual spleen-venting and loud-quiet brooding-to-bluster formula."
,60,"Grohl's every intense metal rave-up quickly passes into a sweet, breezy melody that makes it hard to take most of the songs all that seriously. [#11, p.137]"
,60,"It's hard not to wish that the songs stuck in your head the way they used to, even if it's still enjoyable as a whole."
,60,"One By One, the latest album from the Foo Fighters, rocks. Problem is, that is about all it does."
,60,"A solid album, turgid and at times stormy."
,60,"While One By One starts like the best Foo Fighters album ever it doesn't deliver track-upon-track. [Nov 2002, p.110]"
,54,"With every album, the Foos get slicker than before; the passion behind their songs waxed off by an ever-thickening veneer of overproduction. Right now, the Foos are so polished you can see right through them."

,90,"A great party record, pop-metal to a splendid degree. [Jan 2003, p.84]"
,80,"They're like the best party band at the best party you can imagine. [#11, p.130]"
,80,"Their best yet. [May 2003, p.102]"
,80,"It's full-on, one-dimensional and perfect. It ain't clever, but it could be very big."
,80,"The perpetually teenaged foursome still have their raw edges and sharp teeth, it's just that the edges rip deeper and the teeth bite harder with this more efficient and well-crafted rock assault."
,80,"As ballsy as anything you'll hear all year."
,80,"The album rocks from start to finish, with no break in the action, resulting in a very listener friendly and satisfying major label debut."
,75,"Their songs, which at best have the dumb-fun appeal of a Joan Jett hit and at worst are forgettably rote, aren't laments or tirades but empowered commands."
,70,"If this disc has a weakness, it's in the somewhat 'samey' feel of a couple of the songs, but at just under 40 minutes it's no biggie."
,70,"Spend The Night emerges as the dumb-riffed album Courtney Love tried to make with Celebrity Skin. [May 2003, p.94]"
,60,"There's something comforting about this raucous four-girl group's dependence on the tight, hard riff and its vision of heaven as a 7-Eleven parking lot."
,60,"But for all The Donnas' ongoing charms, Spend The Night tempers them with a faint whiff of predictability."
,60,"Sure, Spend The Night's pile-up of head-nod riffs and fist-pumping chants gets a little repetitive, but the groove suits The Donnas so well, you can forgive them. [May 2003, p.106]"
,29,"Make no mistake, Spend the Night defies any post-liberation role reversal debate: The album, both musically and lyrically, is so one-dimensional, it would be equally vapid at the hands of either sex."

,80,"With the exception of the Joy Division influenced 'City', the final third of the album drops the ante somewhat. The idea, though, that this sophomore effort may be laying the foundations for something even mightier cannot be ignored."
,80,"A fantastically overwrought and indulgent yet also controlled exercise in emotive guitar rock. [Nov 2002, p.103]"
,70,"An impressive consolidation rather than a startling revelation."
,70,"With a secret nod and a flick of an amulet, JJ72 have wandered into Mercury Rev's sacred ground of mystical contemplation."
,40,"The appealing immediacy evident on the debut is smothered by the overbearing production. [Nov 2002, p.118]"

,80,"It's great, with well-judged strings and horns giving full rein to some marvellously acute lyrics.... A glorious return. [Oct 2002, p.117]"
,80,"With songs full of piss and vinegar, Soft Cell's return is triumphant and toxic."
,70,"The finest tracks here update the duo's attitude as well as their sound, dissecting anew cultural and emotional climate with a bittersweet detachment reminiscent of the Pet Shop Boys. [Oct 2002, p.124]"
,70,"Cruelty Without Beauty is the sound of Soft Cell reclaiming the musical territory they staked out in their 1981 hit debut, Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret, offering up hooky, dancefloor-oriented synthetic soul, now jacked up into a higher gear for the clublands of the new millennium."
,60,"In updating the duo's dirty old sound, Ball makes the arrangements clunky, too clean and dangerously close to the blandness Almond bemoans. [#10, p.126]"
,60,"What Cruelty Without Beauty lacks in originality it more than makes up for with sheer wit. [Oct 2002, p.81]"
,60,"As before, attempts to explore London's seedy underbelly verge on hamfisted and voyeuristic. But, again as before, Soft Cell really flourish with Marc's relationship horror stories, which happens on two songs."

,83,"This set combines gorgeous traditional songs and top players with some powerful singing. [11 Oct 2002, p.82]"
,80,"For those infatuated with her magical voice, this album of work doesn't disappoint."
,80,"One of her finest albums to date."
,80,"Throughout Sean-Nos Nua the production treats O'Connor's voice like a canvas on which to paint vivid images. At times the result is distracting, with far too much slapback, but it also scores on songs like 'Molly Malone,' where vocal and instrumental textures together trace the tale through poignant light and ominous shadow."
,80,"Sean-Ns Nua takes a few songs to find its footing, but then it towers with her best."
,70,"Her most rapturous work in a decade."
,70,"Nothing sounds quite as expected. [Nov 2002, p.108]"
,63,"O'Connor sounds very relaxed, and ultimately humbled by the ancient material. She resists the temptation to use her vocal tics and affectations; for the most part, she sings the words with a straightforward clarity and reverence."
,60,"Her haunting voice is perfect for these downcast dirges. [#11, p.139]"
,40,"The results, while respectfully chocolate box pretty, make Enya seem like a bomb-making radical. [Nov 2002, p.109]"
,20,"A sentimental indulgence destined for a theme-pub half-life. [Nov 2002, p.114]"

,100,"His encouraging lyrics are creatively conceived and cliche-free, while his music has a folky, redemptive grace. [11 Oct 2002, p.83]"
,90,"With Cobblestone Runway, he proves once again he's one of the best songwriters out there, and easily the best Canadian songwriter working today."
,90,"It's a gorgeous, life-affirming gem for those willing to seek it out."
,90,"If Cobblestone Runway's surfaces may initially puzzle a few fans, the heart, soul and hard-won wisdom of these performances confirm that he's finally mastered the recording studio, and it ranks with his best-realized work to date."
,80,"Despite the odd bump Sexsmith could be in business at last. [Dec 2002, p.111]"
,80,"The perfect combination of restrained production and sparkling tunes."
,70,"His melancholic optimism is uplifting and his melodies surprisingly plush. [Dec 2002, p.140]"
,60,"Great in places, but somehow not quite Ron. [Dec 2002, p.122]"
,60,"Sensitivity in excess. [#11, p.142]"

,86,"Wire is continuing to make greatness look easy."
,84,"Its the rare reunion project that actually adds something of significance to the bands catalogue."
,83,"It's a still-thrilling combo, even if these new songs lack the tuneful pop smarts that made Pink Flag tracks like 'Field Day for the Sundays' classics. [Review of EPs 01 and 02, 21 Oct 2002]"
,80,"Fans who still have a great deal of admiration for eighties Wire will probably be most pleasantly surprised by Read and Burn 02."
,80,"Read & Burn 02 shares its predecessor's hit-and-run aesthetic: it's a post-industrial punk rock barrage of buzzing, stinging guitars; chunky bass lines; and clockwork beats littered with terse, strangled vocals that fall somewhere between bolshy, pre-brawl aggression and football-terrace chants."
,60,"So diffuse and mechanical, it sounds as if it were recorded by rebellious microchips in a German laboratory. [#13, p.103]"

,80,"Song for song, it's better and more consistent than Head Music... thanks partially to Stephen Street's focused, flattering production, but also due to a sharp set of songs."
,70,"At its best, 'A New Morning' sees Suede show off their vulnerable side again. It won't attract any new admirers but old fans will love them more for it."
,69,"It's difficult to overcome consistently lame, often meaningless lyrics-- especially with Suede's classic rock focus on singer and melody-- but they cope."
,60,"For the most part, Anderson's cockernee affectations have gone, as have his references to drugs, gasoline and tube-bound alienation. Instead, we have the sci-fi romance of 'Astro Girls' and the rabble-rousing rock of 'Street Life.' [Nov 2002, p.126]"
,60,"Half existential joy'n'emptiness, half just empty. [Oct 2002, p.96]"
,60,"Though it's not quite the folk-pop album that some post-Head Music interviews with Anderson had foreshadowed, the ballads do outweigh the rockers, which puts the lyrics in the spotlight, for better and for worse."
,60,"The faithful will be overjoyed: despite the optimistic title there's nothing new here, only a distillation of trace elements from previous outings. [Oct 2002, p.106]"
,40,"This hack-job (bish-bash-boshed out by uberproducer Stephen Street) takes all the bland, tawdry, white-bread bits from the past two Suede albums, butters them up with a smear of Bon Jovi balladeering, chews them into gloop with nicotine-stained, plastic dentures and... well, ends up flushing a once-great career straight down the in-at-number-16-out-the-next-week toilet."

,100,"Many of these harrowing tunes, like 'Lonesome Tears' and 'Guess I'm Doing Fine' have the lonely blues feel of Beck's similar-sounding Mutations, and they definitely get better with repeated play."
,100,"A perfect treasure of soft, spangled woe sung with a heavy open heart.... It's the best album Beck has ever made."
,90,"Sea Change aches too thoroughly to be mere career shift. It's the kind of album that at times seems too sad for the singer's own good. [Album of the Month, Oct 2002, p.90]"
,90,"Beck has rarely performed with such maturity and confidence, breathing a rich, often haunting baritone into songs that seem to follow a plotline thread of despair after the end of a relationship."
,90,"Certainly his most personal record, arguably his best."
,90,"What's startling about Sea Change is how it brings everything that's run beneath the surface of Beck's music to the forefront, as he's unafraid to not just reveal emotions, but to elliptically examine them in this wonderfully melancholy song cycle."
,90,"A supremely dainty-assed achievement that jerks real tears. [Oct 2002, p.111]"
,90,"Sea Change not only signals a pinnacle in his career but may just be remembered, in an environment fueled by accelerating cycles of disposable culture, as one of this young decade's best records."
,90,"For the first time in his career he has made an album that is clearly not a product of Beck, the single-syllabled entertainer, but rather that of Beck Hansen, the person."
,89,"Sea Change joins Weezer's Maladroit and the Red Hot Chili Peppers' By the Way on the list of beautiful-but-sad 2002 L.A. LPs."
,83,"With repeated listenings, the sluggish ditties transform into a beautiful, mournful hymn of love won and lost."
,83,"It improves on Mutations with sparkling variation and a depth of emotion Beck seldom seems to achieve."
,80,"One of his finest efforts to date."
,80,"A great record to play at 3 A.M. [#10, p.112]"
,80,"An emotive, often sorrowful work that features his most personal lyrics to date."
,80,"Beck swaddles the hurt in a lush assortment of elements that would sound like Babel under anyone else's direction."
,80,"Its startling brand of dreamlike space-folk, while reminiscent of earlier efforts like Stereopathic Soul Manure, is a wholly unique venture."
,80,"Once you've let it grow on you, Sea Change is largely so lovely that you'll forgive him. [Oct 2002, p.98]"
,80,"This is beautiful music set in minor keys."
,80,"Sea Change is different (and, in a way, less interesting) than everything Beck has previously done, but he has a rare gift that he shares with precious few artists, Prince and Bob Dylan amongst them: no matter what he does, Beck will always be interesting."
,70,"Sea Change, while still a very good disc, is a disappointment in that it marks the first time Beck has ever retraced his steps."
,69,"Here, as on Mutations, he confuses lyrical simplicity and standard-tuning, key-of-C songwriting with the unpretentious directness of his idols."
,63,"An overproduced, sapped-down album that sounds really nice but fails to stick."
,60,"The risky juxtapositions that mark his best work are critically missing. [#224, p.51]"
,40,"The most disappointing aspect of this record is that Beck has fallen into the trap of confusing earnestly repeated clichs for personal lyrics."
,40,"This is pretty gloomy going, not rendered much easier by the lugubrious baritone in which Beck delivers his emotional autopsies, or the vague, amorphous melodies. [Nov 2002, p.116]"
,40,"Beck desperately aims for Johnny Cash's funereal blues, but the unremitting bleakness of Sea Change more closely resembles alternative rock's limpid whine."

,91,"Those who value the emotional nakedness of his best work will find much to treasure here. [27 Sep 2002, p.86]"
,90,"Full of the obscure and deranged moods that made Security alternately delightful and demented, this album revels in craggy vocals, thumping beats, esoteric instrumental sounds and a general feeling of beautiful dread."
,80,"A sometimes disturbing, but often breathtakingly lovely record. [Oct 2002, p.98]"
,80,"After a couple of plays, you're struck by Up's sonic cleverness. Three or four listens and the lyrical complexity begins to bite. Finally, and insidiously, after perhaps six or seven plays, the melodies bury themselves in your head. [Oct 2002, p.112]"
,80,"Gabriel's greatest achievement is that his technical sophistication actually encourages a fully organic and man-made sound."
,80,"The veteran artiste holds his ground on a collection that is sure to earn him the respect of not only his old fans but a new generation of listeners raised on sonic provocateurs like Beck, Nine Inch Nails, and Moby."
,80,"Gabriel is mesmerising, his plaintive rasp never more gorgeous. [Oct 2002, p.107]"
,78,"While Up isn't stylistically different from his canon, it proves that Peter Gabriel is back in the big time."
,72,"The first five tracks here are on par with anything you loved about Us."
,70,"It's not likely that Up will have the same kind of cultural significance as a milestone like So, but there is no way that fans can write Up off as a disappointment, either."
,70,"For the most part, it's a bleak, deliberate, decidedly mature meditation on death and grief."
,70,"It's challenging stuff, and often brilliant, but it's sometimes hard to tell whether Gabriel has deliberately abandoned songcraft or just forgotten how to do it."
,67,"This is an eerie meditation on aging, death and the corruption of popular culture."
,60,"Despite Gabriel's performances, there are no hits here. [#10, p.117]"
,60,"Perhaps appropriately, Up sounds like an album that was ten years in the making, revealing not just its pleasures but its intent very, very slowly."
,40,"Long one of rock's most innovative artists, Gabriel has never sounded more out of touch."

,90,"Sung with the versatile confidence of a star, and impeccably assisted by ace producer Jon Brion, The Instigator's songs feel instantly familiar in the best way possible."
,90,"Offers 12 diamonds that aren't quite total pop or total rock--but fall in a wonderful zone somewhere in between."
,90,"One of the year's best pop albums."
,80,"Miller explores his usual subjects -- getting out of places and into relationships -- with more unusual touches."
,80,"Miller ups the melodic ante, staking his claim to becoming his generation's answer to Nick Lowe or Marshall Crenshaw. [#10, p.123]"
,75,"Though much of Instigator is merely pleasant, its fantastic first five cuts have the feel of the most happily heartbroken radio station on earth."
,70,"Any imperfections Miller has on this album were already there in Old 97's and shouldn't deter fans. The chances he takes are slight but bold -- a little more sincerity, a little more musically risky."
,70,"The songwriting is self-assured and thoughtful; the album is unified as a pastiche of romantic musings."
,69,"Miller offers more than enough quality material here to justify stepping out on his own: what he's occasionally lacking in energy, he largely makes up for with craft.... That said, it's unlikely to instigate much beyond some afternoon head-nodding, and even some of Miller's fans will be somewhat put off by the album's borderline MOR sound."
,67,"Fans of the Old 97's most recent work will surely snap The Instigator up with glee; in fact, anyone who likes their guitar pop sprinkled with a little angst will be pleased with what Rhett Miller has come up with on his own."
,60,"Hearing Miller's unmistakable singing and songwriting style without Murry Hammond's backing vocals and the rest of the 97's chunky country-rock-pop behind him seems a little less than it could be."
,60,"These tracks lack the magnetism of Miller's material with the band."
,40,"Too self-consciously crafted for its own good."
,30,"Shallow and superficial. [#56, p.101]"

,80,"Frontman David Draiman shows that he is an ample singer, refraining from the quirky vocal squallings that graced Sickness for a more straight-ahead croon."
,80,"Comes with the same muscular, confrontational power that made The Sickness so infectiously exciting, but twists things just enough to make the second time sounds as fresh as the first."
,80,"On Believe, Disturbed takes the sort of jump that their heroes in Soundgarden and Pantera made after their respective breakthrough records."
,80,"One of the best hard rock albums of 2002."
,67,"The problem is that singer David Draiman is more from the Chester Bennington school of overemoting than the James Hetfield college of thoughtful growls."
,60,"It improves on the debut, slightly. [#10, p.114]"
,60,"At last, new metal has its answer to Depeche Mode's Black Celebration."
,40,"Their shift towards a more traditional heavy metal aesthetic seems more a natural progression than an act of desperation. [Nov 2002, p.100]"
,40,"Believe sounds so dry and crisp it could have been recorded on a Dell laptop. [Oct 2002, p.113]"

,80,"A brazen, heartwarming, classic '70s bardic rock album, spirited enough to compete with and instruct the Ashcrofts and Gallaghers."
,69,"Sadly, theres no escaping the fact that Squires solo debut is a one-paced, uni-directional affair."
,60,"He still fires the occasional lyrical blank and his guitar playing has less of the sparks of the past, instead settling into a role complementing the songs rather than dominating them."
,60,"This bloody enormous rock demeanour means Stone Roses fans may not be amused. [Oct 2002, p.96]"
,40,"If you can get over the voice--and it is not a lovely thing--Time Changes Everything at least has curiosity value. [Oct 2002, p.104]"
,20,"Squire's voice is awful, while his music and lyrics are those of a busker. [Nov 2002, p.113]"
,20,"If this was the work of a new artist it's debatable whether it would even have seen the light of day, and it's certainly unlikely we'd've felt the need to even comment on it."

,80,"'The Joy of Sing-Sing' is an aptly-titled delight aimed straight at alt-pop partisans."
,80,"Underneath all those shiny, shiny flourishes and moddish overtones, though, is some seriously smart, witty music, for the most part."
,80,"A perfect overview for new initiates and packs plenty of surprises for hardcore fans."
,80,"O'Neill's voice is so perfectly suited to the material that you can hear single spour forth like rain. [#56, p.109]"
,74,"Could easily have been the dullest, nicely produced thing in the world, if not for the fact that the songs are remarkably good."
,70,"The Joy of Sing-Sing is a divine first album -- fans will undoubtedly be delighted."
,70,"The Joy of Sing-Sing isn't deep music, and can start to sound awfully flighty during its 53-minute duration, but it's not entirely lightweight either."
,60,"The CD's air of politeness pushes this pleasant pop music into the background. [Oct 2002, p.92]"
,60,"A vibrant, classy debut. [#10, p.126]"

,100,"The year's best hard-rock album. [6 Sep 2002, p.86]"
,100,"This is one of the most accomplished, powerful, and entertaining hard rock albums ever made."
,100,"[A] breathtaking, virtually flawless album. [Sep 2002, p.104]"
,100,"Say hello to your new metal gods."
,93,"Queens Of The Stone Age are the greatest heavy rock band on the face of the planet and soon everyone will know it."
,90,"'The Sky Is Fallin' is a beast.... 'God Is In The Radio' has got just such an awesome riff, like the Lord himself hotwired to a Marshall amp."
,90,"The bottom line is that QOTSA turns in another genre-demolishing, hard-as-titanium album in Songs for the Deaf. This is not your father's metal. It's better."
,90,"Whether or not Songs for the Deaf manages to break through to the ever-fickle TRL crowd remains to be seen; those people with the patience to sit through this remarkable album a few times, though, will know the score."
,90,"The playing is imaginative, the ideas vibrant and shimmering and the band's considerable melodic gifts sabotaged by either willfully obtuse compositional tricks or outright punk bratiness. [#55, p.84]"
,90,"An album that, for all of its flaws, is still easily one of the best rock records of 2002."
,90,"Their world - sexual, drug-filled, and occasionally paranoid - has become progressively darker, and as such we find them nothing less than guardians of the rock flame."
,90,"Musically and vocally, the band sounds tighter and more accomplished than ever."
,90,"One of the heaviest rock albums since Seattle's heyday."
,80,"While cliches abound... this huge music is delivered with panache. [#9, p.154]"
,80,"'Songs For The Deaf' is a triumph, a record forged with fire and sweat in the pits of Valhalla... It is the very essence of Rock."
,80,"All the elements which made its predecessor so great are here, but in excelsis, and occasionally excess. [Sep 2002, p.95]"
,80,"Mixes melancholy and might to a rare degree. [Sep 2002, p.104]"
,80,"All in all, this album has everything any hard rock fan would enjoy."
,79,"When these guys are on, it truly is the wrath of the righteous. However, Songs for the Deaf vacillates constantly between soaring heights and mind-numbing lows, making for a true hit-or-miss affair."
,78,"The real feel good 'hit' of the summer."
,70,"A balls-out, hateful, heavy, and catchy piece of work that rocks like it was 1994 all over again."
,60,"Whether the ace metal is speedy or onerous (or both, as in the case of 'Six Shooter,' with its shrieking insanity), it is always deployed in the service of the eccentric song structures, and every track becomes a splendid, mysterious thing."
,60,"[The opening] quartet of tunes blows the band's wad, leaving the rest of the album scattered with only moderately cool mid- tempo metal, all of it delivered with gusto but not enough serious hooks to make anything stand out."

,100,"Displaying a cohesion rarely heard in albums these days, ''A Rush of Blood'' bobs from one majestic little high to another."
,100,"Fierce and noble and fragile and genuinely moving, 'A Rush Of Blood To The Head' is a lovely furnace of searing goodness made by some wonderful contradictory bastards."
,100,"There's nothing quite like the sound of a band at the top of its game."
,100,"May well come to be regarded as the best British rock album since OK Computer. [Sep 2002, p.118]"
,90,"A very tastefully crafted, tuneful, and affecting piece of work with a band that is still just beginning to tap its enormous potential."
,90,"The key to 'A Rush Of Blood To The Head' is to be found not in Martin's presence, but in the intensity, dynamism, verve and style that Coldplay have now nailed, when comparisons to Radiohead, Echo and The Bunnymen and, perhaps most pertinently, U2's 'Unforgettable Fire', manifest themselves in a series of killer strides."
,90,"It recalls U2's The Joshua Tree, and not just for its stunning guitar work but for its wild passion and spiraling tension-and-release dynamics."
,90,"Parachutes was impressive, but Coldplay's new album, A Rush of Blood to the Head, is stunning, the amount of growth from Album One to Album Two equally so."
,90,"It's an album of outstanding natural beauty, an organic, wholesome work."
,90,"A stronger, more distinctive album than its predecessor in nearly every respect."
,80,"The sound is simultaneously terse and expansive--moody and powerful, shot through with singer Chris Martin's grainy delivery. [#9, p.145]"
,80,"With A Rush of Blood, Coldplay do more than fulfill the promise of 'Yellow' -- they surpass everything they've done up to this point, making first-rate guitar rock with some real emotional protein on its bones."
,80,"A Rush of Blood to the Head might not instantly grab listeners, but it's not tailored that way. It pushes you to look beyond dreamy vocals for a musical inner core."
,80,"Dressed up in subtle strings and pianos, and given time to slowly breathe and develop beyond simple pop, A Rush Of Blood's 11 graceful tracks sparkle and swirl, occasionally escalating into a booming crescendo before dissolving back into delicacy."
,80,"A collection of vastly moving songs that will render stadiums as intimate as bedrooms. U2, Radiohead... Coldplay? It would seem so. [Sep 2002, p.98]"
,80,"The sound is fuller, the arrangements more complex; most importantly, the songs are just a whole lot better [than Parachutes']."
,78,"If you're presently in love, A Rush of Blood ... will make you want to frolic like Lily Tomlin with the cartoon animals in 9 to 5. Otherwise, it'll probably make you want to puke."
,70,"Coldplay's new record is a little edgier, trancier, and more conversational than their last. It is called A Rush of Blood to the Head, and in waves and swells of major tunes and frisky then looping time signatures, that's just about the effect it has."
,70,"A guitar record equally suitable for a lost weekend or a good cry. [Sep 2002, p.125]"
,70,"A patchwork quilt of wispy Britpop ballads soaring majestically in an effort to overcome their own blandness. [Oct 2002, p.78]"
,60,"Without the emotional resonance of Martin's voice at its most free, Coldplay's brilliantly minimal musical foundation has nothing to support. So it falters."
,60,"The line between hypnotic and tediously repetitive is occasionally crossed. [Sep 2002, p.94]"
,51,"But while the sound of this album is more expansive, the influences a bit less obvious, and the approach more varied, the guys forgot to tote along their initial strength: the songs."
,30,"The most disappointingly safe alternative album of the year."
,20,"It's Coldplay's lack of humor, the very straightness of its lyrics, that makes the dourness so detestable. And where miserabilists past had a strong pop sensibility, Coldplay is content to create directionless palettes of sound."

,90,"30 Seconds to Mars has managed to record an album that breathes life into the empty shell that corporate rock has become, and in reanimating an avenue of musical expression that has for many years been on its deathbed, has quite possibly offered the single best rock experience of 2002."
,75,"Leto sounds more like Tool/A Perfect Circle frontman Maynard James Keenan than a member of the Screen Actors Guild--even if his lyrics are kind of space-case lame."
,60,"30STM manage a high-minded space opera of epic scope befitting prog-rock prototypes Rush. [#9, p.142]"
,40,"The album has a polished sheen, but Leto's delivery of his earnest, sci-fi-tinged lyrics gets monotonous over the course of the album. [Dec 2002, p.96]"
,40,"The album is undone by Leto's baffling, pretentious poetry and the sanitized quality of the heavy guitars."

,90,"Gorgeously produced, beautifully instrumentated and infused with assurance and purpose, album number four by Australia's wonderkids is simply excellent."
,80,"With years of added wisdom and maturity, Silverchair has learned how to do much more."
,80,"Mostly this is a wonderful surprise from a band thought to have been finished in the late '90s."
,75,"A few Sabbath-y moments aside, a majority of the disc finds frontman Daniel Johns singing more than screaming, much to the delight of those who may have worried these guys would give up on new things."
,70,"Johns has finally learned how to cull from his influences without plagiarising them. [Sep 2002, p.95]"
,60,"[Daniel] Johns' much-improved vocals and flair for the theatrical complement his new, more inventive guitar style."
,60,"Features a few ropey grunge numbers. [Aug 2002, p.133]"
,60,"A growth statement even diehard fans of its debut couldn't have expected. [#8, p.122]"
,50,"Bloated over-produced soft rock."

,90,"One of the year's best."
,90,"A magnum opus four years in the making, We Love Life is, like This Is Hardcore's epic cold sweat, a disco-nnection record, well stocked with mis-shapes, mistakes, misfits. But Pulp's glamorama has never tingled so invitingly, thanks to the full-body massage administered by producer Scott Walker."
,90,"An emotional and musical breakthrough."
,90,"Preposterous and sensational, We Love Life grapples with nothing less than how best to prove you're alive. [Oct 2002, p.116]"
,90,"Weeds, an excellent tune which compares the English working class to this type of plants, is only one of the various epic, melodramatic tunes in the key of Scott Walker (who produced the record) present here that use elements of nature to symbolise aspects of modern society and the human condition itself."
,90,"His most winsomely loveless lyrics yet. [Oct 2002, p.92]"
,82,"Pulp have pulled off yet another remarkable reinvention of their sound and outlook, while simultaneously making their most organic album since their full-length debut, It, was released almost two decades ago."
,80,"Its surging orchestrations and and acoustic subtelties seem willfully out of step with current trends, taking time to reveal their unique, and very British, charms."
,80,"We Love Life trades Pulp's characteristic risk-taking for smooth accessibility, which works a gray, rainy day magic over the proceedings."
,80,"An album as life-affirming as its predecessor was bleak."
,80,"At its best, 'We Love Life' features some of the finest British rock music of recent years."
,80,"We Love Life is an album that trades the group's tongue-in-cheek gimmicks and satirical savvy for a mode of pensive moderation and subtle telling."
,80,"Cocker's treasurable wit and the band's seventh album have taken a corporation bus ride out for strange, poetic interludes among the trees and the undergrowth."
,80,"The instant pop buzz Pulp have concocted in the past is largely missing, but each listen reveals another layer, another level, another reason to love it. Highly recommended."
,80,"The band strikes the proper balance between ambition and pop instinct."
,80,"Musically, it's the richest record of Pulp's career.... We Love Life isn't perfect, but it is vital. [Nov 2001, p.96]"
,75,"Invitingly lush. [23 Aug 2002, p.142]"
,70,"What saves this record from being another wallow in the misery of post-fame existence is the music.... 'We Love Life' is a grandiose, symphonic affair buoyed by succinct orchestration and white-light choral interludes."
,60,"It's painstakingly layered and often lush, but sometimes scrubby and miserably sparse."
,60,"Both messy and marvelous."

,80,"The collection not only shows the unexpected range of Gano's songwriting ability, but leaves you humming and wanting more. [Oct 2002, p.104]"
,70,"Writing for others showcases Gano's versatility."
,70,"Nothing matches the artists' very best work--but, excepting a ghastly appearance by Linda Perry, it's still mostly fun."
,60,"A brisk, varied and entertaining little package. [Oct 2002, p.126]"
,60,"Like most homage platters, the affair is only as strong as its weakest moments. [Nov 2002, p.113]"
,60,"Hitting the Ground is flat-out clever, cool, and cocky."
,49,"None of these tracks are all that interesting beyond a listen or two-- even the best ones get tired fast."
,40,"His choked yelp and hootenanny backing suggest fun should be had. It isn't. [#10, p.116]"

,83,"Through it all they keep it both consistent (without being same-y) and experimental (without being disorienting)."
,80,"Interestingly enough, the group manages to pull most of it off, but not without some stops into new-age and downright silly territory."
,80,"It's jaw-dropping, certainly, and what's more, it actually works."
,80,"Sweepingly beauteous and mesmerizingly rhythmic, The Isness offers pleasures equally suited to explorers of dancefloors or headphones."
,80,"FSOL fans may not be impressed. But for connoiseurs of sprawling, loony progtronica, this other-worldly masterpiece is so far out you need a telescope to see it."
,70,"A big, bold, brazen statement, epic in places, charmingly flawed in others. [Sep 2002, p.110]"
,70,"What continually redeems this acid flashback to a more well-meaning era is its endlessly metamorphosing soundscape, its kaleidoscope washes of virtual psychedelia. [Oct 2002, p.101]"
,60,"This is a fascinating record that doesn't quite work in all places and, in others, seems to work all too well, and maybe too well for their own good."
,60,"Its simple structures create memorable and identifiable songs. [Sep 2002, p.76]"
,40,"It's the songs which seal The Isness's fate. [Sep 2002, p.100]"
,40,"It's ironic that 30 years later, a record like this could make psychedelia seem as curmudgeonly as rock & roll seemed then."
,30,"Once you're name-checking Supertramp and ELO as major influences, it's pretty much over. [Aug 2002, p.114]"


,100,"Nearly every song here can be called seminal without the slightest flinch. [Oct 2002, p.102]"
,100,"This is a sheer visceral delight. [May 2002, p.124]"
,100,"Any collection that encompasses A Guy Called Gerald's peerless dance anthem 'Voodoo Ray' and Joy Division's exquisite 'Atmosphere' is 'double double good,' as the Happy Mondays' drug-addled singer Shaun Ryder used to quip. [#9, p.158]"
,83,"Nostalgic without sounding outdated, it's one bash worth revisiting."
,80,"The collection is both definitive and diverse."
,80,"The album's sole fault (if you can call it that) is a tendency to stick with sure-fire classics. [Aug 2002, p.78]"
,80,"A feast of post-punk and seminal house."
,80,"Fact is, if you know enough about Joy Division, New Order and Happy Mondays to want to watch the movie, you probably own everything on this record already."
,80,"If you're really into British dance music, you might actually own most of this album already, in which case you probably don't need it."
,80,"Genre-wise, it's a schizophrenic shambles, yet somehow it all hangs together wonderfully as a solid, satisfying album."
,70,"Will prove a delight to punters pursuing a Best Madchester Compilation Ever! as long as they forget The Stone Roses ever existed, and assume Morrissey came from another planet. [May 2002, p.116]"
,70,"Better to track down this decade's insane explosion of tangents individually than to be given a brief summary by a hit-or-miss marketing device."
,60,"It works well as a very basic introduction to Factory's better-known groups: Joy Division, New Order, Happy Mondays."

,80,"It almost sounds like Pirner is born again, and as anyone who's heard some of Soul Asylum's earlier records -- especially Hangtime and And The Horse They Rode In On -- knows, that's a good thing."
,80,"While Faces & Names lacks the same physical power as Soul Asylum's best work, the best songs here manage to sound comfortable, magnetic, and passionate all at once."
,60,"The nuanced approach of the friends and session men who back him suits the more nuanced lyrics."
,60,"Faces and Names' new sonic explorations are a welcome change from the early '90s alt-rock sound Soul Asylum had bludgeoned into the ground, though the lyrics here don't approach Pirner's best."
,40,"The parade of midtempo soul-pop snoozers and funk-lite fluff is no more memorable than Soul Asylum's last record. Which is to say, not very. [#9, p.153]"

,90,"Daybreaker bears all the strengths and beauty of the earlier Orton CDs, but it also shows some growth."
,83,"It's a downer, sure, but if you've got the patience, this disc's subtle meditations have a way of working themselves into your heart."
,80,"Orton has a flair for penning languid, spacious songs whose forlorn characters seem as adrift as the music's fleeting acoustic guitar chords and absentminded piano tinkles."
,80,"Yeah, shes sticking with the formula that got her going six years ago, but when it actually works, why bother messing with it?"
,80,"Daybreaker is Orton's ultimate heartstring-pulling concoction. [Jul 2002, p.80]"
,80,"This is her best to date, but she'll be better yet. [Sep 2002, p.102]"
,80,"Daybreaker, though neither as arresting as her debut nor as cohesive as its follow-up, almost corrects the inconsistency issue. [#55, p.86]"
,80,"The immaculately chiselled 'Daybreaker' is so beautiful and distant that it almost isn't there at all."
,80,"Daybreaker's more conventional nature puts a greater and more intriguing challenge on Orton's vocal cords to be the album's main instrument; that voice, a breathless cry that falls somewhere between Natalie Merchant and Bjork, is more than equal to the task."
,80,"Orton delivers some gooey pop complete with sticky tunes and honey-dipped ear candy - yet it's heavy, disturbing, recondite."
,70,"Listen beyond the surface and you'll hear an old school folkie who could just as easily curl up with her acoustic guitar and sing you to heavenly sleep."
,70,"Daybreaker is no less gripping for its optimism. [Sep 2002, p.250]"
,70,"Like Trailer Park, her first full-length, the new Daybreaker is less about melody and being lovely than about instrumentation and experimentation with the elements--electronic, acoustic, and lyrical."
,67,"This time, the arrangements that envelop Orton's ruminations on various ill-suited partners are too hazy and languid."
,60,"The production smudges the songs into fuzzy watercolors, and Orton's twangy burr can't always cut through. [Sep 2002, p.128]"
,60,"At their best, Orton's songs do achieve what Daybreaker sets out to achieve--a sense of watching the dawn rise, all hyper and half awake from having been up all night arguing, making love or simply conversing intensely. [Sep 2002, p.108]"
,60,"Although it's perhaps her most consistent and mature work to date, it's also her least engaging, never matching the dizzying heights of her previous efforts even as it consciously avoids past pitfalls."
,60,"About half of the album plods through bland, wispy material that gasps for hooks to latch onto and gives Orton too much room to show off her limited vocal range."
,50,"Some of the songs here are forgettable in the extreme."
,48,"What truly separates Daybreaker from other Orton efforts is its lack of emotional resonance-- moments where Beth just belts it out or where she actually seems engaged with the songs she's singing."
,40,"Tortoise-pace strumming and a crippling shortage of choruses produce only torpor. [Aug 2002, p.131]"
,40,"Orton seems to be embracing the humdrum, schlocky sound of New Age crooners and adult contemporary mush like Dido."

,83,"The music is more honed than ever. [9 Aug 2002, p.74]"
,80,"The only misstep is in the pacing."
,75,"The mellow moments define this album with 'The Missing,' 'The Only Way (Is the Wrong Way)' and the contemplative 'God Damn Me' being the main reasons to stick it out with these dudes."
,70,"This time, the heartfelt stuff sounds more sugary than before, while the hate vibes sound even more caustic. [Sep 2002, p.73]"
,60,"A robust blend of anthemic choruses and electro-tinged riffing, it will appeal to fans of Depeche Mode and Metallica alike. [July 2002, p.112]"
,60,"Patrick and cohorts haven't left behind big, dumb obviousness. Thrashy, trashy tracks such as 'Columind' still weigh the album down with anonymous groans and heard-'em-before riffs."
,60,"Filter adhere to the blueprint laid down by the breakthrough power ballad 'Take a Picture'... with such anguished arena sing-alongs as 'The Missing' and 'The Only Way Is the Wrong Way.' [#9, p.146]"
,60,"The Best tracks sweep ringing, acoustic-guitar verses into anthemic power-chord choruses. [Sep 2002, p.134]"

,80,"A freakazoid musical pastiche. [Oct 2002, p.83]"
,70,"Ultimately, the set is a little schizo, but it channels enough rap-rock frisson to make it more than just a between-albums snack. [Sep 2002, p.128]"
,70,"As on Hybrid Theory, there's a definite formula at work in all 19 songs, but it's flawless and effective."
,70,"Reanimation's cross-pollination of high-level lyricism, trunk-rattling beats, heavy-metal riffs, and hard-core vocals makes for a rousing listening experience. [Sep 2002, p.244]"
,67,"On the one hand, the results are more varied than the monochromatic ''Hybrid Theory.'' On the other hand, the remixes at times obliterate one of the band's most distinctive characteristics -- the vocal interplay between singer Chester Bennington and MC Mike Shinoda, a blend that allows their pop tendencies to poke through from time to time."
,60,"The music isn't exactly groundbreaking, and none of the remixes improve on the Hybrid Theory originals, but the boyish energy of Reanimation has its own appeal, and it's not too far emotionally from the tried-so-hard spirit of 'In the End.'"
,60,"The remixes are extremely liberal, cutting and pasting with little regard for the originals in question."
,60,"When it works, the results are astounding."
,60,"Linkin gain from their hip-hop daring, and the dance domos get to wedge a foot in the crossover door. [#9, p.151]"
,60,"Why didn't they travel this far out of the box initially?"
,60,"Some of this works quite well, some of it is kind of juvenile, much of it is only slightly recognizable from the original, it's too long and compared to contemporary arty rock, it really isn't that arty."
,40,"Almost every track here pales in comparison to the original version. [Sep 2002, p.109]"
,30,"The dominant sound is of flickering sequencers and heavy-handed synth-pomp which showcases Linkin Park's keen interest in the work of Depeche Mode, but also often leaves them sounding about as cutting-edge and dangerous as Jesus Jones."
,25,"Chester Bennington's anguished man-child howling is largely left on the shelf, as are the thrusting hooks that were Linkin Park's big draw."

,70,"Its tight-as-a-drum musicianship and the sense of threadbare vulnerability resonating in singer-guitarist Kevin Palmer's songs elevate the band above the ever-expanding pack of like-minded acts."
,60,"Successful imitation requires a kind of talent, too. [#9, p.156]"
,60,"Despite the simplistic formulas present here, these young men have patched together a sound that is catchy and eager for additional spins."
,60,"The singing's understatement and harmonic sophistication help the band transcend overblown corporate rock and embrace sensitive emo pop."
,50,"It's a solid formula--trouble is, anything resembling emotional complexity gets blasted away by the heavy-metal howitzer of Don Gilmore's production. [Oct 2002, p.117]"
,50,"While the band's wounded vulnerability and breathy melodrama will probably imitate enough to sell well, this is predictable second-rate stuff."

,91,"These are just good tunes, no matter what the window dressing is."
,91,"This is such a fascinatingly different take on (mostly) the same material that it almost whets your appetite for a third rendering."
,90,"Remarkably, these songs not only retain their emotional core even after they've been cleaned up, but they perhaps even gain more resonance in this setting."
,90,"A masterwork filled with heavy violins, silky woodwinds, a driving soprano sax, a haunting bass guitar, and expert melding of jazz and rock, with Latin beats and bluesy overtones."
,80,"As cohesive and potent as Everyday or anything else in the DMB's catalog"
,80,"Busted Stuff is marked by luxuriously long tracks that maximize the skills of the band."
,70,"Busted Stuff does strip away some of the Lillywhite mystique, dropping the exaggerated faade of 'lost classic' status, but it further illustrates that Matthews' discards are often more compelling than his hits."
,70,"The best album of Dave Matthews' career--the most coherent and graceful, the least wanky and aw-shucks messianic. [Aug 2002, p.107]"
,60,"The band still tends to overplay: Its fussiness undercuts the strongest of the new tracks, 'You Never Know,' even as the singer reaches for some falsetto salvation."
,60,"The Lillywhite songs are mostly improved here. [#8, p.119]"
,60,"Though this is a return to Matthews's more meandering ways, some lessons about conciseness have plainly been learned. [Nov 2002, p.108]"

,90,"Theyre a shaggy-haired, surfs up pop band and painfully vulnerable all at the same time."
,83,"43 minutes of thrills."
,80,"The Australian quartet's debut album justifies the fuss that followed its title track's bubblegum approximation of Nirvana. [July 2002, p.121]"
,80,"If you're this good, it's not hype. [#8, p.126]"
,80,"It's rare for a band to channel the Velvet Underground, Nirvana, Dandy Warhols and the Beatles within the span of 45 minutes and sound unique, but the Vines have crept into that select category with Highly Evolved. [Aug 2002, p.86]"
,80,"Unlike many other pop postmodernists, the Vines never sound weighed down by all the influences they include in their music -- it's as if they're so excited by everything they hear, they can't help but recombine it in unique ways."
,80,"As a debut album, 'Highly Evolved', for all its faults, can be an energising proposition."
,70,"A strange mix of songs that, while varied, doesn't boast much personality of its own."
,70,"For as good as the majority of the tunes here are, the grandiose scope of Highly Evolved turns out to be a bit more than the young quartet could chew."
,70,"The Vines' place in the rock gene pool is shaped by elements of controlled guitar thrash, often complex harmony, bubblegum psychedelia and polished piano-driven ballads with an early Seventies whiff. [Aug 2002, p.116]"
,60,"A promising first effort that suffers from retro fever."
,60,"OK, so it tails off towards the end, and there's something rather dishonest about a band so young releasing a track like '1969', but even then it's quite endearing to see them trying to build such an immediate mythology around themselves."
,60,"Highly Evolved is clunkiest on long, drawn-out stuff like 'Homesick' and 'Country Yard,' but singer Craig Nicholls has most of Kurt Cobain's shrieking mannerisms down, and, like most grunge, the band's simple three-chord rock is most exciting when played extremely fast."
,50,"The record's big-rock sound works against it, as does its back-and-forth swing from melodic Britpop to room-filling volume."
,50,"It's hard to figure out exactly why everybody is so excited about this record.... There is something there to like -- plenty, in fact. But it is also disjointed and sometimes maddening."
,41,"The Vines get credit for ambition, but Highly Evolved covers so much ground that none of it seems convincing: there's just no emotional depth here."
,30,"The album definitely has a few remarkable moments, but its really just not very good."
,30,"The Vines have trouble faking both the depth of feeling and the noisome mischief that good garage-punk requires, and the two rote Britpop numbers they tack on don't help."

,100,"Incredibly, 'Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots' is a record that can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with 'The Soft Bulletin', refining that album's themes and defiantly charging into unchartered musical territories. Another masterpiece."
,100,"Even by their standards, Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots is astonishing.... Plainly, this is music abnormally alive with possibilities.  [Album of the Month, Aug 2002, p.96]"
,100,"A perfect synthesis of modern studio manipulation and old-time pop craftsmanship, shattering all notions of what pop music can, or for that matter, should be."
,90,"The measured use of electronics recalls nothing so much as OK Computer, and in some ways Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots sounds like that album might have if Thom Yorke believed in God."
,90,"If Yoshimi.... lacks the sheer shock value of Bulletin's panoramic delirium, its peak moments are enough to make it one of 2002's most rewarding releases. [Album of the Month, Aug 2002, p.92]"
,90,"After fifteen years of continually blossoming brilliance, the Flaming Lips can count themselves among the most essential American bands in rock history."
,90,"Smartly packaged pop that's as slick as Stereolab, but human enough--thanks to Coyne's earnestness and sincerity--to malfunction in all the right places. [Sep 2002, p.77]"
,90,"Endlessly listenable and almost invariably mesmerizing, Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots piles on layers of production prowess without drowning out the beat of its human, humane heart."
,90,"Funny, beautiful, and moving, Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots finds the Flaming Lips continuing to grow and challenge themselves in not-so-obvious ways after delivering their obvious masterpiece."
,90,"'Yoshimi...' sets yet another benchmark."
,84,"Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots is a bold and inventive work, brimming with ideas and sublime moments of brilliance. But it's also unfocused and top-heavy."
,83,"Songs like 'Fight Test' and 'Do You Realize' have various tics--but they're so sweet-souled that such sins are easily forgiven. [19 July 2002, p.74]"
,80,"It almost seems like the Flaming Lips has regressed a little, structurally and rhythmically speaking."
,80,"Anyone else tries this, it'll be like being force-fed Sunny Delight by a battalion of pastel-pashmina'd Pokemon on My Little Ponies. In the hands of The Flaming Lips, with their stellar inventiveness and inquisitive sweetness, it's just utterly noble."
,80,"As strange as it is wonderful."
,80,"Yoshimi isn't the end-to-end triumph that was 1999's The Soft Bulletin.... But the production is equally ambitious, with burbling electrobeats underpinning sci-fi orchestrations that sound like the brainchild of Esquivel and the Orb."
,80,"The whole affair feels a little slighter, a little less important."
,80,"A gently involving and moving album, Yoshimi could be the negative image of Radiohead's Kid A: the sound of a rock band using electronica to make music that's inclusive and warm instead of icy and aloof. [#8, p.114]"
,80,"This is one of those exquisitely rare records on which maturity and vitality are equally matched. [Aug 2002, p.127]"
,75,"Simply the Flaming Lips doing what they do best, which is being beautifully weird and loving every minute of it."
,70,"The lyrics are often corny and thin."
,70,"Where The Soft Bulletin was an intricate assessment of rock's potential, Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots is merely a rough sketch of a new musical direction."
,70,"Granted, the Lips can still be innovative, but for perhaps the first time in their storied career, their creativity feels familiar and predictable."
,70,"While the group has done a great job of incorporating even more digital tricks and unique sounds into the mix, they've somehow managed to create a slightly more sterile environment."
,60,"Listening to Coyne retreat behind the faux-Power Rangers horror-movie shtick he's created here is puzzling and ultimately disappointing. [#55, p.73]"
,60,"While appreciating Yoshimi for its merits poses little problem, actually enjoying it is more difficult."
,40,"Yoshimi has its moments, but it sounds like leftover brilliance from its older, better brother, padded out with filler to make a new album."

,80,"[Morcheeba] return to what they do best. [July 2002, p.117]"
,80,"The band's best record in some time, and for anyone not a purist, it's possibly Morcheeba's best ever."
,80,"The entire album is a beauty.... The most adventurous album of their career. [Aug 2002, p.110]"
,80,"Overflows with a confidence not always present on past sets."
,70,"Some songs do morph into mere mood pieces... but Charango remains a fine return to form. [AUg 2002, p.80]"
,70,"The album finds footing in jazzy downbeat arrangements, and its hip-hop aftertaste gives Charango (and Morcheeba as an entity) a needed one-two punch."
,60,"Morcheeba make a lovely sound, but they seem to be broadcasting from a very bright and pretty hell."
,60,"Morcheeba's lightly shaken, hardly stirring sounds will doubtless satisfy fans, band and record company. [Aug 2002, p.104]"
,58,"Teeters between cool languor and bland lethargy. [6 Sep 2002, p.86]"
,40,"They still can't overcome their addiction to sugar. [#9, p.152]"
,36,"Charango reeks of Warner Brothers' attempt to find a viable audience for this waning band."
,10,"Its actually Dire Straits gone trip-hop and everyone involved... should be brutally beaten to death with a tray of Ferrero Rocher."

,80,"YYY cram their furious music full of twists and spasmic enthusiasm, filling every second with motion. [#8. p.127]"
,80,"Their sound is dirty and raw, sexy and wrong."
,80,"Yeah Yeah Yeahs cram more ideas and attitude into five songs than most bands express in an entire album."
,75,"Just when the bombast teases with sounding like nails on a chalkboard, the band turns things around to remain more cool than annoying."
,70,"This isn't a record, it's a portfolio: it's noisy but catchy, it lets them try out different styles, and it makes you give a good goddamn."
,70,"They're too smart to just be 'art punk,' so singer Karen O squeals like Kathleen Hanna and Barbara Mandrell because, well, she can."
,60,"The EP barely hints at how great the band has become in the past year, especially since the sound quality is roughly at a firing-a-BB-gun-into-a-garbage-can level."
,30,"Epitomizes everything bad about the already questionable garage rock revival."

,80,"Even when the songs aren't particularly gripping, the breezy hopelessness of the music makes you feel gloriously bad, self-pitying, and just plain worthless."
,70,"Subtle string and brass arrangements add to the brooding, stylish swing, evidence that some things never go out of fashion. [Sep 2002, p.97]"
,60,"What's missing on Sirena... is the fire or edginess of the work of [Scott] Walker, Pulp, or even Tindersticks."
,60,"On Sirena, Cousteau are in a class by themselves: Behind every lovely trumpet line lurks the ghost of 'Layla.'"
,60,"Like recent Tindersticks albums, these ballads need time and attention before sounding tailor-made for misery. [July 2002, p.103]"
,60,"Nothing here is revolutionary, although the quality of workmanship is undeniable. [July 2002, p.112]"

,90,"Hard Candy is the sound of a band at a creative and poetic summit."
,80,"Few bands can both rock and pine as well as Duritz and company."
,80,"Their best, most mature, and most vital effort to date."
,70,"Duritz isn't the soul singer he'd like to be."
,70,"Every one of these 15 songs is a perfectly-crafted masterclass in great American songwriting. [Aug 2002, p.99]"
,67,"Beneath the surface shimmer are 13 more doleful songs about the impossibility of Duritz's ever forging a lasting relationship. [12 July 2002, p.84]"
,67,"Too much of this mopey stuff can be Hard to take."
,60,"The material sinks or swims on the quality of [Duritz's] brooding. [#8, p.116]"
,60,"As always, the Crows are too indebted to the sounds of the past to truly signify in the present. [Aug 2002, p.114]"
,60,"This is a supremely confident, fastidiously arranged, masterfully played record with a slightly prefabricated feel."
,60,"Adam Duritz has vocal warmth and his band create all sorts of lush soundscapes, not a million miles away from a less jazzy Steely Dan. [July 2002, p.112]"
,50,"Mid-tempo rocker follows mid-tempo rocker without any change of pace to keep things interesting."
,50,"Hard Candys best moments... are fewer and further between than on previous albums."

,100,"A fantastic record, full of wonder. [Aug. 2002, p.118]"
,91,"A majority of By the Way features astoundingly wise steps in new, mature directions."
,90,"Daring and inventive, it takes the kind of stylistic chances and creative leaps that were once the property of the heavies of '60s rock and pop."
,90,"'By The Way' is pretty much 'Californication' part two with a deeper exploration of the nu melodic Peppers, a classic LA record that somehow combines the melodic rush of the Beach Boys and Mamas and Papas and hints at the dark underbelly of the city of angels just like Love did way back in the late sixties."
,90,"Certainly the most absorbing rock album of 2002, if not the best."
,89,"By the Way is orchestral, taunting, sinister, beatific, rousing, jocular, nervy, ethereal, and dare I say it, mature."
,80,"Overall, the album leans more toward the melodic end of their oeuvre, but they have grown into this kinder, gentler mode organically, progressively working toward this groove little by little, album by album."
,80,"A near-perfect balance of gutter grime and high-art aspiration, the Rick Rubin-produced By the Way continues the Peppers' slow-motion makeover."
,80,"Sonically, this is the most diverse and intriguing work of their careers.... A welcome surprise."
,80,"This is one beautiful record."
,75,"For every successful foray... there's a less satisfying track; the album is less focused and has a mushier center than ''Californication.''"
,70,"By The Way inevitably suffers for its familiarity: Had it followed 1995's so-so One Hot Minute instead of Californication, it would qualify as a revelation instead of a worthy retread."
,70,"Underpinned throughout by the kind of melancholic edge discovered on radio friendly ode to smack 'Under The Bridge', and punctuated by a spontaneous, back-to-basics feel, it's an album that sees the Chilis revitalised."
,70,"The strongest Chili's album since 1991's Blood Sugar Sex Magik."
,70,"By god is it ever long (it's 16 tracks), but on the whole it showcases enough of what makes the Chili Peppers a very good rock group  chief among these are John Frusciante's excellent, inventive guitar playing, and the fact that it is with tremendous conviction that Anthony Kiedis belts out even the most ridiculous words."
,67,"It's not enough for Anthony Keidis to get all mature--he's supposed to say something interesting about maturity. And he's never had thing one to say about anything else."
,60,"By The Way presents a band who have mellowed and matured with unusual benefits to their music. [Sep 2002, p.118]"
,60,"Essentially Californication 2, a reprise of their last album. [#9, p.142]"
,20,"Kiedis's lyrics are absolutely baffling."
,20,"By the Way is as enjoyable as being stuck in an elevator playing a Muzak version of 'Under the Bridge.'"
,10,"Spit-shine production, passionless instrumentation, (extremely) laid back grooves and laughably awful lyrics all conspire to do this once explosive band in."

,80,"It's fun, to be sure, especially for the fans who are the compilation's target audience, but everything here sounds like the classic definition of B-sides --  good and familiar, but not as good as what made the album."
,70,"One of the band's most colorful listens."
,70,"No acoustic stinkers. No Live And Unrehearsed At K-ROQ radio sessions. No ropy early demos. No remixes. Just Green Day, playing solid, dependable, familiar idiot-savant punk-rock."
,40,"A great deal, unfortunately, fall into chugga-lugga tedium. [#9, p.148]"
,40,"A compilation that never quite jells."

,80,"Sounds like a band back on track. [#8, p.120]"
,80,"Oasis can't help but sound like a group battling to free themselves from being last century's thing."
,80,"Oasis is back, and in top form."
,80,"Heathen Chemistry finds the quintet back in cracking mid-'90s form."
,75,"Pretty much the same Beatles-esque pub-rock with Middle Eastern punches you'd expect--though with more shared singing and songwriting duties than past outings have had."
,70,"Heathen Chemistry gets back to what Oasis do well."
,70,"While the electronic flourishes and arrogant bombast that respectively marred the band's last two efforts are thankfully gone, there's nothing on Heathen Chemistry to suggest that the 'Wonderwall' commercial glory days of the mid-'90s are coming back."
,70,"Essentially, Oasis have tentatively begun to master the art of becoming veterans: writing songs that reflect their circumstances and not a mythical image of what they once were; songs that suggest there's life in the old beast yet."
,67,"A step up from the previous two tossers. [12 July 2002, p.84]"
,60,"Those who are already fond of the band, and who go into Chemistry with a proper sense of lowered expectations, should leave entertained."
,60,"It's hard not to find this album kind of disappointing, a confirmation that no matter what they do, Oasis Mach II will never have the sheer abandon or thrill as Definitely Maybe through Morning Glory."
,60,"As on the last few Oasis outings, particularly the arrogant Standing on the Shoulder of Giants, from 2000, Noel's nerdy-architect tendencies are counterbalanced by the bratty and hedonistic snarl of his brother Liam."
,60,"Crackles with anger, energy, and defiance. [Aug 2002, p.156]"
,50,"There's got to be something better, man. [July 2002, p.94]"
,50,"The new material, with some exceptions, lacks spark and flair, having a sense of anti-climax about it. [Aug 2002, p.106]"
,40,"Noel Gallagher's songwriting is more derivative than ever. [Aug 2002, p.78]"
,40,"The good news is that they haven't completely lost their nerve; they still play their bombastic brat-rock like it's the apotheosis of Western pop culture. Sadly, this is also the bad news. [Aug 2002, p.113]"
,40,"Any good news  Liams decent fist of songwriting, the less oppressive sound, the professional playing  is rendered largely irrelevant by the gaping chasm where more decent songs should be."
,40,"That the band that churned out some of the best records ever made in a phenomenal two-year creative splurge should be reduced to anything as pubby as this is nothing short of tragic."
,30,"Psychedelia is really only compelling when ego takes a backseat to kaleidoscopic music, and the Gallaghers are, of course, incapable of such a gesture."
,30,"Nowadays, the Gallaghers can only offer stylized guitar murk and hookless acoustic ditties; even scarier, you can understand their lyrics, which are more mush-headed and lovey-dovey than you'd expect from a band this self-satisfied."
,12,"Heathen Chemistry also takes the time to cop riffs and progressions from previous Oasis hits."

,80,"Gedge seems oblivious to the fact that all the gushing critics and cliquey consumers are crowding the 60s, 70s, and 80s lounges, leaving him to hog the stage in the remember-the-90s room."
,80,"A delightful listen. [Oct 2002, p.79]"
,80,"While Torino is most definitely not a Wedding Present album by any stretch of the imagination, it should win back some of the die-hard older fans that may have boycotted Cinerama at the onset."
,80,"Instrumentally, Torino strays little from previous Cinerama releases.... But lyrically, Gedge... [has] developed a gritter, nastier edge. [#55, p.72]"
,80,"In Wedding Present terms, Torino is Cinerama's Seamonsters. [Aug 2002, p.99]"
,70,"It's a bedlam of romance, a tender look back at first relationships and sexual romps, but with a bit of a smirk."
,70,"Gedge is incredibly adept at conjuring oceanic emotions and huge situations out of minute details."
,60,"The chaff-to-wheat ratio remains distressingly unbalanced on Torino."
,60,"For the most part, this is more of the same, which disciples will have no qualms about."

,83,"It's a still-thrilling combo, even if these new songs lack the tuneful pop smarts that made Pink Flag tracks like 'Field Day for the Sundays' classics. [Review of EPs 01 and 02, 21 Oct 2002]"
,80,"Read & Burn is still Wire, and without even retreading the past."
,80,"25 years down the line, Wire are still pulling off coups as daring and deadly as This Heat's debut. [#224, p.73]"
,80,"It's a dense, matte-black monoblock of furious sonic energy -- ultra-compressed riffs, barely controlled bursts of feedback, and lyrics more urgent and angry than anything Wire have done in the last twenty-odd years."
,80,"Glorious, distorted drill-press guitar riffs. [#13, p.103]"
,80,"It's hard to imagine a more perfectly realised Wire artefact. [Sep 2002, p.95]"
,80,"In this slim volume of three-chord thrashing  there's proof that while punk may reside in middle age, in some quarters its vital signs have never shown more strongly."
,80,"On the vintage foundation of simple, minimal patterns repeated to often-hypnotic effect, Wire builds a beefed-up, contemporary wall of sound."
,75,"Every song is a savage burst of raw anger, taking Pink Flags sarcastic punk and updating it for the new millennium with cleaner production and even more minimalist arrangements."
,70,"This short EP clearly isn't up to the muster of classic 70s Wire."
,60,"After just six songs and 17 minutes, the future is sounding admirably open-ended. [Oct 2002, p.118]"
,60,"An unusually exciting attempt to revitalise past glories. [Oct 2002, p.111]"

,91,"Sonic Youth find a balance--between formlessness and structure, melody and cacophony--that's eluded them for a while. [28 Jun 2002, p.142]"
,90,"Murray Street is Sonic Youth's first successful convergence of envelope-pushing guitarwork and accessible songery since 1988."
,90,"Sonic Youth have made a joyful return to their No Wave hardcore rock roots with a vibrating set of muscular songs which glide effortlessly from Gooey power pop to full on guitarmageddon meltdown, skulled out psychedelia and beyond. [#220, p.53]"
,90,"There is just enough balance between the tune, and the unexpected jazz chords, ear-splitting squeals, and lovely harmonic noises to make it forever listenable."
,80,"This time around, the band square their artier tendencies with their sweet tooth for classic psych-rock. [Aug 2002, p.110]"
,80,"An essay in coolly assured, sophisticated leftfield rock, occasionally laden with trademark discordance yet also full of scintillating tunes. [June 2002, p.123]"
,80,"Murray Street contains some of the best music Sonic Youth have recorded since the landmark Daydream Nation in 1988. [Jul 2002, p.122]"
,80,"Murray Street's first four songs rank among the most consistent, and consistently exciting, work in Sonic Youth's career, so much so that the album's shorter, more rock-oriented songs feel a bit anticlimactic."
,80,"Consider Murray Street to be Sonic Youth's calmer, more introspective journey into the science of sound, one filled with just as many gifts as their earlier, more hard-hitting works. It's filled with rewarding listens."
,80,"Written with some basic, inviting rock structures, the album replaces the hyper energy and angst of older material with slowed-down, complex textures and delicate grooves -- but still rocks out intermittently."
,80,"They've got more sweet-and-bitter guitar muscle than ever. [#8, p.122]"
,80,"Murray Street doesn't mark an epochal moment for Sonic Youth, but its familiar nods and new ingredients--from Steve Shelley's occasionally near-funky drumming to O'Rourke's tingly laptop textures--stake out another high point for a band achieving self-realization by reconciling self-absorption with a sigh and a smile."
,80,"Features some of the group's most focused and seductive work ever."
,80,"Murray Street achieves that rare thing for any band - real consistency."
,80,"Whereas the band once seemed to dawdle and wander aimlessly through beds of noise, this new tight formation sees hooks, standard song structures and recognizable melodies."
,80,"For the first time in their careers, Sonic Youth are willing to stand for something and give it to you, no frills. No more hiding behind black shades and pretending you're Lou Reed, no more let's try to make the scariest noises possible from our guitars sessions, no more poses. Sonic Youth have grown up."
,80,"Murray Street is like falling asleep with the TV on and waking to rapturous white noise."
,80,"The band's conventional elements are even more conventional while the boundary-pushers stretch as far as ever. [Album of the Month, July 2002, p.92]"
,80,"Whether they came on board at Daydream Nation or Experimental Jet Set, true believers will relish this one."
,70,"Features less avant-garde noodling and more straight-up Youth. [Sep 2002, p.96]"
,70,"With Murray Street the band has made a persuasive case for its ongoing existence for the first time in over a decade."
,60,"Overall, SY fail to get into their groove between twisted, brutalised melody and spastic six-string experimentalism."
,50,"The new album isn't terrible, just dull."

,80,"Shaddix's woes connect directly to a large and equally confused audience, and that nobody this side of Kurt Cobain communicates them with as much power."
,80,"The group's secret weapon is the way it so vividly captures the storms of confusion, anger and self-recrimination that swirl around inside a boy."
,80,"It's the perfect summer record--if your summer begins with your dad running off with his secretary and your girlfriend dumping you for that asshole lifeguard at the water-slide park. [Jul 2002, p.107]"
,80,"A more crunchingly bare-bones record all around. [#8, p.123]"
,80,"The energy that spills forth from these grooves hails both the positive power of loud guitars and gorges itself on the general insanity of life, but nails it all home with a knowing melodic sense of the anthemic and a musical complexity which elevates the entire album beyond mere thrash and burn histrionics."
,80,"Another solid effort."
,70,"No post-nu-metal. No nu-post-hardcore. Just a solid, honest, rock album."
,67,"Precise? Yes. But does it work your frustrations out? Only a little."
,60,"It's hard to deny Papa Roach have a certain knack of crafting big, glossy, annoyingly catchy anthems for the Kerrang TV generation."
,60,"LoveHateTragedy is a compendium of modern rock styles, glued together by Papa Roach's exuberance and Shaddix's outsized persona. [July 2002, p.119]"
,60,"In the moments when Shaddix's voice and lyrics don't detract from the band's remarkable bluster, Papa Roach soars."
,58,"Papa Roach were fairly distinctive two years back, but in a twist we've witnessed many times before, the band that helped beget so much of the rap-metal grudge rock we're now hearing resembles all its followers."

,90,"Throughout there is a warm, unguarded, generous spirit."
,80,"Highly charged without being mawkish. [July 2002, p.115]"
,80,"One of the crispest and coziest (and, at 21 tracks, one of the most generous) live recordings in recent memory."
,60,"James' musical prowess on the anthemic 'Born of Frustration' and 11-minute sonic storm of 'Sound' are great representations of what made them a brilliant pop band in the first place."
,40,"The sing-along antics of the home crowd can be a little irritating. [Aug 2002, p.107]"
,40,"Even Booth's uncanny vocal resemblance to Bono isn't enough to keep this overlong set interesting. [#10, p.118]"
,20,"James' big thing was anthems, and here they do every single anthem they ever thought of. The crowd think it's brilliant, and they cheer when Tim Booth talks about God. The crowd are plainly mad."

,100,"The whole album is as musically stirring and creative as anything TMBG have ever done, and thats saying a lot."
,90,"This is pure unadulterated fun, masterfully executed."
,90,"Ultimately, No! is one of the group's most creative albums in years, and undoubtedly one of 2002's best children's releases, because it says yes to fun and individuality."
,80,"17 tracks of 'edutainment' that are as enjoyable for adults as they are for kids."
,80,"Kids, parents and nerdy long-time fans alike can take something out of this."
,80,"It's great for kids and parents, because TMBG, like former Del Fuego Dan Zanes, are among the only children's musicians who recognize that real rock and roll has always been goofy and childlike."
,70,"The disc is enhanced with gleefully absurd, marginally interactive cartoons, and packed with that Eisenhower-era zip-twinkle."
,60,"It may not hold the attention of anyone who's been out of diapers more than five years. [#8, p.124]"

,100,"Their best, most expansive album. [#8, p.112]"
,90,"Even after one listen it's apparent that 'Untouchables' is a monster of a record."
,90,"It's sort of beautiful in its ugliness, a metal record lovingly buffeted by details and white noise."
,80,"'Untouchables' is a record that grows spikes with each listen and is by turns exhilarating, confusing, inspiring, embarrassing and astonishing."
,80,"Their darkest, most impenetrable record yet--the aural approximation of staring down a mine shaft at midnight. [Jul 2002, p.75]"
,80,"The riffs are cleaner and catchier than on previous records. [Aug 2002, p.126]"
,80,"By cutting away some of the fat and finding new ways to deliver their trademark roar, the members of Korn manage to offer a strong and lean album that maintains their place as innovators in a genre with few leaders"
,75,"The song, sentiment and anger remain the same."
,60,"With his background in both trailblazing funk and hard art-rock, producer Michael Beinhorn helps Korn's vicious rhythm section pound harder while expanding the band's higher frequencies with electronics and symphonics, even as its famously down-tuned guitars buzz away."
,50,"Nothing here explains the reported $4.5 million budget. [28 June 2002, p.142]"
,50,"Untouchables ends up heavy on stadium rock bluster, with precious little of the musical texture and intricacy that made Follow the Leader one of the few transcendent albums of its genre."

,83,"For all its appeal, there's something a little off about the album."
,83,"The best he has sounded in years."
,80,"Whatever you're going to make of 'Heathen', you'll probably agree it's Bowie's most eclectic effort for some time - and a damn enjoyable, rockahula listening pleasure."
,80,"Even at his most self-referential, Bowie is still a zillion times more inventive, brave and rocket-to-Mars brilliant than anyone who's been prodded by the ubiquitous genius stick, like, ever."
,80,"A graceful marriage of synthesizers, guitars, and post-modern croon, Heathen summons the same air of romantic unease found on albums like Station To Station and Bowie's late-'70s collaborations with Brian Eno."
,80,"A soul-searching set that recalls such pre-'Let's Dance' collections as Heroes and Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps)."
,80,"A colorful, satisfying album that feels like a classic."
,80,"A return to form. Definitely. [June 2002, p.108]"
,80,"Heathen is a fine restatement of classic Bowie elements with contemporary twists. [July 2002, p.110]"
,78,"Heathen's swirling production, courtesy of Heroes/Low/Scary Monsters producer Tony Visconti, is so much more of a piece that it hangs together like a Thin White Spider concept album instead of an old dog/new tricks effort."
,78,"Heathen is the best Bowie release in years."
,70,"Heathen is the sound of Bowie essentially covering himself -- to splendid, often moving effect."
,60,"Only lunatics would rank 'Heathen' alongside Bowie's '70s masterpieces. But for a 55-year-old who's spent such a surreally long time floundering, desperately searching for a) the zeitgeist and b) a tune, it's actually rather respectable."
,60,"While the soul-searching is utterly sincere, the music is only intermittently successful."
,60,"A sound that is almost vintage Bowie.... Even so, many of these 12 perfectly harmless songs plod where instead they should spring. [#8, p.115]"
,58,"While the songwriting ain't bad, it also ain't that good."
,40,"None of the 12 tracks on Heathen displays anything memorable in the way of melody or chorus, their phrasing short-breathed and tired, their sequences energyless. [Jul 2002, p.108]"
,40,"Unfortunately, Heathen is as much Tin Machine as Outsider. [Aug 2002, p.79]"
,30,"A tremendous waste of time for everyone involved."
,20,"For anyone with a critical reading of his long career, the album is a drowsy downer unconvincingly cloaked in interplanetary piffle."

,100,"If you only buy one album this year, make it Finelines."
,83,"A compelling collage of urgent and moody alt-rock. [28 June 2002, p.143]"
,80,"It may well be too long and it might stick to its blueprint a little too faithfully, but singularity of vision can hardly be criticised on a debut record. 'Finelines' is a black-hearted but coruscating journey at speed."
,80,"Combining the brittle emotion of Bob Mould with Dave Grohl's understanding of rock dynamics, My Vitriol are robust enough for the moshpit while also providing the perfect soundtrack for those dark nights when the only company you need is a wine bottle."
,80,"Finelines serves up Everybody Oriented Rock, sure to be a hit with both the critics and the slamdancing fans who ignore them. [Aug 2002, p.72]"
,70,"They tread a catchy path delineated by imploring vocals and shiny choruses that owe something to both Irish guitar-pups Ash and the Manic Street Preachers."
,60,"This is the kind of debut that lurches into the grungy excess befitting trashcan fires, anachronistic outsider idolization, and massive Feeder collections assembled inside Southern Californian suburbs."
,60,"The finest line here is the one between effortless thrash-pop and Slowdive's arse, and My Vitriol just tripped over it."
,30,"One of the most disappointing debut albums I've ever heard."

,80,"Lavigne splices the angst of Alanis Morissette and the snarl of Courtney Love into a debut full of sunny guitar pop. [#8, p.115]"
,80,"Unlike any of the pop princesses that have gone before her, however, Lavigne offers a sound far more guitar-heavy, and lyrics packed with unshakable attitude."
,79,"Avril is not some brilliant songwriter, and her voice is good, but not amazing, and her tude is a little ridiculous at times. Despite this, she is the most refreshing and exciting girl in pop rock today."
,75,"The Canadian rocker looks like a (prettier) member of Sum 41, sounds like a slightly less-pissed Alanis Morissette and has the streetwise 'tude of Pink."
,67,"Lavigne's monochromatic debut set of unimaginative guitar rock is saved only by the earnestness of her songs."
,60,"Lavigne displays a musical guile way beyond her years. [Sep 2002, p.109]"
,60,"The problem is Lavigne is still so young she's listening to the radio hits of the '90s and early 2000s: she's Pink when she's bucking authority, Alanis Morissette when she's angry, and Jewel when she's sensitive."
,60,"Truth be told, Lavigne has a great voice, a good shtick and a qualified staff of hitmakers."
,40,"Most of it is pretty middle-of-the-road female singer-songwriter tripe."

,100,"Doves have delivered, with honesty and affection. All other guitar bands this year will seem like a scratchy sideshow. [Jun 2002, p.110]"
,91,"The darkest feel-good record of the year. [14 Jun 2002, p.100]"
,90,"One of the most stunning and gorgeous records of this young decade."
,90,"Imagine 'Lost Souls' injected with Prozac and a huge dose of weird guitar noises that give you goosebumps from head to toe. That's 'The Last Broadcast'. It's one of those rare albums that makes sense first thing in the morning but you can still yell along to when your head's exploding."
,90,"This is a dazzling and haunting disc. [Aug 2002, p.74]"
,90,"This is music designed to fill arenas - possessed of a consistent quality and vision, a head, a heart and
,soul - that simply leaves the competition trailing in its wake. An utter triumph."
,90,"Surpassing the merits of Lost Souls, one of the best albums of 2000, is no mean feat, but to do it in such breath-taking fashion is something else, something special."
,89,"There's not a bad spot on the album, 12 tracks that taken as a whole make up the most exhilarating UK rock album in years."
,83,"Rich with melody and drama, even the band's experiments--like adapting King Crimson's 'Moonchild' into the lush 'M62 Song'--work."
,80,"A damn good sophomore effort. [#54, p.86]"
,80,"Last Broadcast is visceral, pulsing, uplifting, widescreen but has none of the bluster that would tip its forbears into self-parody. [May 2002, p.108]"
,80,"Shows a refreshing rawness that was absent before."
,80,"Most of these songs sound like they're taking down whole walls of your average sonic cathedral and replacing them with huge stained-glass windows with a billion pieces in a hundred thousand colours that sparkle like angel's tears when the sun hits them, like. Yes, it is a bit evangelical. It's reverent."
,80,"The Last Broadcast is big, intelligent, irony-free music that demands an open mind -- and rewards the heart quite well. Magnificent."
,80,"An album that's full of drama, without the tiresome excess."
,70,"An optimistic and heartfelt album. [Aug 2002, p.165]"
,70,"The overall result lacks the ebony-hued cohesiveness and experimental flair of the debut set."
,60,"Utterly entrancing. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.104]"
,60,"They make tremendously consoling music, in an autumnal sort of way."
,60,"It's a deeply Manchester album: melodic yet substantial, uplifting and acceptable to football fan and student alike. [May 2002, p.109]"

,90,"Frantic is packed with potential singles, as if he's decided it's not crime to enjoy himself, to embrace foolish things earthier than Avalon. This is classic Ferry, but full of surprises. [May 2002, p.92]"
,86,"No period of Ferry's extraordinary career goes untouched on Frantic, easily his most rewarding solo work since Roxy's disbandment in 1983."
,83,"Any fan of Bryan Ferry's Roxy work will find Frantic music to their ears."
,80,"A general openness to experimentation makes Frantic exciting after the shock of the singer's newfound gusto has worn off."
,80,"Some listeners might suggest that an album this varied has an identity crisis, but with standout tracks as glorious as the Dylan covers and the Eno closer, Frantic is a fascinating addition to Bryan Ferry's accomplished discography."
,80,"This time around, the man actually sounds excited to be making music."
,80,"A frisky set that rocks with more excitement than Ferry has exhibited in years."
,80,"Unlike artists who 'discover' the idea during songwriting droughts, Ferry is one of the few 'rock' singers to embrace (and master) the underrated art of 'song stylist.'"
,70,"Ferry could seem too reverent toward the material on As Time Goes By, but his new album, Frantic, feels a lot looser (and less respectful) even as it revisits the singer's favorite sources (Dylan, Leadbelly)."
,70,"Frantic may play like a greatest hits album, with bits here recalling Boys & Girls and songs there echoing late Roxy, and it may rank in the middle to upper of the pack of his overall body of work. But it's the most cohesive album he's done in ages."
,70,"A pleasantly surprising step in the right direction. [May 2002, p.104]"
,70,"Ferry's voice, even for Earth's maestro of remote-control Sinatra-esque soul, is plainly spectacular."
,70,"Positive energy and enthusiasm go a long way here."
,60,"Recalls The Bride Stripped Bare, Ferry's 1978 art-R&B lament. [#8, p.116]"
,60,"Ferry has covered so much ground that it's hard not to repeat himself. [Apr 2002, p.112]"
,40,"Frankly, this is total yuppie shit--competent and unobtrusive."

,91,"Skeletal, fragmented, stumblebum, Kim and Kelley retain their knack for righting themselves with a tuneburst just when you thought they'd never do the limbo again."
,80,"Sounds like the product of a sloppy but inspired band enjoying the straightforward art of making a noise. [Jun 2002, p.114]"
,80,"That's another thing about the present incarnation of the Breeders: they sound, somehow, a lot more . . . oh . . . credible than the last version."
,80,"Title TK sounds as if nothing happened since Last Splash."
,80,"It's the sound of experimentation working, it's what what the second Elastica album should have sounded like, and it's a compelling story unfolding, with many more interesting twists still to come."
,80,"It blends the stripped-down sounds of Pod and the Amps' Pacer into a collection of strangely intimate, feminine garage rock."
,80,"There's a lot of empty space in these songs, the better to focus on Kim and Kelley's up-front vocal harmonies and classically off-kilter lyrical ideas."
,75,"After repeated listens, Title TK congeals into a beautiful little slice of fuzz-rock-pop."
,74,"Title TK picks up where Pod left off in 1989, with a jagged sound nowhere near as tight as the Pixies' but a heartfelt enthusiasm for creating music."
,70,"The tight, buzzing guitars and chugging rhythm section have been deconstructed--subdued, even. [#54, p.78]"
,70,"This is hot, scratchy, burdened un-rock, and one horribly sad album."
,70,"A languorous, mid-paced affair that eschews visceral assault and pop nous for a raw, prowling, feline angularity. [June 2002, p.108]"
,70,"Not necessarily a fantastic album then, but a great excuse for a record, nonetheless."
,67,"The thrill evaporates as one monotonous tune drones into the next. [24 May 2002, p.94]"
,60,"Title TK isn't awful, but it's too zoned out to draw you in. [Jun 2002, p.71]"
,60,"The experimentation of tracks like 'Off You' and 'Put on a Side' show that Kim Deal and co. aren't concerned with reproducing past success, but also shows that they are entirely capable of producing the same interesting song structures and pop pleasures that we have come to expect."
,40,"No matter how much frenetic energy is exuded, Title TK fails to ignite The Breeders' former fire. [May 2002, p.108]"
,40,"Unfortunately, the songs on Title TK are mostly half-written train wrecks. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.103]"
,40,"Title TK comes off as unglued in an almost perversely restrained, even uneventful way."

,75,"Her lilting angelic voice and ethereal alternating waves of electronic and acoustic musical accompaniment make Nova's contemporary folk-pop tunes perfect for TV-styled teen angst and lessons in love."
,70,"What South demonstrates most effectively is that Nova, who had been awkwardly marketed as an edgy alt-rock chick, is now a performer perfectly poised for adulthood, and the mature listening audience that comes with it."
,70,"Nova and her producers do not rely on atmosphere alone. Instead  they nail songs with unshakable melodies, choruses, bridges and harmonics; the technique, as on the great soul records, uses structural certainty to access emotional mysteries."
,60,"Heather Nova has ventured out on South, delving into the pop side for her own inventions. Fans who aren't accepting of such a move might be critical; new listeners might find South her easiest album."

,91,"Another cool chill-out album."
,91,"It's a formula, but damn if it isn't still effective. [17 May 2002, p.74]"
,90,"The most poignant artistic statement of his career. [May 2002, p.70]"
,80,"A more coherent album [than Play], it enchances rather than advances his previous approach, proving superior to its predecessor because its music is more sensitive, its emotions more personal, and what's on offer is a closer, more inviting experience. [May 2002, p.105]"
,80,"He has created a record that might not be as wildly eclectic on the surface as Play, and it certainly lacks club-hits on the level of 'Bodyrock' or 'South Side,' but it's a warm, enveloping, humanistic record with real emotional resonance, which surely is a noteworthy artistic step forward."
,80,"For the most part, the formula still works fine. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.107]"
,80,"18 makes Play sound like a what-if experiment in techno blues; now Moby sounds like he means it as much as his sampler does. [May 2002, p.77]"
,80,"A sprawling, ambitious 18-track effort that's hardly the cash-in it could've been. [May 2002, p.115]"
,70,"Most of 18 is pleasant but unchallenging and unremarkable."
,70,"So 18 is neither a retread of Play nor a departure from it. It's pop music the way Moby has always heard it: a frantic dance of different sounds and styles, banging into the wall a time or two but hitting sublimely beautiful highs along the way."
,70,"Moby continues to do on 18 what hes always done best, and that is to fuse disparate musical styles with a pop sensibility, while maintaining a moody, almost gothic theme."
,50,"You finish listening to 18 feeling as if you've heard a decaffeinated version of Play. [June 2002, p.98]"
,50,"At its best, 18 is a mesmerizing negotiation of the gap between mainstream tastes and underground allegiances. As a whole, though, it's too stuck in its in-between space to step beyond an uninspiring middle ground."
,50,"The follow-up to 'Play' is, essentially, 'Re-Play', a cynical rehash of the melancholic-yet-strangely-uplifting schtick which sold ten million albums and soundtracked every single advert of the last three years."
,50,"An attempted retread that feels more driven by commerce than conviction and suffers as a result."
,40,"The lead single, the excellent, Bowie-ish wibbler 'We Are All Made Of Stars' is a total red herring. The other 67 minutes and 17 tracks are 'Play' Redux; familiar-sounding 'oh-lord-my-dog's-just-died' samples over shopworn pianos and strings, straining to be epic but lacking the crucial element of surprise that made 'Play' sound so innovative."
,40,"A mostly thin and needlessly morose album. [Jun 2002, p.108]"
,40,"Nearly every song sounds like either a redux of or reject from its predecessor."
,40,"It still wouldnt come off so badly if Moby took his old sounds and improved them, but he doesnt."
,26,"As a follow-up, 18 plays it safer than a quadruple-condomed fundamentalist Christian at an abstinence rally."
,10,"Moby is no auteur, a fact made painfully clear by his terrible new album, 18, which revisits the already derivative territory of Play."

,90,"Deadsy's mix of electronics, death-metal distortion and lugubrious vocals offers something magnificently alien, yet familiar. [Jun 2002, p.69]"
,60,"It's enough to make you think Deadsy are all a hilariously high-concept prank. Which it is, um, right?"
,40,"[Deadsy's] interchangeable keyboard noodling and flat, faintly robotic vocals will excite only those desperate for labelmates Orgy to hurry up and knock out another album. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.104]"
,25,"Deadsy crosses cheesy new wave keyboards, metal guitars and overwrought gothic drama in a way that just never jells."
,25,"If only they didn't sound like a dying Flock of Seagulls. [17 May 2002, p.78]"

,83,"Perfect pop fun for short attention spans."
,80,"Amid all the bitching and moaning are some of the finest songs of Weezer's career. [May 2002, p.118]"
,80,"Maladroit combines the best parts of the three previous Weezer albums: creamy guitar riffs, addictive beats, staple 'hoo hoo's' and the brilliant mystique of Cuomos lyrics."
,80,"So, it's essentially a harder-rocking version of the last album. But you know what? It doesn't matter because the band is at a peak."
,80,"'Maladroit' is a more satisfying half an hour than the often-impersonal 'Green' album. Quick-fire melody-driven, riff-heavy pop songs that resurrect the gritty, edginess of 'Pinkerton'. The best of both worlds basically."
,80,"The music's shift from trivial to memorable dominates Maladroit; this is Cuomo's attempt to make his voice and guitar move as quick as his mind."
,80,"If 'The Green Album' was the charming bouquet to apologise for not calling for five years, 'Maladroit' is the rigorous porking in the back of a second-hand Fiesta we've been gagging for since 1996. It's almost as if Rivers cares about music again."
,80,"While Pinkerton was a jarringly beautiful listen, Maladroit is more of a punchy, messy pop record."
,80,"Feels simultaneously messy, sprawling, and perfectly compact."
,70,"Be forewarned: There's not much along the lines of 'Island in the Sun' here.... Still, there are plenty of smart hooks and catchy vocals throughout."
,70,"The short-but-sweet syrupiness of the past is gone, and the sound that has taken its place is heavier, mustier and a hell of a lot harder to swallow."
,70,"Maladroit is a welcome - halfway - return to form."
,70,"If 2001s Weezer was a second-rate Blink-182, almost every composition on Maladroit is more strongly developed, whether it is the tight drumming to the point of showboating on the albums first single, Dope Nose, the surprisingly successful intricate guitar work on the crunchy Take Control, or the bands return to form, producing some of the best pop songs since their 1994 debut."
,70,"There's some rehash of the flimsy fun of the Green Album, and the choruses here aren't as memorable as much of the group's '90s material. That said, there's a darkness to Maladroit that will likely satisfy long-suffering Pinkerton fans."
,67,"It seems Cuomo is destined to write great songs for as long as his heart keeps getting stepped on."
,60,"Maladroit picks up where the Green Album slacked off, relying on the same chunky sonics that set 'Hash Pipe' apart from Weezer's earlier, more lithe singles."
,60,"Maladroit feels like a bloodless quest to write the perfect song. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.100]"
,58,"Unfortunately, Cuomo hasn't come up with enough quality material to match his god-of-thunder conceit."
,54,"With Maladroit, Weezer has finally given the full punt to the nerd-rock label they sorta invented and always shunned, settling instead for being our generation's version of Cheap Trick."
,50,"Maladroit is the emo equivalent of '70s arena rock -- a bracingly cocky attitude that tag-teams with its partner, navel-gazing."
,30,"The kids will tolerate Maladroit, and probably many more dull records just like it, because its a product of Weezer."

,91,"The Hives explode where a hundred other punk bands are proud to rock."
,91,"Veni Vidi Vicious literally explodes with frenetic guitar jangle and audacious hooks."
,90,"Plenty of fuzzed, struttin', propulsive guitar work on this disc to assault your ears."
,80,"Those dependable fuzz tones never get tired, so long as they're accompanied by a propulsive backbeat, maximum adrenaline and a modicum of melody, and Sweden's Hives have all of that."
,80,"Vicious is a combination of punk's snottiness, Detroit rock's raw power and the stylized blues freak-outs of bands like Pussy Galore."
,80,"While brevity alone isn't automatically a virtue, the songs here contain enough ample surprises, and hidden rewards, that there's nothing lacking even as the Hives smartly employ the logic of 'always leave them wanting more.'"
,80,"Their propulsive intensity busts down garage doors, stumbling only with the wrongheaded ersatz cocktail ballad. [#8, p.117]"
,80,"They came, they saw, they rocked viciously. [Jul. 2002, p.82]"
,80,"The Hives seem to have approached Vicious with one aim in mind: to rock  hard -- for 27 minutes straight. Even more impressively, they actually pull it off."
,78,"On Veni Vidi Vicious, the band plays like rascals on their way to jail, with the prospect of conjugal visits depending on the music's extroverted energy."
,75,"They almost vindicate the near-deafening hoopla that preceded this major-label debut. [10 May 2002, p.80]"
,74,"Instead of coming from noise and chaos, they're rooted in pastiche and show business-- especially on their one midtempo song, the 50s pop knockoff 'Find Another Girl.' Your parents might dig this album as much as you do."
,70,"The Hives' brand of neo-garage leans heavy on punk and lacks nuance, but the unification of speed, volume, and shake generates a scalding steam."

,100,"The tracks included in Dust are thoughtful, introspective canticles that are best enjoyed under the fog of your favorite incense and the glow of a candle or two."
,80,"Dust is a stunning look into his exotic, sharp imagination and a vibrant effort for those who've watched him evolve."
,70,"It's encouraging to see Murphy, twenty-odd years into his career, moving so confidently in new directions rather than rehashing old glories."
,70,"An emotive, evocative, electrifying mystery. [July 2002, p.88]"
,60,"It's perverse, contrary and, on stand-out tracks No Home Without Its Sire and Just For Love, surprisingly engaging. [Aug 2002, p.120]"
,30,"It's just one long drag."

,100,"Screw Wilco; In Our Gun is sounding very much like the Album of the Year."
,100,"Buy this album and hold it dear, because you won't hear a better one any time soon."
,83,"The end result is creative, inspired and, most important, individual."
,80,"The aural palette is as wide as ever... but in the service of songs that might be sung on the morning train, under stars on a moonless night or even in the bath. [Apr 2002, p.116]"
,80,"In Our Gun fulfills the group's early promise, integrating touches of Radiohead-style avant-garde atmospherics into a set of songs that are on the whole shorter, looser, and punchier than any of its predecessors."
,80,"In Our Gun has all the elements that made their debut so great, and then some."
,80,"Gomez continue to make powerfully relevant music."
,80,"The 13-song set gurgles and gloops with the surreal intensity of a Morricone score revisted by a Bollywood auteur/mixmaster. [#54, p.91]"
,75,"Gomez's three-vocalist acoustic vamps [are] now festooned with gadgetry. [3 May 2002, p.88]"
,70,"The five-piece British band has mastered the art of the recording studio, and this self-produced effort boasts the breathless enthusiasm of someone who's finally learned a difficult craft."
,70,"A little more emotional chaos, a dash of the dark stuff, might make such avuncular campfire grooves more worthy of our time and money."
,65,"It's an okay album, not nearly as overproduced as Liquid Skin nor as unnecessary as Abandoned Shopping Trolley Hotline. It isn't anywhere near the stellar debut, though, which is quickly becoming a tag Gomez is sick of hearing."
,60,"A slick, curious concoction that sounds like Dave Matthews crossed with the Beta Band."
,59,"The middling adult contemporary slop, although awful, isnt what ultimately drowns In Our Gun. That blame can fall squarely in the lap of misguided attempts at moody electronica, something the band has more successfully dabbled in previously."
,40,"Gomez's clattering eclecticism has won endless plaudits, but now seems like a red herring when their exploratory approach remains fixated on Dixieland, Seventies soul and hip hop. [Apr 2002, p.100]"
,40,"The thing about prog rock is that it is supposed to progress. [Mar 2002, p.122]"
,40,"Packed with earnest but impotent stadium rock. [Jul. 2002, p.82]"
,27,"If anemic blues guitar riffs and half-assed attempts at white-boy soul were the only problems with In Our Gun, it might almost be passable."

,90,"It's an album that feels like a watershed somehow, a significant step onwards."
,90,"It's difficult to imagine how Badly Drawn Boy could've improved on The Hour of Bewilderbeast any better than this astonishing work."
,90,"With About a Boy, Badly Drawn boy has grown up."
,90,"A gorgeous, (let me say it again) gorgeous album that totally stands on its own.... About a Boy is one of the best albums of the year."
,83,"A mix of songs and themes balancing obsessive craft with flippant style. [3 May 2002, p.89]"
,80,"A vibe of maverick playfulness married to fabulous tunes. [Apr 2002, p.106]"
,80,"A collection of stylistically diverse tunes that is cohesive and refreshing. [Jul 2002, p.76]"
,80,"Somewhere within the radio-friendly, xylophone-banging tracks, Badly Drawn Boy finds space for artistic experimentation and growth."
,80,"Ambition, imagination, charm and grace - by any measure, 'About A Boy' hits the heights."
,80,"Badly Drawn Boy pulls off the job with panache, tipping his hat to Nick Drake, Burt Bacharach and acoustic-era Bob Dylan. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.103]"
,78,"About a Boy is that rarest of bewildering beasties, the soundtrack that stands by itself."
,75,"The songs lack the emotional depth of Bewilderbeast, but the jaunty folk-pop is just so much fun."
,70,"The seemingly effortless confidence displayed throughout is startling. [Apr 2002, p.108]"
,70,"The songs on About a Boy are all exactly what we've come to expect from Gough, and the disc's lack of cohesion is its only real failing."
,70,"It's not all pleasant.... However, there are some total gems, as you'd expect."
,70,"If About A Boy doesn't quite have the anything-can-happen vibe of Bewilderbeast, it still reveals a remarkably gifted artist."
,60,"The movie-cue instrumentals, underdeveloped sketches and an incongruous fake cop-show theme prevent About a Boy from fully holding together as an album, but at the core of this soundtrack are some elegant, fully realized songs."
,60,"Light and airy, pretty in parts, but devoid of muscle, grit or originality. [May 2002, p.96]"
,49,"Every card Gough plays is painfully transparent from the first time you play the disc. It's elementary stuff. It sounds manufactured, refined, cosmetic and sterile; in a word, silicone, like a pair of Badly Sculpted Breast Implants."

,100,"Bristling with an electric current that seemingly short-circuited years ago, ''When I Was Cruel'' is the best work Costello has produced since ''Blood & Chocolate'' back in the mid-'80s."
,90,"An immediately engrossing and challenging collection of moody, evocative songs-- an entire album of 'I Want You' and 'Watching the Detectives' for those so inclined."
,90,"A shoo-in as one of this year's 'best of's.'"
,89,"The Costello formula takes over: minimalist but experimental instrumentation, eternally durable vocals, and literate punk-wave bittersweetening."
,83,"Elvis Costello is back, bashing and clanging away at what he does best: delivering out vitriolic songs of curdled romance and sodden, soiled dreams."
,80,"When I Was Cruel is bursting with bile and romance, tricky lyrics and tantalising tunes, and finds him practically trampolining with the thrill of messing about with sounds. [May 2002, p.108]"
,80,"Costello proves that all the balladry hasn't dulled his ability to rock."
,80,"Its a confectionary delight, from start to finish: sometimes intelligent, sometimes emotional, always likeable."
,80,"Costello has never experimented so freely on an album in his entire career."
,80,"An album of taut, bilious rock that -- propelled, not coincidentally, by original Attractions members Steve Nieve and Pete Thomas -- has all the teetering-on-unhinged feel of Costello's very best work."
,80,"When I Was Cruel is a collection of tough tunes and textures that recalls -- but doesn't recycle -- the records that endeared him to his earliest admirers."
,80,"The songs are brilliantly Costello-esque, fairly varied, and don't sound at all dated."
,80,"Ultimately, I suspect Costello non-devotees will find that too much effort is required to get into these songs and there may not be sufficient emotional payoff to justify the investment."
,75,"Despite the presence of a few misses, When I Was Cruel will be well worth the purchase for anyone still trying to work their way through All This Useless Beauty. It's a straightforward, catchy, and of course smart record from the meanest man in the British Isles."
,70,"Just a little sensible pruning then and 'When I Was Cruel' would be a triumphant return to rocking form for Mr Costello."
,70,"Anyone expecting When I Was Cruel to be This Year's Model may be disappointed, but Elvis Costello has worn so many hats over the years that it would have been a misstep for him to try to go back."
,70,"The lyrics chew as much as they bite, and the music -- ranging from twangy jazzisms to raucous blues rock -- lets Costello honor his roots while still showing off what he picked up at the conservatory. [May 2002, p.118]"
,70,"Too often, Costello strains to squeeze more musical and lyrical notions into his simple pop songs than they can hold, leaving listeners with a scattershot collection instead of a fleshed-out statement, and a merely good album instead of a great one."
,60,"Outside of the Bacharach album, it's his best in a long time. But in order to know that, you will have to have dilligently listened to everything from Spike on -- and if you got off the bus around then, it's harder than ever to get back on."
,60,"Costello clutters many fine compositions with kitchen-sink arrangements and cacophonous production that bring into focus how sorely missed estranged Attractions bassist Bruce Thomas is throughout. [Jun 2002, p.75]"
,60,"Elvis makes you suffer for the good stuff with leaden conceits, overwrought hysterics, a useless reprise. And then he makes it all up to yoo-oo-oou."
,60,"If the performances here reclaimed the sputtering, spastic fury of Elvis and the Attractions in their prime, it might not matter that Costello came to play without indelible melodies and jaw-dropping lyrics, but they really don't and he largely did."
,60,"With a bit of self-pruning, a bit MORE risk and space in the production, he might have TRULY self-reinvented. [May 2002, p.90]"
,60,"There isn't anything quite as special as, say, Veronica but the veins at Costello's temples are throbbing again."
,60,"It's no classic, but there are reassuringly unhealthy signs of life."

,90,"Romantica charges out of the gate with a new vigor, brightness, and sensitivity that, in retrospect, hasn't really come together within one package for them since maybe Bewitched."
,80,"Largely standard Luna fare: smooth, loungey, literate alt-pop with quirky yet instantly moving melodies. [Apr 2002, p.79]"
,80,"The songs are light, the production both relaxed and relaxing... the music breathes."
,80,"The songs are simpler, livelier, a little more direct and a lot more hummable."
,80,"Six albums on and Luna have never sounded better. [Jul 2002, p.112]"
,80,"Exuberant and undeniable... if you don't own a Luna album, start here. [Aug 2002, p.112]"
,80,"It finds Wareham in rare form. [#54, p.95]"
,80,"Buoyed by a blissful, lovestruck mood, this album's sumptuous tone elevates it beyond familiar terrain. [Aug 2002, p.128]"
,80,"By making an album that's utterly listenable without sacrificing its integrity, Luna provides the season's greatest guilty pleasure--without the guilt."
,80,"The smarmy lyrics are back in full force, but the music is so crisp, clean, and catchy that it hardly matters at all."
,78,"What separates the album from previous Luna product is not so much instrumental alterations as the newly unabashed sentimentality of Wareham's lyrics."
,70,"Fans of the group's early work might find the album a bit trying at first, but it's still the same old group for the most part."
,70,"A solid, thoroughly pleasing and engaging record that is certain to delight the fans who continue to pay attention."
,70,"Minor missteps aside, Romantica is a very good album of compelling, original verses. [#34, p.68]"
,67,"The sonic pleasure of the band's languid guitar balladry still pulses, and bassist Britta Phillips adds pleasant Stereolab-y vocals to some tracks, but there isn't much here you haven't heard before from Luna."
,60,"Romantica is Luna's most energetic record ever. Which isn't saying much. [Apr/May 2002, p.115]"
,60,"Nothing here is as strong as any of the standouts on Luna's mid-Nineties classic, Penthouse, but each of Wareham's songs is well-rounded and pleasantly wispy."
,60,"Just another average album by a band that has proved it can make great ones."
,50,"The swapping out of Justin Harwood for Britta Phillips on bass seems to have enlivened things somewhat, but what starts so promising, sputters as the album progresses."

,91,"[Stereo] is brimming with expressive, beautifully articulated songs that speak to both sides of his personality."
,91,"Thankfully, our hero hasn't lost his knack for breaking your heart with a turn of phrase or a gauzy guitar motif. [26 Apr 2002, p.148]"
,80,"A record that grows on you slowly but surely. [May 2002, p.104]"
,80,"The reason to get excited about this release, the reason to wake the kids and call the neighbors, is the second disc, Mono."
,80,"The most honest-sounding collection of songs Westerberg has penned in years."
,80,"These two albums are the strongest contribution to Westerberg's canon since The Replacements' days."
,80,"Stereo/Mono is less polished than Westerberg's other solo efforts, but the song quality is consistent."
,80,"The off-the-cuff approach results in some daft lyrics  and dud moments, but when Westerberg finds his feet in this mode, he has few rivals in summoning up the sound of loneliness."
,80,"Stereo is the first Westerberg solo disc that captures the elusive feel and emotional resonance of his best Replacements tunes."
,80,"A strong batch of Dylanesque songs."
,77,"Mono and Stereo would be fine records from any musician-- that Westerberg himself is the source makes it all the sweeter."
,70,"Just as the busking, basement-tapes balladry of Stereo feels wan and undercooked, the rough-and-ready rock of Mono brims with the thoughtfulness and soulful energy of Westerberg's 1993 solo debut, 14 Songs, and his ever-influential Replacements catalog."
,70,"With a voice that aches like a hangover, Westerberg has long sounded like he's had an album of post-punk saloon ballads in him. Stereo is that album, and it's his best collection of songs since the Eighties."
,70,"Two CDs that brim with primitive optimism, as the music shuffles between naked, moody pop (Stereo) to gritty indie rock (Mono) -- like the Replacements, but with half the noise on hold."
,60,"Westerberg delivers a hook, an idea and a subtle emotion on nearly every track. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.116]"
,60,"A disheveled collection.... Westerberg's muse seems to switch on and off, from inspired to bored. [Jun 2002, p.90]"
,60,"This is aching ramshackle folk rock. [June 2002, p.124]"
,50,"These songs move so languidly they seem self-pitying. [July 2002, p.104]"

,100,"A masterpiece, exactly the sort of record that your average sentient pop genius should make in 2002. [May 2002, p.99]"
,100,"This disc's rich, exotic flavor gets more intense the longer you chew on it."
,100,"The sheer scope of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is so utterly breathtaking that repeat airings only reinforce its stunning songcraft and otherworldly sonic splendor."
,100,"Complex and dangerously catchy, lyrically sophisticated and provocative, noisy and somehow serene, Wilco's aging new album is simply a masterpiece; it is equally magnificent in headphones, cars and parties.... No one is too good for this album; it is better than all of us."
,91,"''Yankee Hotel Foxtrot'' is a subliminal album. Spin it once and it barely registers. Play it five or six times and its vaporous, insinuating, rusty-carousel melodies start to carve out a permanent orbit in your skull."
,90,"I'm not sure if it's the work by O'Rourke or the progression of the group (or a little of both), but this disc is so multi-layered that it's easy to hear new things many many times after the first listen."
,90,"Yankee confirms what fans have long suspected: Wilco was right, the label was wrong, and the album could be the best of the band's career."
,90,"Rarely has a record balanced such quality lyrics with such pretty music; it is also a rare occasion when a record can be both deeply sad and uplifting at the same time."
,90,"You'll be hard-pressed to find a more adventurous and rewarding release this year."
,90,"Wilco's most rewarding work yet. [#34, p.60]"
,90,"YHF is a fierce record."
,90,"A stark, mostly beautiful but sometimes mind-numbing disc."
,90,"A carefully layered, multifaceted album in terms of its sound, music, lyrics, and thematic cohesion -- in short, a great musical achievement."
,89,"After a while -- a familiarity period if you will -- it becomes clear that these songs are not only fully realized, they're damn near brilliant."
,80,"While their songs still maintain the loose intimacy that was apparent on their debut AM, the music has matured to reveal a complexity that is rare in pop music, yet showcased perfectly on Yankee Hotel Foxtrot."
,80,"The most worth-the-wait long-awaited album in the world... ever? Could be..."
,80,"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is basically a good album, even a great album if you're in the mood, though if you listen to a lot of hip-hop (or house music or basement bhangra or any other genre not dominated by white people), it probably won't be the most extraordinary album you'll hear all month."
,80,"The most common description of this much-discussed album over the past few months is that YHF is Americana's Kid A. In truth, it's more successful than that. [May 2002, p.112]"
,80,"Like so many great fuzzy rock albums, from the Rolling Stones' Exile on Main Street to R.E.M.'s Murmur, it takes a few listens to seep into your bloodstream."
,80,"It's a gripping darkness that doesn't often lift. It's hard going, but it's worth it, and that is undoubtedly their point."
,80,"Tweedy takes conventional songforms birthed on his acoustic guitar and scrambles them completely, reassembled into fractured, dissonant epics with the help of the reliably brilliant Jim O'Rourke."
,80,"Battered, bonkers and bewitching in equal parts, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot at last finds Wilco's 'interesting' phase becoming downright fascinating. [May 2002, p.121]"
,80,"Tweedy whittles down the arrangements and drops in enough experimental nuances to make the whole thing sound refreshingly lo-fi. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.116]"
,80,"An earthy, moving psychedelia, eleven iridescent-country songs about surviving a blown mind and a broken heart."
,60,"More time spent in the songwriting lab might have yielded material more suitable to the evident studio effort invested and brought Wilco closer to making a truly great album."
,30,"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot's faceless, airbrushed production takes you back to the dead days of 1970s AOR radio. [#220, p.66]"

,100,"Mood music, maybe. How to be conscious and happy at the same time."
,100,"Having covered so much territory, the album leaves you completely fulfilled--like any nightclub act--but ready to do it all over again the next night."
,91,"Sounds even more like Quentin Tarantino directing a Bollywood Superfly starring Beck. [3 May 2002, p.88]"
,90,"Handcream is so fresh, so unexpected and so buoyant in its delivery of peaceful revolutionary politics that it should be the party album of the summer. [#34, p.59]"
,80,"This is happy music for hard times, a ray of warm and righteous sunshine just when it was needed most."
,80,"Cornershop have clearly been biding their time, not squandering it, returning with the kind of meaty, substantial, truly multi-dimensional project they've long been working towards."
,80,"Difficult and easy, dance-y and indie, this is a transitional album that works on just about every level I can think of."
,80,"While there's no doubting Tjinder's undeniably good taste, the sheer profusion of ideas on offer is probably Cornershop's biggest shortcoming."
,80,"A foot-stomping, bum-shaking good time from beginning to end. [May 2002, p.80]"
,80,"This is blender pop of the finest order, held together by some of the most high-minded funk in this galaxy."
,80,"It's party music with an edge, and celebratory songs for underdogs.... A spirited, unpredictable good time."
,80,"As with Daft Punk's Discovery and Playgrou's eponymous 2001 debut LP, Handcream For A Generation puts fun back on the agenda, offering a blurry picture of marathon socialising and the frazzled warmth of the morning after the night before. [Album of the Month, May 2002, p.88]"
,80,"Manages to provide a more coherent and enjoyable listening experience than mainstream dance bods like Daft Punk and Basement Jaxx have delivered of late. [Album of the Month, April 2002, p.94]"
,80,"This all flows well and is quite a good piece of mood music, yet there's no hiding that for all their political stances and past reputation, Cornershop doesn't really have all that much to say this time around, nor have they delivered more than a handful of songs to have all this stick."
,76,"An exhilarating but disorienting ride."
,70,"Handcream is leaner and less exuberant than When I Was Born, lower on warm drone and Indian elements generally and higher on Singh's sardonic mode."
,70,"The band's strong suit--which, when it gets down to business, has gotten noticeably stronger (and tighter and more focused) over the course of four releases--are earthy dance tracks like 'Music Plus 1' and 'Wog.com' which take hypnotic bass and drum tracks and embellish them with a variety of samples, noises, etc., and Tjinder Singh's simple, effective vocals."
,70,"Handcream for a Generation is a festive crash of cultures, a Babel of loops and ethnic body language. Dixie R&B, Bollywood kitsch, Crooklyn hip-hop, Eurotrash electronics -- singer-songwriter and producer Tjinder Singh shakes 'em up like rats in a box, finding kicks and connections in aggressive pastiche."
,60,"The set works like a spun-up set of carefully collated cuts, sequenced with stuck-tape-over-the-tabs-in-the-corners mix-tape affection that makes the whole seem like a sticky-sentimented sentimental love letter to the boys' record collections."
,60,"Unlike When I Was Born, which made similar pileups sound subversive, Handcream often feels mapless. [May 2002, p.122]"
,42,"It sounds like the band is trying too hard to recapture the quirk factor, and the overdose borders on annoying."
,40,"Weakened by a slew of club-oriented pieces that drown its personality in repetitive grooves. [Apr/May 2002, p.113]"
,30,"What once felt like maverick defiance on the part of the 'Shop now leaves them looking directionless, with Tjinder sounding increasingly like an unattractive combination of smugness and bitterness."

,90,"Release couldn't be more lovely if it tried."
,83,"Eventually, the tunes fall into place. What never materialize in sufficient number are the billowing climaxes and cutting remarks that mark their best albums, meaning most of them."
,80,"The Boys unleash some of their most sublime and accessible material in years."
,80,"Release sounds at once like a last gasp and a reinvention, which makes it all the more moving."
,80,"This is a long soft sigh of an album, suggesting not a sudden relief of pressure but just a pleasant exclamation of contentment."
,80,"A plaintive 10-song set, and the group's most consistent album since 1993's classic Very."
,80,"The new 'proper band' architecture well suits these touching, often funny songs. [Apr 2002, p.119]"
,80,"Equal parts wit, heartbreak, cool... and potential commercial suicide. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.112]"
,80,"The group's most consistently rewarding album since 1993's 'Very.'"
,70,"Release slowly unfolds with a sparse elegance, resonating as the detached dance-popsmiths' finest complete album in a decade. [June 2002, p.90]"
,70,"Admirers of melodic craft and pointed poetry -- even those stricken with synth-pop allergies -- should consider Release."
,60,"The album stands or falls by the seductiveness of its atmospheres and the memorability of its hooks--and here, it must be said, Release fails to imprint itself, leaving an impression mainly of dejected weariness. [May 2002, p.95]"
,50,"Half of Release feels like an old routine -- looming melancholy and not-quite-cheery disco by the pound. [Apr 2002, p.108]"

,91,"Pop isn't an ambition for these smart people with other things to do, it's a discipline--the tunes strong, the beats solid, the vocals lightly yearning and pungently sweet."
,90,"What On really proves is that great albums aren't a thing of the past. [#54, p.94]"
,80,"Ridiculously catchy melodies, driving synths, sharp, snapping drums, and super lo-fi bass and guitars churn out straight up dirty rock'n'roll, some twisted pop, and the occasional ethereal mid-tempo composition."
,80,"Imperial Teen deploy the familiar language of pop-rock, then subvert it with strange, chewy tales, making music that wraps arsenic in a candy coating. [Apr/May 2002, p.114]"
,80,"Imperial Teen is clearly evolving into a group of subtler, more nuanced songwriters."
,80,"Imperial Teen is delightful with just enough bite; danceable without having to count beats per minute; ready to have as much fun as you are."
,77,"On succeeds not in spite of its simplicity, but because of it."
,70,"On is that increasingly rare rock & roll specimen -- a magnificently hedonistic party album for extremely consenting adults."
,70,"Imperial Teen keeps it fresh, and the mostly mid-tempo On flavors its bubblegum pop by adding a sticky, erotic center. [#34, p.60]"
,70,"On offers tight musicianship, intimate lyrics and a wider sonic berth in comparison to indie pop's lyrically trite mistake celebrations. [May 2002, p.90]"
,60,"By the time On reaches its finale, it's stored up enough goodwill that it's more than possible to believe that there's an art to all this artlessness."
,50,"Either annoyingly sweet or refereshingly well-adjusted, depending on your mood. [Oct 2002, p.107]"

,90,"Gutterflower will undoubtedly take the Goo Goo Dolls to greater success, and deservedly so, such is it's quality and consistency."
,80,"A good, professional rock record, one that sells their sound as if it was as the most commercial imaginable, resulting in one of their most consistent albums."
,80,"The CD unfurls a ragged blend of infectious melodies, couched in brisk tempos, and shimmering ballads culled from the blueprint of such past hits as 'Name' and 'Iris.'"
,70,"Gutterflower proves once again that they are masters at crafting instantly appealing pop songs."
,70,"The real problem with Gutterflower is that it doesn't really add anything new to the Goo Goo Dolls repertoire."
,70,"Goes back to basics with a blinding mix of anthemic post-punk rockers and pretty mid-tempo ballads. [Jul 2002, p.107]"
,60,"There's still a whiff of contrivance about it that spoils the good work. [May 2002, p.112]"
,60,"Nothing here pushes power-ballad buttons quite as overtly as past smashes 'Name' and 'Iris,' but that shouldn't stop Gutterflower's songs from turning up in a Meg Ryan movie or two soon enough."
,60,"Gutterflower, for better or worse, is a perfectly executed encapsulation of the unexciting state of mainstream rock in 2002. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.108]"
,58,"They lack the melodic range to differentiate the new tunes from each other, or even from songs they've been releasing for years."
,58,"Headed for a prom near you... it's the Goo Goo Dolls."


,80,"There's enough diversity in this album that something is bound to appeal to just about any fan of rock."
,70,"Perfect major-label American alt-rock--slick, smart and serious enough without being somber to reach out to even the least emotionally confused people without scaring off the moody ones. [May 2002, p.94]"
,70,"A solid, expertly realized slice of alternative rock: smart, furious and concise; devoid of any hip-hop influences or electronica underpinnings; informed by punk but with an adolescent kind of lust for heavy-metal riffs."
,69,"An album that emerges as a solid, infectious effort, but eventually collapses under its own weight, unable to keep all its stylistic efforts coherent."
,60,"While there is much to recommend this disc, Moth would be wise to develop a more distinctive voice."
,60,"This is Fountains of Wayne or the Church with real power in their power pop. [Apr/May 2002, p.116]"
,60,"They're fresh and clean, delivering spiky cut riffs while lyrics are unpretentious about love and heartbreak."
,60,"There are moments when you wish for just a tiny bit of dirt, or just a little bit of edge."

,100,"Rings Around The World takes another twelve bold strides forward, applying the technology explored on earlier efforts like Radiator and Guerrilla and the restraint exercised on the more lo-fi Mwng to a fresh set of songs that stretch the group's stylistic boundaries and provide the young century with one of its first classic albums."
,100,"A truly brilliant recording. [#53, p.93]"
,100,"SFA's first truly flawless album.... Sad, lush, romantic, beautiful, heartbroken, crazy, this is an album powerful enough to make you shout out loud in public or cry alone at night. [Aug 2001, p.96]"
,91,"Unfortunately, that extraordinary core is at times marred by forced eccentricity."
,90,"Rings Around the World might be stylistically all over the place, and some people may think it sounds like Super Furry Animals are desperately trying to show the world how clever they are, but it's so much fun to listen to, that it hardly matters. It's a near-perfect album, and we all should be thankful there are bands out there willing to throw everything they've got into a record just to see what happens."
,90,"Nearly everything is fair game with the group, and that's what makes this release one of their better ones."
,90,"Beyond the shiny surface of these songs lurks an unusual wealth of detail decorating the landscape through which the Furries power, scattering verse after chorus after verse at breathtaking speed."
,90,"Rings Around the World flows extraordinarily well, making it all the more powerful."
,90,"SFA uses 21st-century tools to achieve pop timelessness."
,90,"Given its songs' consistent strength, Rings' extravagant extras rarely seem excessive. [Apr 2002, p.125]"
,89,"Their best album to date-- a bold claim to the upper echelon of rock."
,80,"This is the first SFA album not to progress from its predecessor, or offer the shock of the new, and that's hard not to miss -- but, if this is the first SFA record you hear, it'll likely intrigue, even dazzle, with its kaleidoscopic blend of pop, prog, punk, psych and electronica."
,80,"A widescreen musical masterpiece with a knowing wink. [28 Mar 2002, p.68]"
,80,"The Super Furries have indulgently embraced a collision of musical elements; what we hear is a jarring, yet surprisingly seamless, mix of sounds and exceptional songwriting.... Their best work to date."
,80,"A triumph of style and content, a precious thing and proof positive that acid is well good for you."
,80,"Yes, it's an earful of music, but it's a good earful, with more smarts, twists, turns and ear-pleasing trickery than one band should be allowed."
,70,"There's no doubt their musical literacy is impressive, but for every cliche it erases, Rings Around The World embraces two more. [May 2002, p.98]"
,70,"This kind of sonic bravado is truly impressive. [May 2002, p.72]"
,60,"It's not, as has been signalled, Super Furries' best album. It's their worst. That's still aeons better than most other left-of-centre alternative British pop bands, but it's nonetheless a disappointment."
,60,"Unless you've just fallen off a bong, the endless whimsy lacks meat. [Apr/May 2002, p.118]"
,60,"Aurally, Super Furry Animals are evolving into a hybrid of Blur and The Cardiacs. (Drawing) Rings Around The World, Shoot Doris Day and Presidential Suite are excellent, most of the remainder pass muster, but there's nothing to change anyone's world."

,80,"Fresh, funny and unpredictable. [Apr 2002, p.72]"
,80,"Everyone will say this sounds like Beck, but at the last count Beck would be lucky to sound like Eels."
,80,"More than just a sick joke, Souljacker is a rocking, thought-provoking journey."
,80,"Eclectic, electric and at times rather hectic, 'Souljacker' is without doubt the Eels finest release to date."
,80,"The whole album rocks. [#53, p.74]"
,80,"Souljacker is as strong as any of Eels previous albums, but even crawling through the muck there is a lot more joy and life here than heard before."
,80,"The mix of spite, beauty and pain in here is compelling and repulsive all at once."
,80,"While Souljacker is not exactly a great leap forward for the band, it is a satisfying continuum from the superb Daisies Of The Galaxy."
,70,"From the blues-based grit and spit of the opening track to the messy distortion throughout, Souljacker launches an all-out attack on familiar Eels themes -- insecurity, loneliness, despair -- but this time from a more universal standpoint."
,70,"'Souljacker''s songs rock harder than most of E's nu-metal enemies."
,70,"The group's most spirited and rock-oriented record to date."
,67,"Taken as a whole, Souljacker comes off so bleak it overwhelms the album's strengths, like its memorably catchy melodies and sonically brilliant tracks."
,60,"Strange stuff, but oddly appealing. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.111]"
,60,"As with the band's previous albums, Souljacker bristles with pop euphoria and cracking production... but just like those previous albums, Souljacker ultimately falls a bit flat over the course of its extended running time."
,49,"A band that displays a fine grasp of orchestral pop and baroque studio flourishes on some tracks should be delivering something better than Souljacker."
,40,"The whole back half of Souljacker drops into a range between plain bad and plain vanilla with only the occasional standard deviation above musically amusing."

,90,"Make no mistake, 'Don't Be Afraid Of Love' is so much more ambitious and downright joyful than we had any right to expect that it's a flooring jolt to the system long after the first listen."
,80,"Slick samples and buoyant melodies are in, dissonant atmospherics pretty much out. [Feb 2002, p.111]"
,70,"If there's one downside to Don't Be Afraid of Love it's that the record is a bit schizophrenic, as the jump from style to style is bumpy at times."
,70,"It successfully pins down black American sources, though it's occasionally marred by dated production. [Mar 2002, p.97]"
,70,"The Lo-Fi's are still operating more than competently, but this time round they're not likely to blow any minds."
,70,"The U.K.'s Lo Fidelity Allstars are having the genre-smashing time of their lives. [Apr 2002, p.78]"
,67,"There's a heavy, unmistakably classic funk groove to much of the material here."
,60,"What may be most surprising here is that the Allstars have dipped their toes into the previously uncharted waters of pop songs. [Mar 2002, p.116]"
,60,"A pretty wild ride, but it's not always clear where they're headed. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.112]"
,60,"Overall, 'Don't Be Afraid...' is a tad frustrating. Everything ticks along funkily and proficiently, but nothing really wants to stick out."

,90,"Feels like a jam session--bluesy keyboard lines and guitar riffs busk with soul-inflected harmonies, world-music percussion and complex, exotic rhythms. [Apr 2002, p.68]"
,90,"Injecting the best aspects of Americana to Bragg's inherently British approach makes this one of the early contenders for folk-rock album of the year."
,80,"As his politics become more complex, his writing has grown subtler, the melodies more sophisticated and the lyrics more richly detailed. [#53, p.72]"
,80,"An album that proves he's worthy of the legacy he cherishes. [Apr 2002, p.102]"
,80,"As ever, he's on point, and brilliant."
,78,"The Blokes have evolved into a dynamite backup band, folding Bragg's own lyrics into tight jams at every opportunity."
,70,"This is Billy Bragg as known and loved by many. The difference comes from the never more buoyant Blokes. [Mar 2002, p.114]"
,70,"England's exoticism is offset by plenty of tough and tender ballads, and even the most stridently worldbeat numbers are joyous, well-made, and never patronizing. [Apr 2002, p.117]"
,60,"The result is almost entirely vaudevillian. [Mar 2002, p.116]"
,50,"His pontification gets in the way of his songwriting."
,50,"Unfortunately, his own lyrics are best when they're intimate and pointed, which they rarely are here."
,50,"Bragg and The Blokes' delivery sounds just as dated as the social traditions they lampoon."
,40,"Here the pleas and tirades strive heavy-handedly, little aided by the Blokes' equally unsubtle barroom marches. [Apr/May 2002, p.112]"
,40,"While his rhetoric remains fiery, the material is weak."
,30,"This is a genuinely dreadful album."
,30,"Lyrically, I suspect that part of the problem is rust, while part of the problem is age  a song about bumping into an ex-girlfriend, then coming home to tell the wife about it ('Jane Allen') just doesn't stick to the ribs, while the more overtly political numbers feel heavy-handed and preachy."

,83,"The slow-motion funk of the previously unreleased 'Ghost Train' alone makes it worth the sticker price."
,70,"It shouldn't work, but it does - perhaps, because, for once Albarn doesn't sound like he's trying too hard."
,70,"While each of the nine tracks exhibits that Gorillaz irreverence and typically taut sense of rhythm, the standout is the rumbling 'Ghost Train.'"
,70,"Taken collectively the new tracks here demonstrate the uniqueness of the Gorillaz sound and the vision shared by the group's creators and the musicians who bring it all to life."
,70,"The cuts resonate with more creativity and originality than most stuff on the shelves. [Apr 2002, p.82]"
,70,"Most of these re-workings preserve the essential nature of the songs; the producers know enough to stay out of the way."
,70,"Whilst any fan will probably have all these tracks already, 'G Sides' acts as a nifty companion piece to the album and looks ace too."
,60,"It holds its own, just. [May 2002, p.114]"
,60,"This madcap comp is a blast. [May 2002, p.120]"
,50,"Even the core audience may find this somewhere between a gee whizz and gee swizz. [Jun 2002, p.110]"
,40,"Offers few joys beyond the witty title. [Apr/May 2002, p.114]"

,80,"The Rev is still peddling a buoyant mix of rockabilly, surf and cow-punk aimed at covering life's sinful little pleasures. [Apr 2002, p.98]"
,80,"For his eighth album, he has returned to renowned metal producer Ed Stasium, who delivers both high-impact guitar and sufficient clarity for enjoyment of Heat's droll way with words. [Apr 2002, p.120]"
,70,"Speed rock, Gretsch guitar thunder and frontman heroics give this rockabilly cat his claws. [#54, p.102]"
,67,"He may be preaching to the choir at this point, but with rejuvenated style and without those annoying excursions into cocktail swing."
,60,"Although it peters out in its last 10 minutes, Lucky 7 is a workmanlike and thrilling if unadventurous addition to Heat's fiery catalog, and provides him with more fuel for his explosive gigs."
,58,"The good stuff aside, if hard whiskey, hard women and aboveground pools aren't your thing-- and I would imagine not-- it's tough to recommend Lucky 7."
,50,"The problem is that the band seems to have switched onto autopilot when writing these songs."
,50,"Humour takes too firm a hold as the band play on, creating the probably unfair feeling that this is just a light tribute to old, inspired sounds. [May 2002, p.108]"

,91,"Sing-along melodies and breezy hooks are strewn throughout."
,91,"A gem, with sunny three-part harmonies and songs that sound familiar in the best way."
,80,"Its hard to think of too many contemporary bands that are making such unapologetically sunny, pop-tinged rock and roll."
,73,"But the thing is, somewhere between all the vamping and forced attempts at being hip and irreverent, they found the time to write and record a fine record."
,70,"12 tracks of fun, lighthearted rock tunes that are each instantly hummable."
,60,"Their pure pop rock is both uncomplicated and uninhibited. [June 2002, p.120]"
,60,"Given a choice between listenable power-pop by nobodies and the same product by cult movie stars, who's going to say no to a little glitter?"
,60,"The Guest, for all its flaws, is wise beyond the years of the musicians who made it."
,50,"The Guest is merely OK, a power-pop record whose songs seem catchy while they're playing but don't make a lasting impression."

,91,"Even when the forced pronunciations turn gauche, she remains a good egg who's not afraid to put herself on the line."
,90,"Although 2002 is still young, consider Under Rug Swept one of the year's best."
,80,"With its uncomfortable candour, Under Rug Swept is a serious business."
,80,"The music flows, the production doesn't overplay its hand, it's pleasingly melodic, tempering tempers the extremities of Jagged Little Pill while retaining the character and, as such, it's easy to groove on the sound without listening to the words."
,80,"Under Rug Swept is Alanis Morissette in top form, exercising her God-given right to vent and sound beautiful doing so."
,80,"Is Under Rug Swept as good as Jagged Little Pill? Ultimately, no. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.108]"
,70,"The good news is that despite the excess verbiage (which at least is hardly a shock), this is a Good Album."
,70,"The processed guitar-based tracks on Rug don't quite rollick or shimmer, but with Alanis it's the lyrics, not the music, that count. [Apr 2002, p.114]"
,70,"Alanis is back on course and heading in the right direction."
,67,"Her stream-of-conscious lyrics about self-esteem and troubled relationships are just more of the same medicine that went down better with 1995's Jagged Little Pill."
,60,"As the disc progresses, her caustic diatribes against men get harder to take."
,60,"Astonishingly, her own production makes much of this guff zing along with dirty guitars or big drum beats and improbably insinuating choruses. [Apr 2002, p.100]"
,60,"Under Rug Swept just about drowns in psychobabble."
,58,"The album's garbled title is preparation for some of the clumsiest lyrics to be heard on a pop record in years."
,40,"Morissette seems unwilling to step into unfamiliar territory."
,40,"Her personal revelations too often ring false and crass, and nothing undermines a confession like calculation."
,30,"This record moves way beyond armchair psychology - in fact, there are armchairs that have a cannier grasp of the mind."
,30,"Time and again she comes across as the glum, joyless, self-centered sophomore with the dog-eared copy of 'The Bell Jar' in her Hello Kitty backpack."
,30,"I'm just not sure that pop music should come out of a thesaurus."
,30,"Chiefly consists of lumpen and joyless AOR rock, with a few rhythm loops to give an illusion of modernity. [Apr 2002, p.104]"

,80,"Both familiar and new."
,75,"Cake and Pie suffers from the preciousness and antiseptic production that hampered Loeb in the past."
,70,"Loeb slides into head-scratching silliness, but not often enough to deflate a surprisingly good Cake and Pie."
,60,"As a singer, she remains pleasant and confident, but not so unique or fiery that she burns into the synapses as well as the best storytelling songwriters do."
,58,"She fails to bake any new ideas, leaving us with the same old sad love songs and confused-girl anthems that the Texas torchbearer has always churned out."
,50,"There are tracks on Cake and Pie that suggest Loeb might have been a badass had she realized herself when boofy bangs and women with lightning-bolt guitars were defining pop."
,40,"Though Loeb can weave a pleasant, elaborate melody, her originality wavers. [Apr/May 2002, p.115]"

,90,"As spectacularly successful as the Tindersticks have been in their tribute to the horror of Trouble Every Day, I'm hoping for a lighter confection from their next collaboration with Denis -- something more along the lines of Nenette et Boni."
,80,"This music is beautiful enough to stand alone."
,80,"Tindersticks create an elegant and unsettling collection of small mood pieces that stand miles apart from anything else you are likely to hear at the local multiplex."
,50,"[The title track is] a fantastic storm-brewing, brass-stabbing, Nelson Riddle-goes-Tom-Waits, claustrophobic blues number.... It's not worth buying this album for, however, since the rest of it's made up of frustratingly minimalist snatches of music."
,40,"An elegant soundtrack, but not much of an album. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.116]"
,40,"Many tracks are meaningless in isolation.[#184, p.146]"

,80,"An album which feels like a hand-me-down from a ghost."
,80,"What sets Beautysleep apart from any of her previous records is that her voice is front and center, and stronger than ever."
,80,"May well be Donelly's definitive post-Belly work."
,80,"A wicked, weathered stream of sinewy, shadowy songs. [Mar 2002, p.102]"
,80,"At times strong, at other times vulnerable, and invariably honest, Donelly both affirms and fulfills the promise of her songwriting talent with Beauty Sleep."
,70,"Donelly focuses on tunes that enter your head with a determination to stay for the long term."
,69,"Beautysleep's weakness is that so many songs are pretty instead of awe-inspiring-- that she gives us only a little greatness."
,60,"Donelly shows more confidence in her dreaminess than ever. [Apr/May 2002, p.113]"
,60,"A few tracks sound blunt and under-realised, but mostly this is the sound of a champion artist getting good again. [Mar 2002, p.116]"
,40,"Beautysleep veers from the exquisite (Keeping You) to the frustratingly bland (Moonbeam Monkey), with single The Storm the main highlight."
,40,"An album full of songs so lethargic, it sounds like it needs a nap halfway through. [Apr 2002, p.71]"

,80,"The band continues with a strong electronic feel without compromising the integrity of good, raw musicianship."
,70,"Save for a few heavy-handed tracks, such as the lame religion-as-porn clunker 'Blue Movie' and the drag of 'Loreta Young Silks,' the disc offers a satisfyingly rich aural texture."
,70,"The crunchy guitars that underpinned some of the tracks on X are now up front, giving the whole collection the feel of early Manchester bands like Happy Mondays. [Feb 2002, p.74]"
,60,"For the most part Bloodsport is carried by a snaking seductive beat and slow-burning, almost sinister melodies that would make Dave Gahan proud."
,58,"Once a trip-hop outfit with a female singer, [Sneaker Pimps are] now a mopey synth-pop quartet aimed at everyone's hidden goth teen. [3 May 2002, p.88]"
,40,"Has only occasional flashes of inspiration. [Jan 2002, p.107]"
,40,"Further success should elude them. That, it seems, is firmly restricted to the past."
,40,"Less experimental, less distinctive, and definitely missing the production finesse of Nellee Hooper, Bloodsport suffers musically from a lack of imagination and vocally from Chris Corner's surprisingly post-grunge style of delivery."
,30,"Sounds like a watered-down Pearl Jam spiked with a drum machine and a couple of extra synths. [Feb 2002, p.123]"

,90,"Sounds utterly contemporary even as it harks to the band's glory days."
,90,"A record that handily bests anything that they've put out in the last 15 years, and can stand head and shoulders against their best efforts of the '80s."
,80,"Their strongest effort since their strong run in the mid/late-'80s."
,80,"Anachronism never sounded so good. [#53, p.72]"
,70,"Quintessential Church, imbued with an ethereal beauty that characterizes the best of their work.... However, nearly every song runs too long.  [#34, p.61]"
,70,"It is the sound, and grace, that the Church have pursued for more than two decades, and maybe you've heard it before. But you've rarely heard it better. [28 Feb 2002, p.61]"
,60,"More often than not displays a penchant for melody and tension which would shame many of the new millennium's pop pups."
,60,"Fans are well served, but newcomers might tire waiting for the group's charms to percolate. [Feb 2002, p.93]"
,60,"Melodic but samey, the songs flow into each other, creating a relaxing, seamless work that never breaks out of its mold. That said, the musicianship is of such consistently high quality that even the most lackluster tunes are redeemed by the band's innate professionalism."
,40,"Their now drab and dense psychedelia has been 'updated' with the occasional drum machine but is still populated by willowy, damaged girls called Esmeralda and songs with 'chrome' in the title."

,80,"They sound poppy and upbeat and melancholy all at once."
,80,"An album that feels as thrilling to listen to as Definitely Maybe or Parklife."
,80,"A surprisingly assured album."
,80,"'Holes In The Wall' is one of the most impressive debut albums of 2002. Fact."
,70,"An eclectic, highly promising debut."
,70,"It's surprising to see how well Holes in the Wall holds up under the weight of its own hype."
,60,"An auspicious introduction. [March 2002, p.96]"
,60,"The Electric Soft Parade are one of the few young British bands to have successfully navigated the hype and emerged with something genuinely promising."
,60,"Every one of these 12 self-composed, played and produced tracks is absolutely stickled with hooks. [March 2002, p.108]"

,91,"Confirming everything that is great about Tom Rowlands and Ed Simons, Come with Us is equal measures driving rhythms and euphoric, widescreen melodies."
,90,"Come With Us transcends the duo's once-signature style, using a diverse palette of sounds and rhythms to create songs most applicable to the big-room dancefloor. [Jan 2002, p.73]"
,90,"It's the sound of musicians realizing how good they are at what they do. And then doing it."
,90,"They've gone one step beyond the underrated Surrender by integrating their two sides: high-octane thrust and airy psychedelic dreaminess. [Feb 2002, p.105]"
,80,"It's not that Come With Us doesn't rock like a jet engine in a jewel case - it does - but it's more striking for the moments when a warped loveliness, like the icy, phased harpsichord gusts of 'Pioneer Skies,' wafts up and out from among the roar of the sirens and sequencers."
,80,"By going back to that almost naive passion for spacious, drawn-out, instrumental dance tracks, the Chemical Brothers have discovered songs again, not just 'tracks.'"
,80,"Some folks are going to be antsy for the Chemical Brothers to move along to the Next Big Thing in electronic music, and Come With Us, while highly successful on its own terms, isn't it."
,80,"A worthy successor to Surrender.... This is dance music that still outstrips anything else in its class. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.113]"
,75,"Tally this time: two heady club anthems, two B-side-ish vocal numbers, and lotsa bonus beats."
,70,"The Chems have returned to the early-'90s acid-house exuberance that first inspired them. [Feb 2002, p.67]"
,70,"'Come With Us' sounds immediately familiar, but this is often problematic, redolent of prior work by both themselves and others."
,70,"Come With Us is too much of a mixed bag to induce a full-length journey; its best experienced in short walkabouts."
,70,"Taken whole, Come With Us shows The Chemical Brothers refreshingly unburdened by the self-conscious climate of the dance world, reasserting its brilliance in the most fleeting and inconsequential ways."
,70,"For the most part it's a genuinely thrilling, energy-charged adventure. [Feb 2002, p.98]"
,70,"Come With Us will doubtlessly electrify their legions of fans and just as effortlessly enrage the condescending cognoscenti that loves to hate them. [#90, p.120]"
,62,"There are certain things they do very well, yet they don't seem to be content with being pigeonholed as one-dimensional. Unfortunately, one-dimensional is about the only thing they can pull off convincingly."
,60,"While good, clean, hedonistic fun, it feels over-familiar, like somewhere you've visited once too often. [Jan 2002, p.97]"
,60,"The reason that 'Come With Us' seems unsatisfying is that The Chemicals no longer seem rooted in club culture the way they were in their Heavenly Social days."
,60,"Though marred by a few missteps, it's mostly enjoyable, if unchallenging."
,50,"Ironically, little on the album captures the imagination the way narrower genres like techno, house, or even hip-hop often do"
,50,"Time to pull out Dig Your Own Hole while the Bros. claw through this current slump, er, evolutional period."
,50,"It's excellently crafted, grandiose and rousing, and right now, it sounds ridiculous."
,50,"Too often, all it offers is the rumble of starting engines. [Feb 2002, p.124]"

,91,"An earthy-meets-outr, smart yet accessible set that proves Lowery's all he's cracked up to be."
,80,"A smart and occasionally gorgeous country-fried rock effort. [Mar 2002, p.77]"
,80,"A truly solid album."
,80,"Co-produced by Sparklehorse's Mark Linkous, much of Forever captures that group's penchant for dense atmospherics."
,80,"Probably Cracker's best album since 1993's Kerosene Hat."
,70,"Cracker sounds like it's having fun again."
,60,"Midway through, the sound of Lowery and co's batteries running down becomes almost audible."
,60,"Rather fine. [Mar 2002, p.95]"
,54,"You've got your acoustic guitar base, your occasional slide guitar fill, your Dylan-esque organ, your chug-a-lug drums, and your mildly catchy melodies. It would be offensive if it wasn't so obvious that Cracker doesn't aspire to much more than this sort of rustic middle-America mediocrity act."

,80,"This is a breath of cognac- and cigarette-scented air on an almost-dead pop scene."
,80,"So it may not be Cocteau Twins II, but it nevertheless is still another top-notch entry in the sound that they created almost two decades ago."
,70,"They so precisely meet your expectations that no matter how good the music might be, you can't help but be disappointed by the sheer dearth of surprises."
,60,"There are few hooks to grab the ear or inspire repeat listening. [Apr 2002, p.86]"

,100,"Their debut drips of melancholy and swims in gorgeous sheets of incidental noise."
,100,"Elbow have made the most passionate, beautiful and downright special record you'll hear this year."
,100,"A dark, moody, hypnotic monumental masterpiece with songs that unfold subtlety from one elaborate texture to the next so that you almost don't notice the marvelous hooks until they have dug their way beneath your skin and buried themselves in your soul."
,90,"Seems that after all the pale imitators, Radiohead finally have a competitor worthy of healthy comparison."
,89,"One of the best debut albums of the last five years."
,80,"Elbow understand how to make an album flow without sacrificing the unexpected turns any good record should have."
,80,"You'll struggle to find any filler on a record that works magnificently as a whole."
,80,"One listen to Asleep in the Back's 'Newborn' invokes a feeling of unmistakable contemplation and a sense of beauty entirely absent from the repertoires of the Oasis and Verves of Brit rock's last generation."
,80,"This is a complex record, full of bleak lyrical themes, but it's also riveting, hypnotic and really very good indeed."
,80,"The tempos might not ever exceed mid-level, and half of the songs might exceed five minutes, but the record is anything but a difficult listen or tough to wade through."
,80,"The band's collective songwriting skills impress frequently."
,80,"Asleep is just enigmatic enough to avoid plagiarism. [Mar 2002, p.77]"
,78,"Elbow is a sad lot, likely to lead to a life of Merlot, Silk Cuts, and a straight razor or two if you don't watch out. They're gorgeous just the same."
,74,"While the band has a very developed sense of texture and sound, though, they rather desperately need to work on changing things up a bit more with regard to the songs themselves."
,70,"More in the vein of Built To Spill's Perfect From Now On than the latest Doves or Travis albums, Asleep is structured as an epic, almost prog-rock album that, once spun, reveals itself as a comfortable listen, containing a number of classic pop songwriting turns within its vastness."
,70,"Everything feels a slight bit too polished, but that's not a huge fault."
,67,"A full hour of dense, moody gloss--difficult listening without the tuneful base that keeps Radiohead anchored. [29 Mar 2002, p.72]"
,60,"Not many of the expansive, leisurely songs on Asleep In The Back stick in the memory once they've ended, but they swoon nicely. [Mar 2002, p.127]"
,60,"Establishing a languorous mood right away, the album is all meandering, low-key moods and textures, with precious few focused songs on which to hang them."

,90,"A phenomenal recording of sonic and lyrical depth. [#53, p.69]"
,83,"The band has energy and urgency anew."
,80,"Brett Gurewitz's return seems to have rejuvenated the band musically."
,80,"A heartening set of high speed melody, humanism and pessimism."
,80,"Sounds more like Bad Religion than any Bad Religion album has in years. [Mar 2002, p.71]"
,80,"A MY-T-FINE punk rock album, chock full of swirling harmonies that came into fashion sometime around the Descendents rise in the mid-1980s."
,80,"The three- guitarist approach brings back the spark and rush of their 1988-'94 peak."
,75,"Catchier melodies and more breathlessly clever wordplay than the band has managed in years."
,70,"The album is solid, though hardly anything spectacular."
,60,"Fourteen throttling songs designed to remind Sum 41's worshippers about the oft-neglected cerebral side of punk."
,60,"A solid, if average, album."
,60,"They still sound as spunky and powerful as they were nearly two decades ago when they kicked off this long-term assault on American culture."
,40,"Plunges right back into oppressively rigid formula."

,67,"The newly user-friendly music means someone other than 12-year-old boys might actually listen to them. [29 Nov 2002, p.106]"
,65,"While the group attacks things with great velocity and singer Chud shreds his larynx at regular intervals, the always difficult follow-up album features actual melodies and mature textures that make the band's eventual transformation into a progressive rock band nearly inevitable."
,60,"The musicians still churn out standard-issue heavy metal thrash  la Metallica to support Chd's nihilistic pronouncements, usually sung in an enraged howl."
,40,"The End is rather ordinary--severe, belligerent riffs and vocals that sound as though singer Chud gargles molten lava. [#12, p.148]"
,40,"Enjoy the band's extraterrestrial makeover; it's far more amusing than the music."
,30,"No. [Jan 2003, p.99]"

,80,"Napolitano's lyrics exemplify the 'perfect turn of word' for which she praises Bryan Ferry in a tribute song called Roxy. [Jan 2002, p.98]"
,80,"[A] moody, edgy album. [Mar 2002, p.104]"
,80,"The magic is still there. [#53, p.73]"
,75,"Though it's no 'Bloodletting,' it does make for a satisfying reminder of that masterpiece."
,75,"Offers too much mid-tempo moodiness, too little seminal fury. [8 Feb 2002, p.77]"
,67,"The band's playing is mellow and freer than their tenser past outings, and frontwoman Johnette Napolitano's voice remains pleasantly husky. But some of the band's beautifully gritty venom is missing."
,60,"And if the new material never quite achieves Cohesive Statement status, it is a grand, welcome survey of the schizophrenic ingredients that make these three musicians such a compelling animal."
,60,"Though there's little here to entice newcomers, fans should rejoice. [Mar 2002, p.77]"
,50,"There's little here that rises above the prosaic."
,30,"The group's familiar sound returns intact, but the songs just aren't there; most of them fade into a distressing mid-tempo mush while plodding through the paces at half speed."

,90,"Their best album to date. [Apr 2002, p.70]"
,80,"A fantastic new album."
,70,"Although [Future Songs] reveals no radical reinvention, it does see them stretching their creative legs. [Jul 2001, p.96]"
,66,"Lyrics aside, there's nothing distinctly unappealing or half-assed about this album.... It just feels awfully familiar."
,40,"Future Songs is minimalist and alien, haunted and pained: like a bloodless Cocteau Twins."

,91,"Frontman James Walsh channels Jeff Buckley's soaring vocals so perfectly over those lovely acoustic guitars and pianos that you won't be surprised when you hear the band's named after a Tim Buckley album."
,91,"As much as you want to tell [James] Walsh to calm down, this stirring debut wouldn't be half as potent without him. [18 Jan 2002, p.80]"
,90,"Sure, Starsailor may be part of bloated hype-fest, but it's important to remember that sometimes things get hyped because they deserve it."
,80,"Starsailor back up their hype with a debut album worthy of more than a few cursory spins. [Feb 2002, p.80]"
,80,"Starsailor have produced a debut album of real emotional depth."
,80,"Each song soars with intricate musicianship and melodic lushness."
,80,"Their debut bears the hallmarks of carefully assembled, widescreen pop-rock."
,80,"Starsailor is one of those wonderfully rare bands that manages to be gentle and sensitive while also rocking admirably."
,70,"'Love Is Here' actually manages to deliver on all that early promise and, more than any of the singles that preceded it, completely conjures up the giant-hearted beauty they're capable of live."
,70,"Similar to the Radiohead-lite maneuvers of fellow Brits Coldplay, the bright spots (of which there are a fair share) are dulled by the facsimile presentation."
,63,"The band, while heavy on charm, is light in its ability to demonstrate any diversity in its songs."
,60,"Starsailor are the U.K. equivalent of the Goo Goo Dolls.... You may well like Love Is Here, but it could take a while before you admit it to yourself."
,60,"'Love Is Here' - expansively, expensively produced, lavish yet aspiring to understatement (if such a contradiction can be accepted) and containing some affecting songs - is a pretty good record."
,60,"Love Is Here is juvenalia -- persuasive, and suggesting greatness should the band have the courage (or the license) to cut loose. [Nov 2001]"
,60,"Love Is Here radiates as-yet-unfulfilled potential, like the work of a band going through the motions to get its foot in the door."
,60,"If there's a fault here, it's in the slightly hand-wringing lyrics, which, of not overwrought, are certainly pretty darned wrought. [#4, p.123]"
,57,"Love Is Here isn't bad, and its prospect for radio play is far more appealing than, say, Train. The four just don't have the depth of their admitted influences."
,50,"The worst mistake you can make is to write off this band as just another sappy, sentimental Brit-pop effort, because you'd miss out on supreme moments of emotional clarity that far outweigh the muddier, more overwrought mistakes."
,50,"Although much of the record re-verses and re-crafts melodies in the same vein, there are a few gems that can't be missed."

,83,"The disc is bubbling with techno effects, a loose interpretation of Jamaican production and a (welcome) severe case of ADD."
,83,"This beat-heavy quickie turns out to be the best album they've ever hatched."
,80,"Sure to convince doubters and win new fans, the set roars with the sort of fire rarely seen from a group with four albums under its belt."
,80,"Beneath all that veneer, the band sticks to its guns. [Jan 2002, p.105]"
,70,"Refusing to settle into one definition, No Doubt is vibrant and full of life here, even if the heights it reaches for aren't always achieved."
,70,"About half of 'Rock Steady' is just great, a career salvage job to compare with Madonna 's 'Ray Of Light'."
,70,"Not since Aqua has a group of cartoon-fixated, stylistically scatterbrained lunatics sounded so entertaining. [Feb 2002, p.121]"
,70,"The scattershot recording technique seems erratic for a quartet of chums who've spent upwards of fifteen years gelling together, and most of the rock tracks like 'Hella Good' and 'Platinum Blonde Life' suffer from a mix of overproduction and lack of urgency; missing is the California garage band vibe that was the trademark of their earlier, more energetic material."
,60,"Everything its predecessor wasn't: bouncy, joyful, carefree, and mostly engaging."
,60,"It doesn't strictly feel like a No Doubt album at all."
,60,"It is hard to tell where No Doubt starts and the producers end."
,60,"Brash and enjoyable. [Apr 2002, p.106]"
,60,"By manically pinballing between ideas, Rock Steady soon flirts with disaster. [Dec 2001, p.119]"
,60,"Offers something for everyone -- and ends up an intermittently engaging but overall shapeless collection. [#4, p.112]"
,50,"Rock Steady certainly isn't that good, and at times it's rather bad (usually when Ocasek gets a bit Cars). But it does have its moments, most of which come at the hands of [co-producer Nellee] Hooper..."

,91,"Smash Mouth keep getting better and better. [7 Dec 2001, p.104]"
,70,"More eclectic than its predecessors, this self-titled CD finds the group spiking its feel-good melodies and crunchy guitar pop with interesting stylistic detours, and even smatterings of emotional depth."
,67,"With so much soundtrack and jingle work to be done, who can really blame these marketing all-stars for playing to their past successes?"
,60,"Goofy, head-bobbingly hummable."
,60,"Cool people probably think this sort of utilitarian grab bag dumbs down Beck-like eclecticism. But maybe it didn't take such a genius to come up with it in the first place. [Jan 2001, p.109]"
,60,"Even though there's nothing new, the album offers enough in the way of big-beat guitar and sing-along choruses to keep Smash Mouth on the charts for another two years. [#4, p.123]"
,60,"As always, Smash Mouth is all but impossible to hate, offsetting its bald-faced mercenary intentions with a refreshing lack of pretension."

,100,"Track after solid track, 'Motherland' is a collection of pure, soulful offerings."
,83,"Merchant has achieved a lovely balance of art and craft."
,80,"She has never sounded so earthy, so bluesy, so soulful."
,80,"The thread which binds is Merchant's seductive, bittersweet voice, something which quickly finds the richer you, than nourishes it. [Dec 2001, p.104]"
,80,"Natalie Merchant has made an album of elemental beauty... she's never sounded better. [Jan 2002, p.140]"
,75,"These tunes don't have the big melodic hooks of 'Wonder' or 'Jealousy,' but that doesn't lessen their beauty. [16 Nov 2001, p.172]"
,60,"At times her dark warnings about the devil and bluesy intonation sound affected, but full marks for trying out new ground. [Dec 2001, p.127]"
,60,"Like her two previous solo records, Merchant's stately gloom is the stuff of pretension and precision, and her serviceably beautiful voice comes off as either darkly charming or annoyingly lilting (sometimes both at the same time)."

,100,"This album contains just eight tracks--but each one of them is a testament to the unshakable power of the group."
,90,"These eight tracks positively bristle with energy and exuberance."
,83,"Why limit this disc to just 40 minutes? [7 Dec 2001, p.105]"
,80,"'I Might Be Wrong' is Radiohead trashing the notion that 'Kid A' and 'Amnesiac' were difficult and sterile studio bound affairs."
,80,"It's amazing that a band renowned for studio wizardry can succeed at duplicating, much less eclipsing, its magic onstage. [Jan 2002, p.76]"
,80,"Its charms are bound up with the subtle pleasures of listening to these songs anew and re-understanding their make-up. [#184, p.127]"
,80,"While some moments are absolutely stellar, I Might Be Wrong is only a shadow of what a Radiohead live album could have been."
,80,"'I Might Be Wrong' sounds significantly better than both of the studio albums that spawned it."
,80,"Far from the usual collision of greatest hits and 'Hello, Cleveland'-type bluster. [#4, p.122]"
,80,"If their recent studio work has been distinguished by additive, layer-by-layer composition, in concert Radiohead's magic comes from subtraction: The elegy 'Like Spinning Plates' relies almost entirely on Yorke's famously anguished voice."
,70,"Such uniformly dark material makes one long for a tune or two to lighten the vibe."
,70,"Though marred by characteristically unrevealing packaging and inexplicable brevity, I Might Be Wrong casts new light on the band's much-examined recent material"
,70,"Sounds how Radiohead should sound live: brutal (the cacophonous sample layering in Everything in its Right Place), catchy (the bass line of I Might Be Wrong), danceable (the beats on Idioteque) and mesmerizing (the simplicity of True Love Waits)."
,60,"A vague air of missed opportunity hangs over this frustratingly short snapshot. [Dec 2001, p.124]"
,60,"An uneven and incoherent set of 'Kid A Sessions' material that is sometimes strong but sometimes uninspired."
,40,"It's a puzzler.... Given brilliant execution, no doubt we'd still have come out with out hands up. Instead, it's patchy and the worst comes first. [Dec 2001, p.114]"

,83,"Eagle-Eye's sharp and buoyant melodies prevent him from sliding into redundancy. [2 Nov 2001, p.78]"
,50,"Most of Future/Present dabbles in drab mainstream pop, with songs ranging from fairy-tale cute to charmless good tunes that are weighed down by overwrought production."
,40,"The results are disappointingly uneven. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.103]"
,40,"By the time Present/Future reaches the halfway mark, Cherry has pretty much played out his hand in a weary show of repetitive music and uninspiring lyrics."

,100,"A warm serving of elegant late-night ballads that infuse acoustic and pedal-steel guitars with back-porch rhythms and arrangements."
,100,"It's magical and mysterious, compelling and complex."
,90,"There's a narcotic quality to these drifting ballads, one that perfectly suits these shell shocked, terrorised times.  As the world gears up for the Apocalypse, I shall take comfort in Bavarian Fruit Bread -- a very haunting, beautiful record. [Nov 2001]"
,90,"Consistently intriguing, haunting and above all, very good. [Dec 2001, p.94]"
,80,"Sounds like one long song of wheezing harmonium and heavily echoed, slightly out-of-tune vocals."
,80,"Slower than slow, softer than soft, the songs acquire an accumulative resonance. [Dec 2001, p.116]"
,70,"The song structures are Mazzy-like acoustic webs that gingerly frame her longings. [Dec 2001, p.162]"
,70,"Bavarian Fruit Bread comes with the same warning as most of the winter season's baked goods -- it's rich, warm and full of flavor, but overindulgence will result in unplanned napping."
,70,"'Bavarian Fruit Bread' represents a towering piece of morphine-induced self-indulgence."
,70,"Her built-in fanbase will exult in the sulky ruminations found here. [#52, p.101]"
,60,"The glacial tones and chimes that the Velvet Underground modelled on Sunday Morning are invoked once too often.  But, beyond this, Sandoval's sedated, spellbound voice remains a remarkable presence. [Nov 2001]"
,60,"Sandoval has a voice quite unlike almost any other and perfectly suited to stark, narcoleptic laments, which is what this, with a couple of curious-if-brief instrumental diversions, delivers on a regular basis."
,56,"Like all of Mazzy Star's releases, Bavarian Fruit Bread works well as a mood piece and makes good background music, but it doesn't reward close listening."
,50,"Over the course of 12 tracks and almost 50 minutes of music, there are hardly any dynamics to hold the listener's attention."
,50,"Sandoval's overly stylised vocals really start to grate over the distance of a whole LP. [#213, p.65]"

,80,"Wake Up... is the set of inspired anthems they needed to deliver in '96. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.103]"
,80,"Whatever angst might have settled under the surface has been swept clean and in its place a jubilant spiritual quest in is place."
,70,"This record is strictly Music For Adults, with songs about kids and real love and life.... Essentially, it is soothing background music for troubled times."
,60,"Marks a slight improvement from 1999's Bury The Hatchet. [Nov 2001, p.79]"
,60,"So, even if it's wrapped in new clothing, this is essentially a return to basics, and it's a welcome one, since it's melodic, stately, and somber."
,60,"Charming, if slight."
,58,"The band sounds strong but derivative of its own best work."
,50,"The dearth of memorable melodies ruins the once-successful formula."
,42,"It's official: Dolores O'Riordan is rock's most vapid lyricist. [26 Oct 2001, p.125]"

,83,"The lyrics are as trite and cheesy as ever, but age and playing house with No Doubt's Gwen Stefani have mellowed model-esque frontman Rossdale."
,80,"'Golden State' is easily the band's most accomplished record and should stand as one of the best British rock albums of 2001."
,80,"Golden State is, inevitably, rather good."
,75,"Another sturdy set of radio-ready rock. [26 Oct 2001, p.124]"
,70,"Whatever its negligible shortcomings, Golden State at least serves to inject a depth of vision to what formerly was a rather one-dimensional musical entity."
,63,"The album may not break much new ground, but the band's performance is more dynamic than on previous releases."
,60,"There is little on Golden State to differentiate it from its predecessors. [Dec 2001, p.76]"
,60,"Golden State merely sounds like Bush--not as buffed as 1999's The Science of Things, but slicker than 1996's Razorblade Suitcase. [Dec 2001, p.152]"
,60,"This is a return to the sound of Sixteen Stone, complete with big, grandiose production propelled by ballsy grunge riffs and real hooks in the guitars and vocals."
,50,"Gavin Rossdale's delicious rasp is still unequivocally sexy, but his melodies are rote versions of the same old song."
,30,"Sadly, nothing about the unspectacular Golden State will save them from the Where Are They Now? file."

,80,"The arrangements are so flush with guitar hooks and buoyant harmonies that these tunes are entertaining even when they're not catchy. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.108]"
,60,"Some arena-pleasing riffs, a couple of polished acoustic numers and everyone goes home happy. [Apr 2002, p.114]"
,60,"It's not something that will convert doubters, but it's done well and performed with conviction"
,60,"On Atomic, the band unveils a sharper pop-rock sound, one that's so infectiously catchy that you'll feel like an inoculation is in order."
,50,"Record buyers will find nothing as good on Atomic as the breakout bubblegum slacker-punk of 'My Own Worst Enemy.'"
,50,"Aneurysm drumming and Offsprung power chords mimic the tiffs of teenage L-U-V. [Nov 2001, p.129]"

,91,"Obviously it's not perky enough, funky enough either, but their best (and third) album in 15 years (and probably last ever) sounds an awful lot like what kids today call pop."
,91,"New Order roll out that trademark sound again, and it's never sounded stronger or more vigorous.... A stunning and confident return to form. [19 Oct 2001, p.80]"
,88,"Demonstrates a virility missing from [1993's 'Republic']."
,83,"The best tracks--'Crystal' and 'Turn My Way'--sound like they were recorded in 1987."
,80,"Even for fans not needing much convincing, Get Ready is a 'grower,' an album whose focus on sublime songcraft and introverted delivery reveals its secrets slowly and after many listens."
,80,"They may have been apart for eight years, but less than a minute into opening track, 'Crystal', they've slotted back into their own idiosyncratic groove and the years are pouring off them.... Being in New Order never sounded like half as much fun as it does here."
,80,"New Order have made better records than this, but not many with such an emotional charge and the expansive noise to carry it off.... Get Ready is the sound of a great band breaking free of their past before your ears. Whod have thought it?"
,80,"Well, it's not 'Low Life' or 'Technique' but there's at least seven welcome additions to the New Order canon and in the thrilling 'Crystal' and poignant 'Run Wild', a brace of bona fide classics."
,80,"Both a regressive return to form and a progressive triumph."
,80,"New Order are one of the best bands in the world again."
,78,"Get Ready is one of New Order's better works, and that's saying a lot."
,76,"Finds them as able as ever, playing as though they'd never been gone, and offering their most organic album in ages."
,70,"Negotiate Steve Osborne's rather dated stadium Techno-rock production, and there's plenty to stimulate here... [#211, p.70]"
,70,"Solid pop sensibility... [Nov 2001, p.89]"
,70,"Get Ready follows through fully on the promise of 'Crystal.'"
,70,"Get Ready succeeds in feeling like a New Order record despite all its new flavors. [Sep 2001, p.86]"
,70,"A catchy, beautiful album that looks to the past but refuses to be burdened by it."
,70,"True, only '60 Miles an Hour' sounds like a candidate for New Order's pantheon of hallowed singles; still, Get Ready might be the group's most consistent album from top to bottom."
,60,"From a new band, Get Ready would seem like an accomplished if uneven effort."
,60,"Think 1993's hit 'Regret,' but with tougher guitars, rockier grooves and a more up vibe. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.113]"
,50,"Get Ready has all the charm of those Old Navy ads we keep seeing on the telly. [#11]"
,50,"Ultimately, the four-on-the-floor rhythm and riffing quickly become repetitive, blunting Get Ready's impact."
,40,"Neither as bad as you might fear nor as good as you might hope."
,30,"Much of Get Ready is less a call to arms than the sound of an old man wheezing out of a creaky armchair. [Sep 2001, p.108]"

,80,"This wry examination of life and love and growing older might be some of his best work yet."
,80,"Lilac6 is as effortlessly subtle and debonair as 1999's reformation album."
,80,"Like the band's best '80s output, Lilac6 is the work of a bona fide songsmith. [Nov 2001, p.108]"
,80,"Imagine a less sardonic John Wesley Harding, prone to occasional bouts of husky, Peter Gabriel-style vocal sincerity, and you'll have the basic idea."
,80,"A smart, sensitive blend of head and heart."
,80,"Pleasantly pastoral. [Nov 2001, p.86]"
,75,"Lilac6 is a much more musically upbeat album... and features a crop of enjoyable, summery pop songs that are hard to argue with in the middle of winter."

,100,"Simply put, Strokes have every quality rock'n'roll requires from its finest exponents and Is This It is where they come together."
,100,"It makes the case for some long-forgotten virtues: fast songs, staccato chords, songs about trysts in squalid apartments. You know, the good stuff."
,100,"What matters, what it all boils down to, is The Strokes write incredibly powerful songs, and those who allow the media -- or better yet their reaction to the media, what I call the anti media -- to influence their opinions are missing out."
,91,"The Strokes' privileged formalism is annoying, so too their delight in romantic dysfunction. But they're smarter than the playa haters who aren't smart enough to target these blatant shortcomings."
,91,"''Is This It'' bows down before all the trademarks of pre-1977 rock: off-kilter guitar solos, half-buried vocals ( la ''Louie, Louie''), attitude-heavy slurring (by singer Julian Casablancas), primitive tom-tom rhythms (shades of the Velvets' Moe Tucker), and the raw, muddy sonics of garage-band 45s."
,91,"The Strokes are not deities. Nor are they 'brilliant,' 'awe-inspiring,' or 'genius.' They're a rock band, plain and simple. And if you go into this record expecting nothing more than that, you'll probably be pretty pleased."
,90,"Able to make the timeworn themes of sex, drugs, and rock & roll and the basic guitars-drum-bass lineup seem new and vital again, the Strokes may or may not be completely arty and calculated, but that doesn't prevent Is This It? from being an exciting, compulsively listenable debut..."
,90,"Plenty of bands have hooks and good songs and retro-garage sounds, but none compares to The Strokes."
,90,"Delivers the goods in spades. [Nov 2001, p.94]"
,90,"Guitar rock that knows the grit of downtown, understands the seductiveness of a timeless pop song, and recognizes that a great solo can be accomplished in 20 seconds, Is This It may not quite justify its ascent to instant-classic status."
,90,"Not since Oasis in their gloriously unstoppable and unapologetic heyday have we been given the opportunity to embrace such straight-ahead, ebullient, desire-fuelled guitar music."
,90,"This album is jaunty, scruffy, carefree and accomplished."
,89,"No chips or cracks in this debut's silly-grin inducing veneer, just one short, sharp jolt of postmodern skank."
,88,"Hype for the Strokes is well deserved--it's hard to imagine a more vital American rock band."
,85,"Comparisons aside, though, the Strokes do cultivate a sound that's enough theirs to make me wonder what their second and third albums will sound like."
,83,"It's a welcome change to the current hard-rock juggernaut."
,80,"If you like one Strokes song, you'll like their whole album."
,80,"The biggest draw is the Iggy-Jagger sexual charisma of 22-year-old singer Julian Casablancas, whose self-possessed cool is astonishing. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.130]"
,80,"For now, the Strokes have mastered their style; they have yet to come up with the substance to match it.... But the music leaves no doubts - more joyful and intense than anything else I've heard this year."
,80,"Casablancas is all old-school rocker in the Mick Jagger/Chris Robinson mold -- an ugly/pretty boy out to beg, borrow and bleed for even prettier women while acting like nothing ever satisfies."
,80,"A heartily uplifting brew of scruffy street style, swear words and stammering pop tunes which sweat musical history. [Sep 2001, p.99]"
,80,"The album is certainly one of 2001's finest, most memorable releases. It just shouldn't be billed beyond what it is: a deliciously fun romp that draws heavily upon influences like the Velvet Underground, Television, and the Stooges."
,70,"Their album is little more than thirty minutes and eleven versions of the same song. But damn if that one song isn't a good one."
,70,"They've locked themselves in a room for a year, learned to play 11 songs in one style, and counted on the singer to come up with a couple of ace-card tunes. Result."
,70,"The only thing keeping Is This It from being absolutely storming is the questionable production work of Gordon Raphael, whose primordial approach lacks the necessary punch to really bring these tunes to life."
,70,"A dandy little 36-minute album of simple pop tunes with all the right moves and no real motion."

,90,"The sound of a band blissfully uncoiling under the sun of self-assurance."
,90,"One of the year's best."
,80,"Sharp, seductive music from a band at their peak. [Oct 2001, p.119]"
,80,"It's unlikely to storm the charts like their first two records, especially since there aren't standout singles like on the earlier albums, but overall the record works better, perhaps their best album."
,75,"If you didn't know better, you'd think you were listening to a compilation, not a band album."
,70,"Garbage have finally discovered a hint of the blood-pumping human heart underneath their icy exterior."
,70,"Garbage is savvier than most in cobbling together the sounds of its influences."
,70,"We could probably live without at least one of the three lengthy, slightly prosaic tracks that tail-end proceedings, but stand-outs Cup Of Coffee and Androgyny more than compensate. [Nov 2001, p.116]"
,67,"The treasures in this latest pile of Garbage may not be as apparent as they were in the past, but the goodies are still there."
,60,"The Garbage machine doesn't always function so pristinely. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.105]"
,60,"It's as if there's an optimal number of musical ideas per song, and the album falls apart when the number spikes too high - or dips too low."
,60,"The abundance of derivative electronic tricks diminishes Beautiful's successful updates of Garbage's sound. [Nov 2001, p.73]"
,60,"With all that studio experience and expertise, Garbage inevitably sounds slicker than a bobsled track. But it can become a little too slick: the flawless sound often only exposes and exacerbates their shortcomings as writers."
,50,"Gone are the likes of 'Queer' or 'Subhuman', there's no ummph or intelligence. In straining to achieve a smarter, more mature album the band have created the most tawdry epitaph possible."
,50,"It's good in flashes but frighteningly unstable."
,50,"This time around, the Garbage tradition of borrowing from all over the map has produced unfocused and derivative results."
,40,"For the first time in their history, Garbage sounds like they just want to fit in. The problem is that they do."

,80,"The production is perfect - not too cluttered, lush, beats melting beautifully into the now-understated guitar - and his vocals are warm and unpresuming."
,70,"Somewhere in there Brown's murmurous vocals and the lyrics tend to get lost. [Sep 2001, p.99]"
,60,"No song is quite right: a lyric about angels or elephants here, a trip-hop beat there, and even the Milky Way would blush."
,60,"Lacking the strangely compelling shambolic glory of his first solo album Unfinished Monkey Business and the crisper soul-warrior posing of second solo set Golden Greats, this album isn't going to fulfill Brown's hopes of bettering The Stone Roses' debut."
,60,"Musically it is by far and away his most complete offering but some cracks do show."
,50,"An improvement over his lo-fi solo debut and his over-produced second disc, but it misses as often as it hits."
,45,"You can see the Angel/Heaven/Cocaine lyrics coming a mile off and the predictable bass that punctuates them soon becomes just as banal."

,90,"They sound more natural than they ever have on record, and Brian Vander Ark and Donny Brown respond by their best set of songs."
,80,"Adam's milked a meaty, soulful rock album out of the bandand it is good."
,60,"The group has effectively reinvented/refound itself as a crack power-pop band."
,58,"A rather complacent set of radio-ready lite alt-rock."
,30,"Underneath is the Verve Pipe's third album and it's more of exactly what made them a hit with 'The Freshman' -- earnest alternative-lite vocals that cross Matchbox Twenty with Phil Collins delivered in sugary choruses that loop endlessly in case you weren't paying attention the first ten times."

,90,"Could well be her finest yet. [Oct 2001, p.128]"
,90,"Her calm, hushed, clear singing only emphasizes the emotional torment the songs trace. The result is an album on a par with her best work."
,83,"Infinite sadness, hypnotic beauty. [28 Sep 2001, p.74]"
,83,"Per usual, the content is clouded in misery--the kind of soft, sad and touching tracks that'll have Dido fans rediscovering this Greenwich Village adult-alternative pioneer"
,80,"A polished, classy album whose retrained elegance and melancholy resonance more than compensate for its lack of rhythmic and instrumental restlessness."
,80,"Vega's been good before, especially on her eponymous 1985 debut and its '87 follow-up, Solitude Standing, but never as consistently good as she is here."
,80,"Revealing a songwriter unwilling to compromise even when it hurts, Songs makes her return all the more welcome."
,70,"[Her songs are] articulate and bright, enlivened by pithy metaphors and images that suggest a well-rounded English major with a sensitive side."
,60,"A simple, often stark record reminiscent of her eponymous 1985 debut."
,60,"One of Vega's best. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.114]"

,90,"His most ambitious collection of songs to date."
,88,"'Gold' proves that Ryan Adams is capable of blending a myriad of styles and influences."
,83,"The electric mood of Adams' sophomore disc definitely reflects his good fortunes and knack for solid songcraft."
,83,"The album's sprawling tour through American music, from coast to beer-stained coast, is like a diner full of comfort food."
,80,"A curious time warp of a recording: loud, soft, tender, mean, thoughtful, reckless."
,80,"Feels positively grand in scope. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.120]"
,80,"Gold lacks the concise ache of Adams' indie solo prize from last year, Heartbreaker, but it is stronger on naked truth."
,80,"Another staggering batch of Nashville by-way-of New York twanging folk-punk ditties that will all but solidify his reputation as the Gram Parsons of the no-depression set."
,80,"Adams continues to grow as a songwriter."
,80,"Gold has its good points and its filler."
,78,"Gold sprawls but it rarely meanders, all the while signaling Adams' rite of passage from alt.country bad boy to Left Coast post-folkie."
,75,"The record could quite possibly be one of the best of the year with a dash of self-control."
,67,"It is when Adams veers from the hook-orientated path that the record suffers."
,60,"Gold comes off as clean, shiny, and over-the-top as Elliott Smith's XO, replete with strings, horns, and female backup singers. I double-checked the credits. Jon Brion wasn't listed."
,60,"The album seems to reflect craft rather than passion, and while it's often splendid craft, the fire that made Whiskeytown's best work so special isn't evident much of the time."
,60,"The stylistic mix is dizzying, from Dylanesque odes to Motown soul, but more than that, Adams's influences are so prominent that you often feel like you're listening to other people."

,100,"Clever? Yes. Stupid? Possibly. Essential? Absolutely."
,91,"A big, lumbering, and often uplifting symphonic-rock piece about being a wastrel, it's as if Brian Wilson had made ''Pet Sounds'' a decade later in the midst of his bedridden, drug-addled despondency."
,90,"'Let It Come Down' is another towering achievement - both musically and emotionally.... This is music as it's meant to be: raw, colossal and awe-inspiring. No wonder everything else just pales in comparison."
,90,"It's a huge album, a beautiful album, a witty album, and above all, a Spiritualized album, through and through. If you like Spiritualized albums, you will love 'Let It Come Down'. If you don't, it may be time for a rethink."
,90,"You could get lost for days in the depths of these arrangements, and still find something moving and transcendental at every gilded turn. It's a towering achievement..."
,88,"Pierce enhances his trademark electro-scapes with rich gospel choruses and grand orchestral flourishes for operatic effect."
,84,"Granted, a few tracks here require perhaps too much patience, or never peak as one might expect, or are overburdened with sound. But even these lesser tracks contain the simple, yet stunning affirmations that make Pierce so engaging."
,80,"Brings Pierce's preoccupation with panoramic emotional and chemical excess to startling, transcendent climax. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.112]"
,80,"On Let It Come Down, Jason Pierce successfully peels away layers of pretension and exposes the humanity at the heart of his music."
,80,"What at first, certainly compared to its startling predecessor, feels like a retreat from modern musics radical frontline (nasty jazz, electronica, noise) gradually unfolds to offer equally interesting new ways of hearing."
,80,"Let It Come Down, might well contain the most potent feel-good music he's yet crafted."
,80,"Let It Come Down is another masterfully made Spiritualized album, but its very ambitions sometimes overwhelm it."
,80,"The album consistently takes control of your emotions."
,70,"Let It Come Down suffers just a little from Pierce's presumably healthier outlook. [#211, p.66]"
,70,"Spiritualized's latest aural triumph... In truth, half of Let It Come Down is just sludgy crap, but the half of the chalice that's full truly runneth over into the realm of, um, the awe-inspiring. If not the sublime."
,70,"As if its size alone weren't enough to set the album apart from his preceding Spiritualized outings, Pierce has removed all the sounds he thought were immediately identifiable as Spiritualized -- delay, phase, Telecaster, Farfisa -- and left the songs as largely orchestral numbers."
,60,"The chasm between his musical and lyrical ambitions is as amusing as it is frustrating."
,60,"An ambitious record that pays skillful tribute to teachers like Pink Floyd, but shows off its ambition too much. [Nov 2001, p.94]"
,60,"Even visionaries lose sight at times, as Pierce does on 'Let It Come Down,' an album that can only be deemed a fractured opus."
,40,"Pierce's flimsy voice and material buckle under the weight of the Technicolor bombast on Let It Come Down. [Oct 2001, p.127]"
,40,"It is an unconvincing record as a whole, and parts of it are profoundly dull. [Oct 2001, p.124]"
,40,"Pierce shows neither the vocal presence nor the songwriting chops to justify Let It Come Down's bloated orchestral excess."

,90,"This is one striking album from start to finish."
,90,"Their most affecting and cohesive statement to date. [Oct 2001, p.108]"
,90,"How I Long to Feel That Summer in My Heart further underscores how brilliantly anomalous and unfashionably brilliant GZM are."
,90,"The voices of Euros and Megan Childs are a breath of mountain-fresh air, while the chamber-meets-country pop summons the spirit of Nick Drake. [#32, p.56]"
,90,"The aged authenticity of these songs comes so easily that you'd be forgiven for thinking that they discovered the formula."
,90,"There are no shocks or surprises, but instead, How I Long... thrills us softly, its tiny layers and details all intricately woven together into a cohesive and aesthetically delightful tapestry."
,84,"A testament to the influences of their youth; echoes of Lennon and McCartney, Simon and Garfunkel, Nick Drake, and Fairport Convention glide through the album before tiptoeing into a corner and reappearing a few tracks later."
,80,"Practically a concept album about the bittersweet nature of nostalgia--specifically, nostalgia for, you guessed it, summer."
,80,"There is a feeling of carefully constructed, mellow folk simplicity running through all these songs."
,80,"The ghosts of prog exorcised fully at last, Gorky's have once more put in a serious challenge to the Super Furries as Wales' most inventive band, and they've produced an album that, both in terms of its astounding quantum leap and its ambitious orchestration, swings excitingly near to the Delgados' genius breakthrough opus 'The Great Eastern'."
,70,"Gorky's emotional punch is as heavy as it ever was--despite the bells and whistles. [Jan 2002, p.84]"
,70,"Un-inspirationality aside, Gorky's still exhibits glimmers of sonic uniqueness and loads of pop craftsmanship throughout the record."
,70,"Gorky's make the leap from ramshackle prog pop to meticulously crafted folk-symphonics. [Nov 2001, p.130]"
,70,"It is a collection of whimsical neo-psychedelic folk songs of no little charm, but, crucially, little drama either."
,70,"Although they don't quite hit the emotional peaks and valleys of some of the tracks on labelmates Mojave 3's last disc, they've got a similarly fetching combination of lush music, terrific voices and sad but hopeful songs."
,60,"By absorbing some of the best bits of The Beach Boys, Super Furry Animals and, at times, Dexy's Midnight Runners, Gorky's Zygotic Mynci have made the perfect album for a breezy, summer afternoon."
,50,"Finds the group farther afield than ever from the playful, energetic randomness that made its first records so utterly fantastic. [#52, p.88]"

,80,"V is among the band's most confident and inspired releases."
,70,"Kowalczyk may have filtered some of the bluster from his lyrics, but he has wisely left the jagged edges in his music."
,70,"V doesn't bring Live right back to earth, but it does find the group playing to strengths, experimenting with recording techniques, and striving for renewed relevance."
,58,"V's spiraling, cathartic anthems often collapse under their own weight. [21 Sep 2001, p.84]"
,50,"There is a sense on V that Live will stay around long enough to ride into the state-fair sunset. [Oct 2001, p.137]"
,42,"Ed Kowalczyk and crew burden their sound with angry guitars, pseudoraps and needless swearing torn straight outta the Fred Durst book of lyric writing."
,40,"It doesn't help that Live operate at two speeds: overamped anthems and over-the-top ballads, which render [Kowalczyk's] doubtless heartfelt homilies rather empty. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.125]"
,40,"Unfortunately, Kowalczyk's conceited couplets belong to the dark ages. [Nov 2001, p.124]"

,88,"'Strange Little Girls' is not a pretty album, but that's the point: the ugliness of male-female relations, which she exposes bit by bit with each cover, is a fact that is--in both pop music and pop culture--all too often ignored."
,80,"How deliciously perverse, and how very, very her."
,80,"The power and import of the record is undeniable. [Oct 2001, p.112]"
,80,"Neither a straight feminist critique nor a tribute album, Strange Little Girls is rather a nuanced exploration of the dualities of love and aggression."
,80,"She is at the top of her game, and hits it out of the park both concept-wise and musically."
,80,"Girls isn't as pop-friendly as 1998's From The Choirgirl Hotel, but Amos's take on Depeche Mode's starkly beautiful 'Enjoy The Silence' is irresistible. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.120]"
,70,"She attacks the possibilities in Strange Little Girls with a grip and grit often missing from her other solo work, and her handful of bull's-eyes easily justifies her audacity."
,70,"For all her concern with the power of language, she seems to forget that in music, that language loses strength exponentially with each layer of music added."
,70,"A rare good covers album--creating successful reinterpretations while piquing curiosity for the originals. [Nov 2001, p.74]"
,70,"Surprisingly, Strange Little Girls is a street project -- daring, visceral and engaging, even when it's not fully successful."
,67,"''Girls'' is largely a success, even if most cuts sound traditionally Tori."
,67,"But by not lyrically responding to the originals--like Liz Phair did for Exile in Guyville, for instance--Tori stops short of high concept and more than once slips from being revolutionary to simply pretentious."
,67,"Strange Little Girls won't resolve the perpetual nutjob/goddess debate swirling around Amos; there's plenty of evidence on hand for either point of view."
,60,"An intriguing listen..."
,40,"The disc looks, on paper, like an intriguing exercise. Unfortunately, it sounds, in reality, like little more than an intriguing exercise: With few exceptions, it's tedious and predictable, wearing its calculated concept far too boldly on its sleeve."
,20,"A stunning flop, a failure on almost every conceivable level -- conceptual, artistic, commercial."
,10,"As a concept album, Strange Little Girls fails. As a collection of cover tunes, it infuriates and nauseates."

,91,"Labor Days is a wonderfully complex piece of work."
,90,"He does his best job yet at balancing smarts and accessibility."
,87,"It helps that Labor Days is as terrific a record as anyone could ask for, really, and you should buy it."
,80,"The backing tracks, brimming over with strings, guitars, vaguely Middle Eastern elements, and soundtrack snippets, are more musical than much hip-hop, proffering the perfect gateway to Aesop Rock's verbose world. Dig the dark sounds as you try to decipher the deep thoughts."
,80,"While Labor Days isn't perfect it is definately the underground Ghostface's most satisfying release to date."

,80,"This time, there's a bankable chorus or barbed sentiment for every mirror-ball moment, not just on the singles. [Sep 2001, p.112]"
,80,"Not quite as effortlessly enormous as 1999's blistering 'Synkronised', 'A Funk Odyssey' nevertheless won't disappoint anyone taken with the band's direction on that record."
,80,"Jamiroquai continues to mine a musical playing field that pays homage to such soul, funk, and disco artists as Stevie Wonder, Curtis Mayfield, and Chic."
,75,"More Gap Band than P-Funk..."
,70,"It's all ground we've covered before, but Jamiroquai do it so well and with such style that it is still worth a tumble. [Sep 2001, p.86]"
,67,"This hand-clapping, disco-ball-driven journey sounds like all the other stuff in [Jay Kay's] catalog."
,60,"The album never truly develops, as the group prefers to rehash old stuff rather than break new ground."
,60,"Lurches from dewy-eyed sentimentality to vicious funk. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.105]"
,50,"'A Funk Odyessey' takes you on a journey of eye-closing triteness."
,50,"On such ballads as 'Corner of the Earth' and 'Black Crow,' Odyssey seems to come up short.... But when the intention is to make you move, Odyssey shines brightly."
,40,"Most tracks succumb to unambitious disco stylings. [Sep 2001, p.108]"
,40,"Much like the last four releases, [A Funk Odyssey] is bland background party music with a few moments that sparkle."
,10,"Excruciating, toe-curling Pain, the sort that makes you want to leap through windows or run over children."

,91,"But for all of its snickers, ''Suburbs'' is serious business -- a pop fantasia that seals Folds' rep as the Cole Porter of underclass underdogs."
,90,"As good a record as any he's made, possibly his best."
,80,"He still tinkles the ivories with dazzling skill and his scything comments on breaking-up and the emotionally inept are all too easy to identify with, yet the most enamouring thing is that he manages to do this all without being zany or patronising."
,80,"Sure, it sails close to novelty record territory but Folds demonstrates exceptional skill in marrying wryly observational lyrics to upbeat piano-driven craziness."
,80,"Folds cracks jokes and spins incredibly sad tales with no restraint or common sense, and oddly enough, we love him for it. [Oct 2001, p.79]"
,80,"Like the best of BF5, it's both plaintive and punky."
,70,"The new Ben Folds is a lot like the old one: as unpredictable as he is talented."
,70,"Folds' songwriting continues to impress. [Oct 2001, p.130]"
,70,"That dirty 'sellout' feeling does go away with time, as the subtle touches and clever songwriting ease some of Folds' production changes. [#11]"
,70,"In many ways, this is his 'Nylon Curtain.' [Sep 2001, p.160]"
,63,"A worthy, but occasionally frustrating album..."
,60,"Folds seems to want to please everyone on the disc, making the listening experience a bit haphazard, if not a little predictable."
,60,"Sometimes the humor verges on camp (the title track), or the poignance drowns in Barry Manilow-isms ('Still Fighting It'). But mostly, Folds' songcraft is a winning mixture of the plush and the prickly..."
,60,"When he's not being sour, Folds' flair for melody and simple, economical arrangements can create wonderful moments. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.122]"
,56,"Although the album is far from a failure, it rarely reaches the peak of its creators potential."

,100,"Wonderland is a modern pop classic that combines all the best things about this band, spikes the mix with ace tunes, and keeps the concoction coming."
,90,"'Wonderland' is magnificent. An album full of cracking tunes, potential singles and a new found lust for life from one of the best bands of the last ten years."
,90,"It rocks less but parties harder than 1997's Tellin' Stories."
,90,"The bands finest release by far, its a swaggering, head-long dive into funk, rhythm and blues, gospel, roots rock and roll, and disco but with a very sleek modern edge."
,90,"Wonderland is the sound of a band embracing and then discarding its past in order to forge ahead into a new tomorrow.... Undoubtedly one of the group's finest recorded moments."
,80,"Bold forays into gospel, R&B and even a little soul (complete with ooh-oohing singers backing Burgess) display a far reaching confidence that rises as the album reveals itself to be not only something swimming in classic influences, but also a path-carving groove maker that falls in line with the likes of Stereo MCs and Jamiroquai."
,80,"Twelve songs of quality, with an impeccable overall arrangement."
,80,"A transformation beyond all recognition. [Sep 2001, p.114]"
,80,"They have a new sound, a warm, lush and funky noise powered by producer Danny Sabre's sympathetic programming alongside Tony Rogers's bold keyboards, and they've created a great party record with it."
,80,"An effortless melding of Stones and Family Stone, Curtis Mayfield and computers, all topped off with Tim Burgess's fetching new falsetto.... With every track a winner, Wonderland is a truly thing of wonder."
,80,"They've managed to produce a seventh album that's the equal of their baggy debut."
,78,"Wonderland takes the sound of that last album and pumps it full of the energy that dripped from the band's previous releases, resulting in a record that can oddly be both fragile, danceable, and anthemic all at the same time."
,70,"While the result is hit-or-miss, the Charlatans manage to hit much more than they miss."
,67,"Wonderland is perhaps the biggest departure from their baggy roots theyve taken thus far, but remains totally identifiable as their work."
,60,"This is a band reborn and ready to soar. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.103]"
,40,"Sadly, one can hear decent tunes struggling to get out of this mess. [Nov 2001, p.78]"
,30,"The few moments on Wonderland that make sense in the context of the band's history are overshadowed by a musical reach that exceeds its grasp."

,80,"Mink Car will please just about all but the most picky of They Might Be Giants fans. Diverse, off-beat, strange, fun, and decidedly wonderful, it proves that TMBG haven't really lost anything over the years..."
,70,"It's all funny, but also wise in a way."
,65,"The majority of the new songs are keepers."
,60,"They Might Be Giants are just a stitch more serious about being silly, and that extra earnestness makes all the difference."
,60,"They haven't lost any of their quirky cool mojo. [Nov 2001, p.97]"
,60,"Mink Car is all over the map, an ideal piece of entertainment for listeners simultaneously blessed and cursed with high IQs and attention deficit disorder."
,40,"Almost a total wreck -- even decent melodies are hard to come by. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.130]"
,30,"Mink Car is all been-there-done-that. [#11]"
,28,"Yes, Mink Car is crap. All the charms They Might Be Giants once seemed to possess have dissipated into a cloud of embarrassing awkwardness."

,91,"Where the debut sometimes resembled a psycho-ward jam session, System serve up some surprising melodies on 'Chop Suey!' 'Forest' and the haunting 'Aerials.'"
,90,"Cast in layers upon layers of aural intricacy, Toxicity charters new frontiers, yet its still grinding rock at its most deafening."
,90,"The fast parts are faster, the hard parts are harder, and the melodic sections are more memorable. [Oct 2001, p.102]"
,80,"Matches Slipknot for manic intensity while employing a freeform approach to songcraft which invites comparison to the lunatic-fringe rock of the late '60s. [Sep 2001, p.122]"
,70,"System of a Down's sophomore album thrives on this sort of urgency, the adrenal rush that insists there's no time for ambiguity."
,70,"45 minutes of jagged, uneven music that includes sparks of urgent genius, and perhaps five or six seconds that border on legitimate transcendence. [Nov/Dec 2001, p.117]"
,67,"They have a sense of dynamics, tempering their heaviness with unexpected touches of acoustic folksiness and prog-rock flourishes."
,60,"When System's at their best, the Los Angeles four-piece evokes most vividly punk politicos the Dead Kennedys.... Yet the band sputters out when the lyrics are awash in vagueness."
,30,"Toxicity is virtually unlistenable: thrash metal splintered into a million pieces by unnecessary time changes, topped off with excruciatingly theatrical vocals. [Dec 2001, p.118]"

,80,"The Surfers teeter on the brink of conventional rock values. However, throughout the new album, singer Gibby Haynes drives the proverbial truck into the ditch with rambling psychotic speeches."
,75,"Anchored in the surreal goofball art rock, club beats and bubblegum punk that made anomaly hits like 1996's 'Pepper' so cool, frontman Gibby Haines and gang sugarcoat their standardized tales of decay and hallucinogens but keep some delicious bitterness intact."
,60,"At its best, Weird Revolution is danceable and degenerate... It's a tight package, but the holes start to show on the title track... [Oct 2001, p.132]"
,58,"A typical morass of computerized beat science, vague exoticism, and singer Gibby Haynes' crackpot mantras... [7 Sep 2001, p.164]"
,50,"The absence of Paul Leary's drug-fried guitar is unconscionable. [Nov 2001, p.78]"
,40,"The wan, wimpy Weird Revolution relies on tired drum loops and flat rap vocals. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.121]"
,30,"Weird Revolution sounds dated and quaint, both in its 'Pepper' rehashes ('Dracula From Houston,' 'The Shame Of Life') and in its halfhearted attempts at caustic shock ('Shit Like That') and misfit mission statements ('The Weird Revolution')."
,20,"In spite of its shortcomings, there's something fascinating about this saccharine new Butthole brew.... Like driving by a head-on collision late at night, it's almost impossible to avert your eyes. [#51, p.88]"
,4,"The Butthole Surfers have finally become shocking only in their sheer banality, like a watered-down mix of the worst Beck and Perry Farrell material you can imagine."

,91,"This time, the music is even more haunted. The brittle keyboards and violins make for the sound of an Appalachian funeral. It's the O Brother, Where Art Thou? for the modern death-obsessed introvert."
,90,"It's a Wonderful Life raises the bar already set high by fellow post-modern woodsmen types like Grandaddy and Mercury Rev. [#51, p.116]"
,90,"A reaffirming celebration of small details."
,90,"This time Linkous lets his gift for fractured folk song to resonate without encumbrance from freaky noise slugs. The results are sensational. [Jul 2001, p.98]"
,80,"Essentially, 'It's A Wonderful Life', is an equally brilliant and perhaps more cohesive album, mixing an arcane guitar, string and keyboard based atmospheric tilt, with more fast-action, barrelling moments."
,80,"With this heavy payload of imagery, it's a miracle that Sparklehorse's third album of backwoods blues hasn't ended up a junk shop of Southern Gothic clichs. Old dog Tom Waits even wades in, hollering like an incestuous uncle on 'Dog Door', while Linkous' rusty cabin music creaks insalubriously beneath. But that's just the first of many wonders of this exceptional record."
,80,"Had 'It's A Wonderful Life' been recorded by anyone other than Sparklehorse, we could simply describe it as an amazing record before sitting back to bask in its splendour, but given everything that Mark Linkous has been through, that such a beautiful record not only exists but sounds so effortlessly graceful marks it out as a definite contender for album of the year."
,80,"Ironically, the consistency of It's A Wonderful Life's dreamy, narcotic tone tends to detract from the consistency of its quality, in large part because the first few tracks set the bar so high."
,80,"It's a noticeably more focused effort. Though it lacks Good Morning Spider's sprawling brilliance, it's possibly Linkous' most effective, and affecting, collection of songs."
,80,"A lot of what distinguishes Wonderful Life is its fragility. At its best, the music feels as though it could blow apart at any moment."
,77,"The most focused Sparklehorse effort yet, the album flows along with the grace of a river occasionally stirred by a rapid or two."
,70,"A lovely, delicate album marred only by a curious vocal idiosyncrasy... Linkous performs several of these songs in a near whisper... [Oct 2001, p.100]"
,70,"These 13 dusky ditties almost always enchant."
,70,"Musing, eerie and oddly lovely, It's a Wonderful Life is almost minimalist - it captures fleeting moments in a few chords and peculiarly evocative phrases."
,63,"Ultimately, the record is kept from wonderfulness by too much drowsy material--it lacks [Neil] Young's screwball conviction or the hallucinogenic intensity of the VU."
,60,"Too often, songs drift off into a fog of vague guitar atmospherics. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.130]"
,60,"It's a Wonderful Life comes off like a Magical Soft Mystery Bulletin. Yet, those iridescent orchestrations seem to be covering for the underdeveloped dirges that dominate the album. [Oct 2001, p.127]"

,90,"Has a playful, at times otherworldly style which brings to mind children's fairy tales."
,80,"An optimistic-feeling, playful record that recalls the jazzy-edged sunshine and beat pop of the '60s."
,80,"An ingratiating return to form that benefits from Sean O'Hagan's eclectic, elastic arrangements."
,80,"Laetitia Sadier's vocal melodies soar, so that even when you get two hints of classical minimalist Steve Reich in the first two tracks, there are still tunes to hum."
,80,"The album is held back by their insistence on simple songs and simple vocals that keep the record earthbound and solely the province of the already converted."
,80,"Their best yet. [Sep 2001, p.120]"
,80,"Tim Gane and Laetitia Sadier's prettiest songs since '95's Music For The Amorphous Body Study Center. [Oct 2001, p.116]"
,80,"Shifts moods so radically that a single song rockets through a half-century of recorded music. [#32, p.59]"
,75,"Is a welcoming entrance for new fans as much as it is another fine chapter for the diehards."
,70,"A major rebirth, relegating the chirpy melodies to expedients, relying less on Sadier's monotone singing, and reaching for new formats within the group's formidable compositional skills."
,70,"A refreshing journey back to the plugged-in analog sound of early 'Lab albums. [Oct 2001, p.100]"
,70,"There's everything to like about this release, but nothing to grip or to enage the senses... Stereolab have now defined and refined themselves to a point where they are almost invisible. [#211, p.53]"
,70,"Sound-Dust achieves a new peak in lush, lounge-friendliness for Stereolab."
,70,"It all sounds nice, but little sticks."
,70,"Continuing an audio development from Dots and Loops, Sound-Dust is littered with a giddy array of hand percussion instruments  marimba, vibraphone and glockenspiel stir up a polyrhythmic stew, its busyness and complexity sounding like the product of painstaking studio assemblage."
,70,"Although Sound-Dust's revisionist zeal is mostly exhausted by the thirty minute mark, its spirit is alive and well in the album's streamlined production aesthetic. Rarely, if ever, are these songs muddied by an obvious surplus of musical ideas."
,67,"A disappointment compared with their action-packed output of the late '90s. [Fall 2001, p.136]"
,60,"These airy confections of analog-synth purrs and Chicago brass and Laetitia Sadier's obliquely humanist lyrics are distinguishable from one another by tone palette more than by hooks or style. [Oct 2001, p.126]"
,60,"Listeners hoping for a radical departure from previous outings may be disappointed to find that the disc doesn't necessarily break new ground... [Sep 2001, p.152]"
,60,"Offers the sound of Stereolab doing what they do best. Love it or hate it, it won't alter the world, it just is."
,60,"This collection seems less pointlessly abstract than 1999's similarly staffed Cobra and Phases. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.130]"
,50,"Much of the music's electronic undertow has receded, leaving Laetitia Sadier and Mary Hansen's airy melodies and counter-melodies stranded in gassy lounge-pop compositions that sound merely retro instead of retro-futuristic."
,10,"I don't know which Stereolab album is more nauseating: Sound-Dust or the last one. [#51, p.118]"

,95,"A beautiful, magical, mystical soundtrack; similar to Homogenic, but in a sense, more light-hearted and full of love."
,90,"With Vespertine, Bjork has constructed a whispering wall of wonders, and instead of forcing everyone out, has invited the world to look through the cracks."
,90,"Vespertine isnt so much a departure from her previous work as a culmination of the musical distance shes traveled..."
,90,"In the end, Vespertine commits its magic by daring to go places more obvious and more human than one would have ever expected. [#210, p.52]"
,90,"It's unlikely you'll hear anything as near to perfect, magical and downright lovely all year."
,90,"While Homogenic, Post, and Debut were emotionally frenetic and often musically confrontational, Vespertine is rich in its tranquillity and spiritual divinity, full of astute observation and patient acceptance."
,90,"Her best album to date.... Vespertine is an album of small gestures, one almost challenging in its stillness.... The cumulative effect is an album both timeless and of the moment, an avant-garde electronic-pop exploration of classic themes."
,90,"Her new album, Vespertine, is the singer's most complete and compelling expression of that wondrous worldview yet."
,90,"As difficult as it is gorgeous, Vespertine ranks among Bjorks finest albums."
,90,"This intimate, often breathtakingly beautiful collection (primarily produced by the artist herself) finds solace in the calm after the storm."
,90,"The best album of Bjrk's career"
,89,"This is breathtaking, life-affirming music with the power to heal and restore. It's that beautiful."
,88,"The most introspective and slow-tempo collection in Bjrk's catalog, 'Vespertine' proves to be a rousing showcase of her captivating vocal talent."
,83,"When it all comes together, as on ''Hidden Place'' or ''It's Not Up to You,'' Bjrk and her electronica collaborators create moving interplanetary chorals. ''Vespertine'' is also her most erotic work...."
,83,"Bjrk's latest is as delightfully eccentric as her choice in outfits, blending scratchy electronic programming with tinkling music boxes and squeezing her formidable voice into ancient-sounding harmonies or futuristic whispers."
,80,"1997's Homogenic, also a mixture of heavy beats and strings, was not as varied or complete as this album, and while Selmasongs, last year's soundtrack to 'Dancer in the Dark' (in which Bjrk starred), was lovely in its own sweeping, cinematic way, Bjrk has surpassed herself with this new work."
,80,"Bjrk continues to mine the fine line of minimalist lushness that her last album gave birth to; with tiny, crackling, skittery beats weaving open-toned ambient beds in which her breathy, pushed-forward vocals lithely lay, the closeness and drama of her every syllable commanding attention."
,80,"The best solo record of her career... Vespertine is the closest any pop-vocal album has come to the luxuriant Zen of the new minimalist techno, even beating Radiohead's nervy Kid A. Where Kid A sounded like a record of risk, the work of a band on unfamiliar ground, Bjork sings here as if she owns and knows every inch of space and shadow in these songs."
,80,"Vespertine isn't immediately accessible, but after repeat listens, a smoldering heart of emotion and a true pop sensibility reveal themselves. [Oct 2001, p.77]"
,80,"Vespertine is an album for small curtained establishments, for taking your 'little ghetto blaster' onto back streets, for intimate and precious occasions."
,80,"She uses her voice as well as she ever has, giving the moods light and shade. [Sep 2001, p.104]"
,80,"Vespertine quietly proves that cutting-edge production and human contact aren't mutually exclusive. [Sep 2001, p.109]"
,80,"A gorgeous reverie. [Sep 2001, p.99]"
,80,"This is a Warp-inspired wonderland of intricate glitches, murmuring glacial low-end smoothness, and subtle, filmic orchestration."
,80,"Vespertine is her most intensely private and intimate-sounding work, a journey through an interior world that is quietly ecstatic, erotic and playful."
,72,"While undeniably beautiful, Vespertine fails to give electronic music the forward push it received on Bjrk's preceding albums. Rather than designing sounds never before imagined, the album merely sounds current, relying on the technology of standard studio software and the explorations of the Powerbook elite.... Still, Vespertine makes for an intriguing listen, and manages to hold its own after hours on repeat."
,70,"If there's one question to be raised with the album, it's that it's all simply so lush and nice that on some levels it fails to excite."
,60,"The entire LP takes on a sort of plodding sameness even as the overall sonics soar."






