PopMatters,80,"Yes, the references are abundant--in an homage, they're supposed to be. Wobble employs them with a curator's taste; his skill as a bandleader creates space for disparate tongues to communicate before evolving into a different musical language--his own. Everything Is NoThing is a monster."
AllMusic,80,"Producer Youth has described the record as Wobbles Miles Davis opus and while thats maybe a mite fanciful, its certainly a courageous contemporary fusion of afro-beat, jazz and polyrhythmic funk."
Consequence of Sound,70,"The result is an assured, mostly instrumental album with freeform jazz as its guiding imperative. [Oct 2016, p.40]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Another year, another Jah Wobble album knocked out with a slew of collaborators and little interest in much, you suspect, beyond the immediate entertainment of its participants. [Sep 2016, p.114]"

Exclaim,80,"Blade of Love is a piece that takes the ideas and challenges of their debut even further without losing any of their focus or animal thump."
Pitchfork,80,"Rarely has the economy of instrumentation and composition been used to such compelling effect as it is on Blade of Love."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"This time, the inevitable transition from vocalizations to near-unison saxophone shredding doesnt carry quite the same charge. But on the whole, Blade Of Love shows that theres plenty of sax-quartet innovation left for these artists to explore."
Magnet,50,"At its best, Blade of Love is nicely adventurous and somewhat relentless. However, where Palace of Wind left listeners with an active role of relation and interpretation, Battle Trance comes off as a little overbearing this time around."

Uncut,90,"Although one of his most accessible, it's not constrained to formula. ... It was worth the wait. [No. 134, p.54]"
Mojo,90,"[A] splendid debut for Blue Note. ... Backed by a brilliant ensemble of strings, wind and percussion, Cline's guitar creeps stealthily through arrangements elegant and enigmatic, lush and low. [Sep 2016, p.71]"
AllMusic,90,"Its that sense of timelessness--and, yes, mood--that makes Lovers such an essential collection both for Nels Cline fans and anyone who believes in the beauty and power of jazz."
Exclaim,80,"This may be Cline's quietest recording, but it is one of his finest."
Pitchfork,80,"Blending Cline originals and recent covers with reimagined standards by the likes of Jerome Kern and Rodgers & Hart, all realised in beautifully enigmatic arrangements which wrap woodwind, horns, strings and tuned percussion around Clines guitar. Throughout, atmosphere is paramount."
Consequence of Sound,80,"On Lovers, Cline is effective at making re-interpreted songbook selections his own."
Q Magazine,80,"When he steps away from alt-country-rock (or whatever you want to call Jeff Tweedy et al) Cline tends to veer towards a more experimental jazz sound and this is where Lovers really surprises."
AllMusic,80,"There are certainly lulls among the 18 tracks, moments of randomness, and even an occasional lack of direction. But if Cline is indeed trying to conjure a feeling of romance through instrumental jazz, he's done just that on this record."
American Songwriter,76,"Almost half of the first CD is made up of Cline originals, and these pale a bit in comparison with the surrounding material. Though thanks to its sly and measured embrace of the experimental, Lovers still has all the originality it needs to endear."
Austin Chronicle,75,"Lovers is, simultaneously, Nels Clines most ambitious and most straightforward project."
Exclaim,70,"The orchestras nearly perfect. Clines selections are non-traditional but trustworthy and intelligent. The album keeps a persistent mood even as it reflects on the mood. But 80 minutes of it requires patient listening, and there arent enough moments to really grab here."
The New York Times,70,"Lovers is a departure for Wilco guitar swami Nels Cline, whose side projects generally involve free-jazz freakouts. That's not to say this wordless double-disc set, featuring an all-star orchestra full of sharp improvisers, isn't wildly inventive in its water-colored way."

AllMusic,100,"Fiery hip-hop instrumentals, creamy rhythm and blues balladry and classic lounge vibes are explored with equal excitement--and pulled off with equal panache."
Pitchfork,90,"While IV is extraordinary for delivering fresh music that elaborates on their past work, it feels particularly exceptional because of its forward momentum."
Dusted Magazine,85,"Theres a richness to IV which was not present on their last record, and it revolutionises their appeal."
Exclaim,80,"Innovative and imaginative, IV overflows with ideas throughout."
The Guardian,80,"They blend numerous influences and don't conform to any traditions. More than anything, their music is exuberant and immensely enjoyable."
AllMusic,80,"This is a set which pushes boundaries with a gripping sense of adventure. [Aug 2016, p.108]"
Pitchfork,75,"IV sounds as timeless as the instrumentation itself. BadBadNotGoods work with Ghostface Killah will have drawn in more listeners, but what theyll find on IV is so much more than they might have expected."
Los Angeles Times,71,"BBNG can still be frustrating, but IV is a sign of a band hitting its stride. Its their most jazz-forward album, and its filled with some markers of magnificent growth."
PopMatters,70,"BBNG have always been fluent and sonically articulate, but enlisting the talents of suitable vocalists to thicken their smokescreen strengthens their suit."
The Independent (UK),70,"From the moment that crystalline keyboard riff and sparse drum machine open the first track, And That, Too, its clear the band has raised the stakes to match the talent theyve been hanging out with."
Mojo,70,"IV marks a refinement of the BADBADNOTGOOD sound and as ever is filled to the brim with gorgeous melodies and impressive digressions."
AllMusic,70,"'Time Moves Slow' is gorgeous Muscle Shoals soul with a killer turn from Future Islands' Samuel T Herring, while 'In Your Eyes' with Charlotte Day Wilson is lush orch jazz with shades of David Axelrod. [Aug 2016, p.71]"
The Guardian,65,"IV is perhaps a little too ambitious for its own good. Grandiose aims are never to be scoffed at, but considering that IV's highs are so remarkably high and its lows are so forgettable, one cannot help but wish that BBNG had smoothed out the product."
The Observer (UK),60,"Five years on, BBNG stand poised to write jazz standards for the next generation. In some circles, youd call that progress. But for folks that turned to BBNG as infiltrators, rebels, the razor edge of the new--in those circles, youd call that a sell-out."
PopMatters,60,"While IV shows a progression, it lacks the progressiveness that would keep BBNG in a league with their aforementioned jazz/hip-hop predecessors and peers. However admirably, it stays in its own lane."
Uncut,60,"Taken on their own, each track solidifies the groups wild imagination, but IV is tough to stomach as the free-flowing, full-bodied juggernaut that it is."
AllMusic,58,"IV feels subdued and professional, something you would never expect to associate with the quartet."

Record Collector,80,"Bismillah and Karam add gentle layers of spiritual jazz and afrobeat to the mix. Best though are the tracks which plot a less quiet path; Indefinite Leave To Remain begins with intermittent, raindrop-like piano flourishes over recorded vocal snatches before guitar and drums build into a monsoon-like barrage."
PopMatters,80,"Day To Day's fusions feel accomplished and natural. [Aug 2016, p.77]"
Uncut,80,"Day to Day is dazzling. It leads the listener outside standard jazz/world fusion tropes to ask new questions about musical and cultural origins, traditions, and lineage and it does so with grooves and mystery intact."
Q Magazine,80,"In its best moments, Day to Day basks in routine humdrum, making it a bit more magical."

The Quietus,85,"Not all of those styles may be represented on this collection, but the love of the craft is contained within each note presented."
PopMatters,80,"He was an American original, and American Tunes functions as a lovely coda to a legendary career."
Pitchfork,80,"Several tracks feature Mr. Toussaint alone at the piano, and theyre reminders of the regional traditions he elegantly upheld."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"[A] wonderful album of covers showcasing his mastery of pianistic romance, witticism and flourish. [#361, p.116]"
Magnet,80,"Producer Joe Henry complements Toussaint with respectful production and respected guests including Charles Lloyd, Van Dyke Parks and the thrilling trilling of Rhiannon Giddens. [Jul 2016, p.94]"
Uncut,80,"Toussaint masterfully irons oout the kinks and the dissonances from the city's music. [Jul 2016, p.77]"
PopMatters,80,"His final studio album proves an affecting swansong from the late New Orleans composer, producer, pianist and legend. Here Toussaint treats jazz classics by Fats Waller, Billy Strayhorn, Bill Evans and others to his intricate yet funky piano skills."
AllMusic,72,"A step left of center yet still striking familiar chords right on time, Allen Toussaint show us his understated brilliance one final time."
The Independent (UK),70,"With elegance and grace, Toussaint was a national treasure to the very end."
Blurt Magazine,70,"On American Tunes, the funky-elegant balance is often tilted toward the latter, which may surprise, and even disappoint, some listeners."
Drowned In Sound,60,"He lends his delicate, soulful voice to just one track--a delightful cover of Paul Simons American Tune--and the rest of the time is heard on piano. There are several unaccompanied solo pieces, including his own composition, Delores Boyfriend, which is rendered in an ornate style that encapsulates the New Orleans sound."
Exclaim,60,"Toussaints intimacy with classic R&B, soul and funk inflects all his jazz playing, even if American Tunes is for the most part a low-key (and perhaps faintly wistful) look back at a wonderful musical life."
Pitchfork,60,"A country-gospel stab at Ellingtons Come Sunday badly misses the mark, and Toussaints innate funkiness is only lightly felt, sometimes sacrificed for too much tastefulness. There are still many American treasures here."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Clean and expertly rendered, it will be interesting to hear what Haley Fohrs musical world will next inhabit, though for now, Jackie Lynn has left her mark."
Dusted Magazine,75,"Much like a good piece of genre fiction, Jackie Lynn is quick, sharp, and full of intrigue."
Rolling Stone,70,"Fohr's voice is the constant, but here's it's denuded, its strangely hollowed-out tone perfect for Jackie Lynn's dizzying theatrics. [Jul 2016, p.76]"
The Skinny,70,"The record feels short, which might be a good thing: She leaves you guessing what shes up to."
Exclaim,70,"Jackie Lynn feels like the audio equivalent of a gripping short story or film, and whether it's a cliffhanger or its own entity, it's an engaging, suspenseful tale."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"What this album does extremely well, though, is convey the emotional reality of the protagonist using these moody electronics and tempo changes."
The Observer (UK),69,"Jackie Lynns only significant weakness is that, even though individual songs benefit from brevity, the record is too short. Its eight tracks take up only 22 minutes, and two of those tracks are micro-length instrumentals; its half an album at most."
AllMusic,60,"The album does demand great attention. I cant imagine any of these songs playing on the radio, or on one or two listens attracting new fans. Stalwarts of Circuit des Yeux and Haley Fohr will likely delight, however, in this new installment of her performance art."

Q Magazine,80,"You & I is the most single-minded record you'll hear all year. [Aug 2016, p.107]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Singer-songwriter Ala.ni's debut story of doomed love is a hazy mix of innocence and experience. ... A pearl. [Jul 2016, p.97]"
Pitchfork,70,"The first few tracks revel in the heady days of a budding relationship, all stolen kisses and duvet-cloaked promises. But as the seasons flutter by the untenability of their situation gradually dawns on our two lovebirds."
No Ripcord,60,"This assured debut is largely about a doomed love affair, a curio you didnt know you needed until it arrives."

Spin,80,"These are old songs subjected to an old jazz method, but brought scintillatingly into the here and now."
Clash Music,80,"With few pyrotechnic moments and only bit of reshuffling of the forms of these excellent songs, the Brad Mehldau Trio reminds us of how jazz continues to address serious emotions and great pop tunes at the same time."
Uncut,80,"Sublime stuff. [Jul 2016, p.92]"
The 405,80,"Studio-recorded, the all-covers Blues And Ballads reels in his wilder live flights to pensive effect. [Aug 2016, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"While Blues and Ballads is by no means Mehldau's most ambitious album, it's nonetheless a work of expansive emotionality and deeply hued beauty."
NOW Magazine,80,"A deceptively sweet-sounding set which, once you cotton on to the pianists way of treating a few mainly well-known tunes, is absolutely absorbing."

DIY Magazine,90,"Everything's Beautiful, indeed."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Glasper's keen-eared stewardship throws up some astonishing alchemy. [Aug 2016, p.75]"
Record Collector,80,"Erykah Badu lends a childlike charm to the sunburnt fizz of Glaspers bossa nova version of Maiysha (So Long), with Miless trumpet shining through towards the end."
Uncut,80,"Everythings Beautiful is not the real tribute; its Glaspers determination to evolve the genre that is, and I dont think Miles Davis would have it any other way."
AllMusic,74,"A trio of cuts toward the middle of Everythings Beautiful suffers from feeling less robustly reimagined than the rest of the set--placing a slight drag on momentum."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Glasper and his confreres have used Davis' inspiration to craft a moving and misterioso assemblage that, true-to-the-living Davis, refuses any scent of museum entombment."
Paste Magazine,70,"Considering the disparate source material and the quantity of vocalists, instrumentalists, and producers involved, it's remarkable how smoothly the album flows from one track to the next. Unsurprisingly, it's most appealing to fans of Glasper and those he involved."
AllMusic,60,"Glasper is undoubtedly a class act, but the lacks the wildness a Madlib or a Flying Lotus might have brought to this project. [Jun 2016, p.54]"
The New York Times,60,"Smooth soul or hip hop tropes being largely the order of the day here. [Jul 2016, p.95]"
Q Magazine,60,"The middle of the album is a problem, especially the Hiatus Kaiyote number, Little Church, a strange, bloodless clunker that drags down the Mvula (Silence Is the Way) and KING (Song for Selim) features that follow. The Badu track, the electro-bossa nova Maiysha (So Long), is fine but familiar. Miles Davis concept aside, Glaspers still in Black Radio mode. It works, but it needs a little dirt, and probably a new challenge."
Mojo,60,"In a way, this could be Glasper's Black Radio Volume 3: The Davis Edition. However, positioning the album as a tribute runs counter to his forward-looking use of the material."

Uncut,90,"Even though there are eight months left in 2016, its impossible to imagine any album having nearly as much personality, experimentation, or superb songs as Fool does, and will certainly be one of the best albums to come down the pipeline this year."
The Observer (UK),90,"The musicianship of the guest artists is impressive, and Jameszoo's interpretations of their work are startlingly creative. The whole package is likely to be one of the year's best, and certainly one of its most original."
Pitchfork,80,"Fool is the stunning debut from a young Dutch producer. [Jun 2016, p.53]"
Rolling Stone,80,"By the spangled keyboards, spectral funk and squalling sax of closing pair Toots and Teeth, Van Dinther has successfully forged his own new personal universe, showing jazzs original questing spirit still alive, kicking and able to make new sonic waves."
PopMatters,80,"Fool is the product of a powerful imagination, the kind of mind that's unburdened by assumptions and orthodoxies."
Record Collector,70,"It's not easy to grasp at first, but it reveals van Dinther as a restless creative spirit, and seems to only hint at the directions his artistic career could take in the future."
The Guardian,69,"Jameszoo's work is strongest when he tones down the overt jazz and instead parses the genre for specific sounds and ideas to embellish his electronic experimentations."
The Independent (UK),67,"While the vast majority of the album serves its purpose as a re-education of sorts between Van Dither and the listener, these tracks ['Wrong,' 'Nail (Skit),' 'Crumble,' and 'Toots'] drag with self-satisfying excess."

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Every song sounds earned, not just by life but by musical wisdom. Each track may cannily remind us of great music from the past, but the core of each song is original. Porters knack for melody is sure, and the musical settings are more truly tailored to the melodies than they are derivative."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It may be resolutely old-fashioned and, for sure, weve heard it all before, but the sheer pleasure in Porters singing is all but impossible to resist."
Uncut,80,"Throughout the album, which the singer produced with Kamau Kenyatta, Porter matches these cozy sentiments with modest, small-scale arrangements--mostly keys, bass and drums--that sound shaped more by the gigs he's played over the last three years than by any desire to experiment in the studio. But Porters resting state is a compelling one."
The New York Times,80,"Fan The Flames and French African Queen end the CD with real vigour. Confirmed fans will lap it up. [Jun 2016, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"Again Porter delivers passion and craft in abundance, owing to the songwriting, the acoustic-jazz arrangements (by producer Kamau Kenyatta and pianist Chip Crawford), and his corduroy-warm baritone, pliant and powerful."
Exclaim,80,"If theres nothing on Take Me to the Alley to scare away Porters existing audience, it still sounds less like music made for a mass market than that of a man who happened to have found one while following his own path."
Pitchfork,70,"If there's a knock against Take Me to the Alley, it's that it feels a bit long. Editing out two or three tunes would have heightened its impact. That Porter doesn't break new ground here isn't a big deal; he doesn't need to."
PopMatters,67,"Its more of a slow burn and a slight step backward from Liquid Spirits dynamic nature. The results are nice, but with too few standouts, Alley breezes by."

Q Magazine,80,"There are delicate nylon-strung acoustic guitar solos, punky and ecstatic Ornette Coleman covers, thrash metal improvisations for just guitar and drum, and intriguing battles with saxophonist Chris Potter. [Jul 2016, p.88]"
Mojo,80,"Theres a generally exhilarating sense of freedom here, notably in improv exchanges between the players and with Methenys one-man-band Orchestrion machine, that testifies to how attuned constant gigging has made them."
Clash Music,80,"Moments such as the opening melody of This Belongs to You or the gradual unfolding of Born are just plain elegant. Theres a similar quality about saxophonist Chris Potters playing, and all four are so relaxed in each others company that everything flows beautifully."
The Observer (UK),70,"Ultimately, while Metheny is the undisputed leader here, it's the thoughtful interplay of all the Unity Group's members that makes these sessions so involving."

The Guardian,100,"It teases and satisfies at once, which is why, unless youre allergic to Snarky Puppys special charm, youll want to play this album over and over."
PopMatters,100,"Jazzers might still balk at the high-concept planning, but its remarkable how much polish has been applied without cramping the bands irrepressible creative energy."
Mojo,70,"Any listener who has derived satisfaction from Snarky Puppy's live recordings will easily find it here, too. This is the place where musical restlessness and discipline meet creative adventure."
Q Magazine,60,"At their best, the band conjures a delicious mix of slippery funk and soaring horns, a feelgood soundtrack to roaring down the freeway--or pootling to the off-licence. [Jul 2016, p.90]"

AllMusic,85,"It's an astounding debut in which he demonstrates the discipline to shape his wildly creative visions into something not only thrilling and compelling, but also focused."
The Observer (UK),70,"Dave Harrington's group stay in the realm of cinematic mood-scapes and atmospheres for the most part, despite some of their free-jazz inclinations."
Exclaim,67,"If the first half of the album has a lethargic sense that record never quite shakes, the last two tracks suggest there may be more for the group to explore in the future."
Uncut,60,"The album is overproduced and polished to a fault, often vague and uninteresting. It's the defining characteristic of Become Alive. The individual performances are undeniably full of flavor and complexity, but put together they can overwhelm."
The Independent (UK),58,"Theres something to be said for organics, but that conversation isnt happening here. Become Alive compensates by pinning three powerful songs to its tracklist, but the rest feel like scraps unintentionally left on the inspiration board."

PopMatters,85,"A frequently gorgeous, sometimes roiling set that stands out in each artists catalog."
Pitchfork,80,"With mute on, Smith can project a tender fragility through a single lingering note, reminiscent of Miles at his most thoughtful and noirish circa Ascenseur Pour L'Echafaud. Smith's more strident statements convey an emotional rawness. [Apr 2016, p.65]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The instincts these players offer in these works display the duo's mutual desire for intimate communication and spiritual trust through the medium of sound. Their uncompromising movement toward them results in a shared musical mind that speaks in a distinctive, unique emotional language."
AllMusic,80,"Iyer mostly functions as a discreet foil, but this intimate conversation swells from interesting to enthralling as it unfolds."
The Wire,80,"Both Iyer and Smith perform exquisitely throughout (and yes, Manfred Eicher's clear production captures them perfectly), but also apply their notes, chords, solo flourishes and textures with intellectual aplomb and emotional potency. This is music from the heart performed by the brain."
Mojo,70,"Much of the music feels transitory, like smoke escaping. But Notes on Water, the last part of the suite, wants to stick around."
Boston Globe,60,"The lack of a rhythmic anchor sometimes gives the songs more free form than they actually need--theres a difference between playful interchange and self-indulgence. But most of the music simply translates deep musical respect and chemistry into moments of artistic fire and great beauty."

NOW Magazine,80,"Blending bossa with trip-hop and samba with vintage synths, she creates an entirely contemporary blend. [Jul 2016, p.91]"
PopMatters,80,"It is the most artfully rendered and sophisticated recording in her catalog, the work of a mature artist in full command of a sonic language. It's also a hell of a lot of fun to listen and dance to."
Exclaim,80,"The crooned, English-language Chico Buarque Song is an unashamed stab at the global pop market and less original, but this is still an impressive comeback."
The Wire,80,"[A] stylistically varied, intricately detailed, slyly coherent fourth album."

Record Collector,90,"Esperanza Spaldings new recording, Emilys D+Evolution is an astonishing beauty, a set of a dozen songs that artfully and persuasively bridge genres."
Resident Advisor,86,"The lyrics are elusive at first, darting behind fast-moving songs and delivered in impressionistic, conversational bursts that recall the delivery of Joni Mitchell. But the fearless generosity behind them communicates itself loud and clear, and it's a spirit that animates the entire album. With it, Spalding has once again redefined an already singular career, dictating a vision entirely on her own terms."
AllMusic,83,"Emilys D+Evolution is a tight package that should appeal to fans of Janelle Mone and Joni Mitchells more jazzy endeavors, or anyone who is looking for some well crafted, ambiguous music, with elements of jazz, rock, and folk accompanied with some stellar singing."
Pitchfork,80,"Spalding has always been a prodigious talent, but it's by adopting the uninhibited persona of Emily that the 31 year old singer and bassist has found a truly distinctive voice. [Jun 2016, p.56]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Her fifth album is indeed one of the most alt-friendly jazz cycles youve ever heard, pivoting constantly on tight, proggy arrangements that evoke St. Vincent, tUnE-yArDs, and Incubus in their odd-angled crunch more than anything on Blue Note."
PopMatters,80,"In this current moment, when the us vs them of identity politics is at a sharp pitch, it's an enlightened view for an artist to put forth."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Its a scorching art-pop statement."
Los Angeles Times,80,"While Spalding never sounds anything less than original on the album, part of the beauty here is in recognizing her inspirations and reveling in how she has made them her own."
Mojo,80,"Her new album builds on that idea [multi-hyphenate] in a thrilling way, taking the experimental ideals that she learned as a student of jazz into new directions--heady funk, tongue-twisting soul, sparsely arranged confessional --that consistently surprise."
Boston Globe,80,"Spaldings voice has never sounded so assured in its dizzying ascents from mid-range murmurs to falsetto swoops. Her singing variously suggests Kate Bush, Janelle Monae or even a female Jack Bruce with a 21st-century Cream."
The Guardian,80,"The varied works of this Portland-born bassist and singer have suggested a giant talent that spills out of jazz into Brazil, R&B, music theatre and even thrash metal. This semi-autobiographical concept album pushes her deep into art-rock territory. [Apr 2016, p.79]"
AllMusic,80,"The album is an artistic statement album with a capital 'A,' complete with an alter ego and theatrical flourishes that hint toward something of a funk-rock opera about death, spirituality and personal identity."
Pitchfork,70,"There are moments here where she falls into a nice pocket that the listener might wish she'd remain in for a little while longer."
Uncut,70,"She still favors too many Wayne Shorterish chord progressions to truly suit the easily impressed. Its precisely when she stretches--as on Rest in Pleasure, which has a melody you wouldnt wish on a less acrobatic singer--that Ms. Spalding seems most ingenuous and unbound."

The Guardian,91,"While hes done nearly a dozen yesteryear-based solo albums, this one is distinguished by its smartly chosen representation of the Gershwins musical breadth and the handpicked, multi-stylistic band (with Mickey Raphaels winsome yet penetrating harmonica again providing a crucial link to Willies larger body of work) fittingly snazzing up the affair while making the most of Willies no-dress-code musical fusion."
The Observer (UK),80,"The swinging, jazz-country arangements are perfect, too, hitching the polished, romantic sophistication of the songs to a down-home, rootsy bonhomie that draws comparison with Dylan's reinterpretations of the Sinatra songbook on 2015's Shadows In the Night. [Apr 2016, p.78]"
AllMusic,70,"Yes, his voice is more fragile than it was 38 years ago, the vibrato a less tightly reined. But it remains vivid and well-matched to the material."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"His agreeably slight new release, Summertime, is a songbook album, a stroll through some of George and Ira Gershwins best-loved songs."
The Guardian,70,"Gershwin features a number of quirky, intriguing turns from Cyndi Lauper, who on paper couldn't seem further removed from this longtime country outlaw but in execution sounds just right.... Better still are the moments in which Nelson goes it alone, pushing his famed high voice in unexpected directions."
AllMusic,60,"[Willie Nelson] brings feeling and charm to these 11 covers."
Mojo,60,"He has an honesty, knows how to caress a good song, and phrases knowingly. [Apr 2016, p.89]"
The 405,60,"All of Summertime's charm is tied directly to its mellowness. Perhaps it would have been a more interesting record if it had a hint of adventure."
Exclaim,40,"Willies battered old voice too often sounds strained and strangled on the higher notes. What should soar barely scrabbles to the right pitch."

Pitchfork,80,"Just as you think the trio are going to lock up legs and topple over, they fall into a gorgeous minor-key stride and dissipate into a sweepingly ominous mid-song bass solo. Ultimately, it's these moments of dazzling group dynamics that help make Man Made Object a jazz-infused work of art on GoGo Penguin's own terms."
Resident Advisor,75,"Man Made Object is tailor-made for laid-back enjoyment, to be consumed at a moderate volume without much fuss. It marks a nice step forward for a group that lives comfortably beyond artistic restraints."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Theres not much artifice to be found in U.K. trio GoGo Penguins sophomore album, as even though the LP is a construction of jazz, classical, electronica, and trip-hop building blocks, it flows together naturally."
Pitchfork,70,"Ultimately, Gogo Penguins music is somewhere in the middle. Its athletic, but refreshingly light on the ego. And most importantly in the often-stuffy world of jazz, they seem to be having fun."
The Wire,60,"A potent debut that juxtaposes pastoral lyricism with urban angst. [Mar 2016, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"It still feels like clubbing music, and perhaps best heard live, but plenty of house and techno fans might be surprised by how good at partying three closet-jazzers can be."

The Guardian,90,"Albanese joins a select group of modern classical artists able to offer so very much without the need for words."
The Quietus,90,"One of the most hauntingly beautiful records you'll ever hear."
The New York Times,90,"The Blue Hour has finesse, sensitivity and lightness of touch: all the hallmarks of a great modern classical album. In Federico Albanese, weve got a new name to watch out for."
Blurt Magazine,80,"These dusky vignettes are embellished with delicate shades of cello and synth, making them most suitable, like his debut, The Houseboat And The Moon, for a quiet night in. [Feb 2016, p.71]"
Mojo,60,"Albanese's piano plus synths and cello soundtrack near-darkness in pensive, drifting instrumentals. [Apr 2016, p.96]"

AllMusic,80,"Music that alchemises urban jazz with rural Americana to create something that is haunting and otherworldly. [Jun 2016, p.94]"
The Guardian,80,"Lloyd and Frisell sound like lifelong soulmates."
The New York Times,60,"I Long to See You is well worth investigating even if, at times, it is overly tentative."
PopMatters,60,"I Long To See You finds him still busting genres."

Pitchfork,80,"The resulting combos that populate these 15 tracks range from inspired to pleasantly odd, and Wells gets points for simply making situations like this album exist. His knack for conveying mischievousness and warmth are in full effect here, with some songs falling squarely on one side or the other but more often than not aligning in combined magic."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"If the pace and mood start to become a tad predictable, Satomi 'Deerhoof' Matsuzaki's Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is more of a spectral journey into a far stranger world. [Jan 2016, p.96]"
The Wire,80,"It's Wells' unorthodox vision that presides. [Jan 2016, p.81]"
Spin,80,"A set of incredibly well put together takes on all of your favourite nursery rhymes."
NOW Magazine,60,"For all their apparent innocence, at the centre of many of our best-loved nursery rhymes lies a dark heart. This has been fully exploited by Scottish musician Bill Wells for these unusual reworkings with an impressive cast of special guests."
Rolling Stone,40,"Accomplished but pointless. [Jan 2016, p.115]"

AllMusic,80,"Its a spring for your enjoyment. And like the most effortlessly beautiful cascades around, 10 Years Solo Live can easily spellbind you."
Boston Globe,80,"Mehldau is never bereft of imagination, using his source material as  a vehicle for sublime musical storytelling that results in some of the most beautiful piano playing you'll ever hear. [Dec 2015, p.87]"
The Guardian,80,"There are plenty of gems here."
Uncut,80,"Were off and away by then, following a mind awhirl in creative reverie. Mr. Mehldau--tracing connections, making digressions, but never quite forsaking the original framework--sounds both grounded and almost boundless."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The contents of this 8-vinyl, 4-CD set are mighty impressive."

Exclaim,80,"It's perhaps the best introduction yet to the sometimes-confusing world of Sun Ra. [Feb 2016, p.94]"
The New York Times,80,"To Those of Earth & Other Worlds miss some of the cosmic darkness of Sun Ra. Instead it's a fulsome celebration of the most joyous heights of his work. [Nov 2015, p.66]"
Country Weekly,80,"Often inspiring, sometimes challenging, but, crucially, never dull. [Dec 2015, p.118]"
Uncut,80,"It's another dense, thrilling journey into the daunting catalog of the most intergalactic musician of all time."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sound is bright and immediate, even on tracks extracted from less than optimal vinyl sources."
The New York Times,80,"To Those of Earth...And Other Worlds proves Ra's Afrofuturistic vision was very much for real."
Exclaim,70,"The organising of Sun Ra's music here is more like a film with staggered yet complimentary scenes, than a coherent and fluid sequence of events. With this compilation being a hefty double LP, this'll be a fairly abridged take."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Like acid (which, again, he never touched) this record is illuminating, often inaccessible, often scary and most people would hate it. But it's still one hell of a trip."

Mojo,80,"Vertigo is more expansive than Open--even with its humid, uneasy sense of musical claustrophobia. It's no less engaging for its dissonance and tension. This is possible because The Necks understand how to instinctively balance sonic seduction with limitless exploration."
AllMusic,80,"Every gesture feels bold and assured. [Nov 2015, p.53]"
Record Collector,80,"It all sounds more ominous than Necks last effort, the slow developing and endlessly relaxed Open. But none of the Necks 18 studio albums throws off an overly contented vibe--just a contemplative air. So, if whatever the trios thinking on and trying to relate to listeners takes another 25 years to suss out, it probably would be to the audiences benefit."
AllMusic,80,"From the get-go, from the very first tremblings of Chris Abrahamss piano and the hullabaloo of Tony Bucks drums, the album engineers an atmosphere of beguiling insecurity and enigmatic possibility."
Pitchfork,77,"Vertigo is a minor Necks record, destined to stand forever in the shadow of the 2013 opus Open. But, after a quarter century, the trios explorations still sound as ecstatic as they do limitless. That, at least, is another minor miracle."
Spin,70,"Vertigo may be the Necks best studio album yet, but they are still far from recreating the magic of their live shows."
PopMatters,70,"As ever, the single 44-minute track sis immersive; those coming to The Necks for a transcendent mindfulness session, however, may find it distinctly unnerving in places. [Dec 2015, p.75]"

Mojo,80,"Brilliantly delirious or deliriously brilliant, International Blackjazz Society is the mark of a band that are losing their minds in the best possible way. [7 Nov 2015, p.52]"
The Guardian,80,"There's definitely a smart-dumbness to what Shining does here: International Blackjazz Society sounds like Nine Inch Nails circa The Hand That Feeds, with an earnest deployment of such dinosaur vulgarities as cowbells, hard-boogie keyboards, and shout-along choruses."
Clash Music,80,"International Blackjazz Society is not only smartly conceived, Shining's songwriting, arranging, playing, and production are also completely inspired."
Drowned In Sound,80,"One of extreme musics most adventurous bands continues blazing its own path. [Nov 2015, p.97"
musicOMH.com,70,"Whether its the Nine Inch Nails-meets John Coltrane scree of The Last Stand, the avant-jazz experimentation of House of Warship or the trippy classic rock hooks and ominous ambient drones of House of Control, IBS makes Marilyn Manson sound as rebellious as Ed Sheeran."
Uncut,70,"Two things are certain by the time these nine songs come to a close: Shining are still figuring out what exactly blackjazz is, which means for the rest of us that a thrilling ride is still in order."
Mojo,70,"Its as unhinged as it is straightforward; as it acquires mass in the choruses it seems to list off the ground into some new, uncertain gravity. For all the blur and motion of their music, this hint of deeper chaos might be the album's most exciting moment."
Mojo,60,"It cuts and blazes and works well live in all its kinetic abandon but, if Shining really want to lay claim to a new genre, they need to integrate their progressive elements into the mix rather than add them as a side option."

The Guardian,80,"Reassuringly, Gilmour's cool and composed vocal delivery and liquid guitar solos dominate throughout. [Nov 2015, p.113]"
AllMusic,80,"There are simple and undeniably lovely moments here--the hymn-like opening to Today is especially beautiful--but these are heavily outnumbered by displays of muso virtuosity."
The Observer (UK),80,"Gilmours fourth solo record summons a heady dose of the grandeur he brought to Floyd."
AllMusic,80,"As the primary architect of Floyds sweeping soundscapes, Gilmour has transposed them on to 10 shorter but equally elegiac, very beautiful songs, half of them written with his wife, the novelist Polly Samson."
Mojo,80,"Rattle That Lock is a small, intimate album that maintains Gilmours impeccably tasteful quality threshold throughout."
Uncut,80,"Rattle That Lock escapes the weight of legacy and operates in the here and now in a serene triumphant manner. [Oct 2015, p.88]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Gilmour is, inevitably, most eloquent here as a guitarist."
The Guardian,70,"At 51 minutes its hard to argue that Rattle That Lock somehow doesnt deliver or is too short, yet thats how it feels at times."
Q Magazine,70,"It is a snapshot of where Gilmour is as a musician in 2015, and not by any means a grand portrait or statement to sum up his career."
PopMatters,70,"Rattle that Lock offers something of great merit to those lucky enough to see some of the live shows, however you cant help but feel that despite crafting an album of such merit, David Gilmour may simply not want to carry on making music that owes so much to his late companion and friend."
Mojo,70,"A gentle watercolour portrait of the artist as a young man."
The Guardian,60,"Rattle That Lock turns out to be a modest achievement for the most part. [Oct 2015, p.82]"
The New York Times,60,"The pace remains measured, the production pristine and the tone a tad too tame."
The Telegraph (UK),58,"Heartfelt, if not always inspired musings are scattered throughout the record."

Uncut,85,"With this record, Frahm reminds us that music--whatever it's genre, origin, form or status--holds a power like no other medium to represent our shared, human emotional experiences."
The Wire,83,"Where this CD really starts to take shape and fit the mood of the series is during the last third of the tracklisting that starts with a gentle lullaby from The Penguin Cafe Orchestra and lands softly with the hands of Frahm himself playing a solo piano version of his song Them."
Q Magazine,80,"Frahm, in his curating and crafting, has made something that demands to be listened to as a full album, because it is a buoyant, graceful capsule untethered by time."
AllMusic,80,"The balance of the old and the truly new in instrumentation and song writing style is the bedrock of the composers own work and many of the artists on the albums track listing."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The one flaw is that at times Frahm allows the songs to continue for too long, losing the flow of the album--particularly between tracks 9 through 11, but later as well--but that's a small concern. Otherwise, Frahm's Late Night Tales curation is a blissful, satisfying experience."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"When Nils Frahm curates a Late Night Tales installment, expectations are high. Does he deliver? Of course he does."
The Quietus,70,"[An] immersive hour-long dream sequence."

Clash Music,90,"Resistance is evidence not only of the Souljazz Orchestra's abilities, but also of their audacity."
AllMusic,80,"With every album, Souljazz Orchestra bring provocative surprise and musical delight. Resistance is no exception; it's chock-full of vitality and adventure."
The Wire,60,"They slip in some elements of skipping French Caribbean zouk on Courage, but power rather than swing is the SJOs thing, and while they have upped their vocal output here, the right-on slogans dont take you far."
Paste Magazine,30,"Here, every piece of music not connected to the human voice is diluted to a nearly unrecognizable form."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Summer is traditionally the season for unearthing treasures from the jazz archives, and this is a real prize."
Pitchfork,100,"Standing in sharp contrast with the 1950s performances, these recordings are furious, emotionally charged and borderline unhinged. Its an exhilarating contrast that, when listened through start to finish, charts the creative journey of a true musical genius."
Dusted Magazine,100,"What's really mind-blowing is the audio quality of that initial 60-year-old performance (and indeed, the box set in general), which is so lucid that it sounds as if Miles is in the room playing right next to you. [Aug 2015, p.106]"
Uncut,100,"Time is squeezed and stretched in new ways, exotic timbres are distilled on the spot, and this freeform funk still scorches the air. [Aug 2015, p.91]"
Kerrang!,100,"Miles never performed songs the same way twice, so these still carry surprises."
Slant Magazine,90,"A four-CD, 20-year cornucopia of live performances that show that evolution in real time, drawing on his appearances at the globe-roving Newport Jazz Festival with diverse collaborators."
AllMusic,80,"What makes this set so compelling is its mapping of the rapid shifts in Davis's music within shorter periods. [Oct 2015, p.68]"
Alternative Press,80,"If you can get past the non-audiophile recording, theres some great music here."
Revolver,80,"Hearing it all together, over four discs, his innovations dont seem as radical as they might have been considered at the time, but theyre nonetheless fascinating to devour."
PopMatters,80,"The remaining selections cover Newport appearances from all the major phases of his career. [Sep 2015, p.119]"
Pitchfork,80,"You can quibble with the inclusion of familiar material in a Bootleg Series package, but you can't argue--not yet, at least--with the unreleased depths of the Davis vault."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Whats significant about this box set is that it illustrates the major phases of Miles career in a live context, charting his journey from hard bop--via modal jazz and free bop--to jazz-rock and avant-funk."
Q Magazine,80,"There are four hours of previously unreleased music here, and the production and liner notes are typically classy."
The Observer (UK),80,"These performances mark the apotheosis of a creative journey that began at Newport two decades earlier."

Boston Globe,80,"Galactic backs each act with professional, jazz-influenced ease and, on some songs, a hedonistic, dance-rock pulse a la Prince, all the while keeping its Mardi Gras flavor."
The Guardian,80,"Throughout it all, co-founders, producers, and arrangers Ben Ellman and Robert Mercurio sonically map out a NOLA that's as vibrant and forward thinking as it is steeped in the region's rich culture, cementing the band's reputation (20 years in) as both innovators and stalwart defenders of tradition."
Record Collector,80,"Give credit to the bands founders and co-producers bassist Robert Mercurio and saxist Ben Ellman who molded this album and show that Galactic doesnt need a stable front person, or even a singular approach, to make their dynamic music connect with playful passion and vibrant integrity."
Mojo,70,"And so Galactic continues to fly, not into uncharted territory but to the territories that we found before, explored, had fun, left, and sort of forgot about for a while. Bands like Galactic are good for this sort of thing: reviving yesterdays sounds without the gimmicks."

Rolling Stone,80,"Though Hill shares the honorees alto pitch and stern vibrato, shes transformed the arrangements of these classic songs to nearly the same degree that Simone did on her own versions."
PopMatters,80,"This possible soundtrack takes a more abstract route while offering the same love and reverence, and it's also an almost-solo album from Lauryn Hill, the driving force behind six of the album's 16 tracks."
AllMusic,70,"The tracks vary from astonishingly good--Gregory Porter taking up residence inside Sinnerman with a palpable desperation, the urgent instrumental track matching the calamity of his emotion--to acceptable, as when Mary J. Blige renders Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood a sort of edgeless quiet-storm jam."
Drowned In Sound,70,"As a whole, the 16-track project is reverent, and pays respect to the musical icon. Whether this is an essential album is up for debate, but it's worth checking out for the heavy hitters that are on board."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"Nina Revisited A Tribute to Nina Simone seems geared towards introducing a contemporary to the High Priestess of Soul, and how well it does that remains to be seen."
Uncut,60,"Whether Hill's singing or rapping, the fearlessness and tempestuous drama in her voice are palpable--and matched by equally raw accompaniment that makes many of the other cuts sound a little too clean by comparison."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),50,"The results veer sharply between transcendent and tepid."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Covered stands, in the end, as a multi-layered work possessing an air of adventure, while still remaining accessible. Its a rewarding collection by one of the most significant composers and interpreters in contemporary jazz."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Quotes on black self-respect from Harry Belafonte and the haunting sound of a piano-shadowed childrens chorus namechecking African-Americans who have died at police hands furnish some sobering context for a warm, musical and humane Glasper venture."
Paste Magazine,80,"This set is welcoming, open, and warm: it invites fans of all of his musical pursuits along for the ride."
PopMatters,70,"On Covered Glasper does not try to answer his critics directly, but he certainly plays both wonderfully and from the heart."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Glasper steps into the spotlight, less ostentatiously [than Kamasi Washington's The Epic], with a live trio album. [Aug 2015, p.75]"
Exclaim,67,"It's a no-frills record that recedes into the background without much fuss, which works for and against the album's overall impact."
Mixmag,63,"Amid so much rewarding yet familiar ground, Covered sounds more like a step sideways rather than forward."
AllMusic,60,"It finds Glasper trying to maintain the interest of his new audience by putting a trio spin on neo-soul material as well as songs by Joni Mitchell and Radiohead. [Aug 2015, p.91]"

Exclaim,80,"While should could stand to let her voice loose a bit more than she does here, its a minor complaint given the overall quality of her work here."
AllMusic,80,"This is a radical musical departure, certainly, but one that affirms the assured versatility of a singer/songwriter whose talent knows no boundaries. [Jul 2015, p.92]"
The Observer (UK),80,"A bold step, especially as the songs slow-burn rather than star-burst. [Jul 2015, p.105]"
PopMatters,80,"Its a perfect combination of restrained vocal phrasing with madly creative production and a certain candidate for one of the finest albums of the year."
The Observer (UK),70,"Currency of Man is a further step away from the lithe, winsome pop-jazz that garnered her notice initially, and it's a welcome one."
PopMatters,60,"Some of her older-style material jars--when playing the cabaret siren on Bad News, or the musical theatre dame on overblown jazz ballad If Ever I Recall Your Face--but for the most part, these heavy-lidded protest jams are a sophisticated twist on her continually evolving sound."

Mojo,80,"There probably wont be a better instrumental album than this in 2015. It will certainly be one of the most inventive, delicate and fearless records the year will offer."
Uncut,80,"Occasionally Jaga Jazzist paint themselves into a corner--the ending of the title track plucks an earlier riff out of nowhere and it feels a little like they took the easy way out--but Starfire is never anything less than thrilling."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"An exhilarating ride from a group who sound completely revitalised. [Jul 2015, p.108]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Panoramic, synthetically symphonic and a lot of fun. [Jul 2015, p.77]"
The Wire,70,"Starfire certainly isn't as game-changing as LPs like Agharta and Pangaea, the mood and spirit is that of Miles in the '70s, but with the mechanically precise rhythms one would expect from a group born in the era of acid jazz."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Jaga Jazzist's music has never been shy on the intellectual front, and for those willing to take the plunge, Starfire's innate intricacies leave as much to be discovered as the skies themselves."
Blurt Magazine,70,"An album that is cinematic in scope and has a harmonic narrative as complex as your favorite TV show. [No. 121, p.55]"
Q Magazine,67,"It tends to be so tightly metered and bound by rules of its own design that it operates like clockwork. Jaga Jazzist tread this line very well, but on Starfire, they lean too heavily on technical ambition and end up choking the life out of their own tunes."
Pitchfork,60,"Starfire won't get stuck in your head for days, but you could spend weeks unpacking it and still never quite get to the bottom of it."
Record Collector,60,"This is less organic, more brittle, and electronic than before and begs to be opened out in a live setting. [Jul 2015, p.93]"
The Guardian,60,"The tunes remain quirkily dramatic and the thematic scene-shifting spectacular, but a little thinning-out would have let Jaga Jazzists uniquely mercurial music breathe more."
AllMusic,50,"Starfire is a missed opportunity. Instead of finding the holes that have yet to be filled, Jaga Jazzist have unfortunately chosen to play it safe."

Boston Globe,80,"Sylva excels in both its subtlest and its most ornate moments, which is a testament to its soundness and ultimately its exceptionalness."
AllMusic,80,"Snarky Puppy remains a bizarre and wonderful amoeba all its own."
American Songwriter,80,"League has boldly used Orkests mix of precision and hipness in an unmistakeably Snarky way."
PopMatters,80,"Musical sophistication meets the gritty danger of live performance; execution matches ambition with crackling energy and soulful expression."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Sylva might be Snarky Puppys most conceptually complicated album, but its easily penetrable as a listen. The album could make more demands and it isnt as stunning in its individual moments as previous recordings, but those ideas would resist Leagues compositional intent."

AllMusic,80,"Trio The Bad Plus are joined by saxophonist Joshua Redman, and the intricate compositions challenge and inspire the soloists."
Boston Globe,80,"The Bad Plus Joshua Redman is every bit a Bad Plus record. Both the songs and the song titles are clever and idiosyncratic in the manner of previous Bad Plus work."
Exclaim,80,"Even as these pieces are tightly composed, improvisation, solos, a loss of control, are never far away. This can only be a good thing."
Pitchfork,80,"Its a must for Joshua Redman and Bad Plus fans alike."
NOW Magazine,80,"Ultimately, The Bad Plus Joshua Redman sounds less like a collaboration between two separate entities and more like the assured work of a unified band."
Rolling Stone,80,"The knotty, gleaming structures often have hooky pop appeal (bassist Reid Andersons Dirty Blonde,), and the band can deliver an affecting ballad with brushes."
PopMatters,80,"As a chemistry experiment, the album is a knockout."

The Guardian,80,"Overall, Beck's playing is by turns exquisitely dainty and jaw-droppingly unhinged. [Jul 2015, p.86]"
AllMusic,70,"Jimmy Hall's vocals are unremarkable, but it barely matters; it's a guitar album and Beck still sounds as innovative and virtuosic as anyone. [Jul 2015, p.71]"
PopMatters,60,"Beck isn't so much interested in resurrecting specific songs from his career as he is in revisiting particular styles and moods"
Uncut,40,"So dreadful are these two [additional] recordings that they bring down all of the preceding several notches simply through their having been included on the same album."

Pitchfork,80,"On this luminous nine-song LP, Souther adheres to the old adage--leave them wanting more. [Jun 2015, p.81]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Souther's command of both his music and his voice on Tenderness is total; he makes it all sound easy. But that's deceptive: it takes a lifetime of commitment and hard work to deliver a gem like this."
Mojo,60,"At Times, Tenderness teeters on schmaltz, but Souther's way with a simple melody usually pulls it back. [Jul 2015, p.113]"
PopMatters,60,"Theres something rather standoffish about Tenderness as a whole."

Mojo,90,"It is an album that pushes boundaries and yet is always listenable and relatable, even at its most intricate and complex."
Q Magazine,86,"The big news is that The Epic actually makes good on its titular promise without bothering to make even a faint-hearted stab in the direction of fulfilling its pre-release hype."
American Songwriter,80,"Only a shortage of thematic surprises--given its extravagant length--keeps it from being quite the seismically jazz-changing departure that some admirers are claiming."
AllMusic,80,"There's some filler among three hours of material but the instrumentals are staggering, pulsating pieces  that breathe life into soul-jazz. [Jul 2015, p.84]"
The Guardian,80,"Holistic in breadth and deep in vision, it provides a way into this music for many, and challenges the cultural conversation about jazz without compromising or pandering."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is wonderful stuff."
Clash Music,70,"To be sure, it's a jazz album, as much about tradition as expanding it, informed by Coltranes (John and Alice), Miles Davis fusions, bebop and more; yet it's clearly shaped by crate-digger funk and film scores, hip-hop collage and gospel."

Q Magazine,80,"The result is as wild and craggy as we could hope."
Uncut,80,"A dense dream dialogue. [Jun 2015, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"Never Were the Way She Was finds these two highly skilled artists operating at the top of their respective games and is a welcome addition to the experimental minimalist end of the contemporary classical landscape."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The album exhibits two players of formidable range and ability. [Apr 2015, p.60]"
Magnet,80,"Stetson's bass sax is still an extraordinary thing to hear, and Neufeld's melody lines and textures add another colour to the palette."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Stetson and Arcade Fire violinist Sarah Neufeld dart and dovetail elegantly, h er playing the piercing counterpoint to his imposing low end. [Jun 2015, p.81]"
Resident Advisor,80,"Together, Stetson and Neufeld have succeeded in not only melding their respective sounds, but also refining them."
Mojo,80,"It is clearly intended to connect with people who arent allergic to a straight beat or a straightforward tune. But its still, in its own way, surprising."
The Guardian,80,"They wend through minimalist pinwheeling (The sun roars into view) and pared-down funk (The rest of us) to reach the title tracks Renaissance-motet epiphany, their odyssey made relatable through the grit, breath, and song that permeate their enchanting chronicle."
PopMatters,80,"If there's a complaint about Never Were the Way She Was, it's that it's too brief. These pieces last only as long as they hold interest for the players, though they all create a real desire for more in the listener--which is no complaint at all."
PopMatters,80,"Overall then, a triumph for instrumental music thats more than genre-hopping: its genre-reviving."
PopMatters,80,"Recorded live with no overdubs or loops, Never were the way she was is a perfect blend of Neufeld's violin virtuosity and Stetson's outside-the-box approach to saxophone and clarinet, their styles complementing yet pushing each other to new heights."
The Guardian,80,"Never Were The Way She Was is stunning, understated and poignant, evoking isolation and yearning for some unnamed thing. Despite some less successful detours, it's a monster of a journey that calls to mind a windswept, brutal white North fraught with life."
AllMusic,77,"Though the pieces are fleshed out with other small touchesother horns at the periphery, and uncanny wordless vocals--the foundation of the album rests on the power and warmth Stetson and Neufeld generate by themselves."
Dusted Magazine,75,"Its hard not to wish Never were the way she was would stretch further and reach out to the horizon the way each musicians solo albums have. But much like a masterfully rendered novella, Stetson and Neufeld leave you wanting more."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Whilst there are a few darker moments (particularly towards the midsection) theres are also a number of delicate and beautiful moments too."
PopMatters,70,"Its a cohesive meditation on the legacy of avant-garde greats like Steve Reich and Arvo Prt and peers such as Tim Hecker--and, of course, an essential part of Stetson and Neufelds own impressive canons."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The focus is therefore narrower, and while Stetson doesn't reach the same heights of grandiose menace as on his previous album, the results are roundly impressive, rooted to the continuing spectacle of two discrete approaches melting into one another, each disrupting and perverting the effect of the other."
The Guardian,70,"The two finest soloists from Montreal label Constellation combine here for something far greater than the sum of its parts."

AllMusic,100,"Its another uncategorisable and understated triumph."
Boston Globe,80,"One can definitely hear that there is more than meets the ear between the lines of Same As You. The tension is latent but present nonetheless."
The New York Times,80,"Same as You bears a less forceful signature than previous Polar Bear offerings, but it is also their most musically satisfying album."
Mojo,80,"The urban electronica of 2014s In Each and Every One is sidelined for a spacier, more minimalist sound."
Uncut,80,"It's 20-minute closer Unrelenting Unconditional, however, which steals the show with its spectacular reimagining of Miles Davis's epic early '70s experiments in transcendental jazz-funk. [Apr 2015, p.108]"
AllMusic,80,"This music emphasises an unhurried, thoughtful approach to life that is beautifully at odds with the noise of a bustling metropolis in a General Election year."
PopMatters,80,"The overall vibe here us one of relaxation rather than tension. [Apr 2015, p.93]"
Uncut,80,"Their sixth album is their most direct and uplifting yet. [Apr 2015, p.83]"
AllMusic,75,"Same As You isnt going to be the most exciting release from Polar Bear youll hear, but it is a solid and entirely welcomd release from a band who rarely put a foot wrong."
Q Magazine,70,"Theres less freewheeling improvisational spirit than perhaps youd expect, instead theres a real desire to cast a mood, one of optimism and warmth, The whole experience feels nourishing."
Record Collector,50,"With Polar Bear being fully paid-up jazzers, there's more of an understanding and utilisation of dynamics, which add to the pervading mood, yet the overall feeling is one of ennui."
RapReviews.com,50,"Somehow unconvincing, it's like beach bar escapism spliced with an incidental tune from the TV comedy show The Mighty Boosh. [Mar 2015, p.60]"

Pitchfork,100,"Entanglement is an album that needs to be considered alongside genre heavyweights like The Blue Notebooks by Max Richter or Englabrn by Jhann Jhannsson. Its a timely reminder of how high modern classical music can reach."
The Guardian,80,"[A] neoclassical treat. [May 2015, p.78]"
Uncut,80,"As much as this collection of instruments can so often deliver the hair-raising tricks we expect, these pieces feel more resonant, more entrenched. The surface level thrills are there, but the impact lingers."
AllMusic,70,"Given complete freedom on Entanglement (as opposed to the necessary constrains of a plot), Price expresses his more honest and vulnerable side, refined over a period of two years."
Drowned In Sound,65,"Overall, Entanglement continues Erased Tapes' music and emotional aesthetic which can lift up the anchor of imagination and let its listeners float in its possibilities."

Rolling Stone,80,"Something in the Water is joyous, musically seamless, progressive and celebratory all in one."
PopMatters,80,"Pokey LaFarge's seventh long-player echoes and expands his mastery of bygone styles. [May 2015, p.75]"
Mojo,80,"Pokey LaFarge delivers something old and new on Something in the Water, and no matter how much he reaches to the past for inspiration and influence, he's able to make his music sound fresh and alive, and this is his strongest studio set to date."
PopMatters,78,"Production rings crisp as the title track jolts at the outset with a speakeasy strut that turns to jumping jive on 'Wanna Be Your Man,' while chugging percussion and horns drive 'Underground.'"
The Wire,70,"The music on Something in the Water shows the connections between past and present are stronger than the elements that separate us from what was before."
The 405,70,"While doubters might see this as a quirky, flash in the pan, Tiny Tim styled anomaly, there is no denying the goofy delight and enthusiasm that jumps out of the speakers on every track of this immensely enjoyable, if decidedly unconventional, album."
Uncut,60,"LaFarge explores nooks and crannies left unfinished 70 years ago instead of merely replicating the bigger themes. [Jul 2015, p.108]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its a spirited attempt to keep American roots music--country blues, early jazz, ragtime and western swing--alive."

Dusted Magazine,80,"The results are beautiful."
Boston Globe,70,"A renegade songwriter with an ultraflexible Great American Songbook sensibility, McKay finds modern resonances everywhere in this inspired covers set."
AllMusic,60,"Where My Weekly Reader shines is on the quieter moments."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Her whip-smart daffiness sets up her serious moments to hit all the harder--but the performances of the (mostly 60s) covers that make up the album are largely uninspired."

Exclaim,80,"A new collection of previously unreleased tracks from the original members, Lost & Found compiles studio tracks that never quite made it onto the original album, interspersed with delightful live recordings from the various musicians."
NOW Magazine,80,"If these 13 tracks recorded between 1996 and the early 2000s can't match the perfect cohesion of the parent album, the collection's calling card is its diversity. [May 2015, p.93]"
Pitchfork,80,"A ragbag, maybe, but an exquisite ragbag."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Lost and Found is better served as a companion volume to the painstakingly curated Buena Vista Social Club album than as a general listener's introduction to the various musicians. That said, for anyone who ever wished there was more music in the can, this all-killer, no-filler program is indispensable."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its sound is as beautiful as ever too, and the arrangements are captured well on Lost and Found, with a glow of warmth hovering around the instrumentation."
Spin,70,"The music makes them irresistible."
Slant Magazine,70,"Lost and Found is a collection of leftovers, but none is past its shelf life; they all have mucho sabor."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It is no ragbag collection, even if several tunes are little more than snippets. [May 2015, p.92]"
The Guardian,60,"A patchy but sweet memento."

PopMatters,85,"In other words, Cortar Todo is yet another outstanding release from one of the most original musical acts today."
AllMusic,80,"Zu know how to handle the groove, and even though you may not notice, by the time youre listening to Rudra Dances Over Burning Rome you are totally immersed in free-jazz, hints of doom metal and a diabolical melody, right before the title-track finishes you off with an astonishing sequence of mechanical repetitions."
The Observer (UK),80,"There is a true appreciation and savoring of sonic texture here."
Q Magazine,80,"Without sacrificing any of the solidity, astringency or brutality akin to their previous blood-lettings, Zu spit out their most astral of recordings."
musicOMH.com,80,"Those expecting freedom and discordance may come away disappointed, but this is, none the less, a driven and impressive album from a band in fine, but different, form."
Mojo,70,"Whats impressive about this broadening and deepening of their thematic coverage is that its been achieved with only a few subtle adjustments to their sound, making it seem like the product of a very organic and irresistible evolution from the days when they were playing with Mats Gustafsson and Ken Vandermark."
Uncut,70,"Its unassumingly loud, and intensely physical, wrestling with the listener in a swarm of noisy sax blasts, gnarly riffs, and often surprisingly catchy math themes. Nonetheless, it feels unfinished."

The Line of Best Fit,70,"JJ Grey and Mofro provide a connection to the past and a time when talent and tenacity moved the music forward. Hallelujah for Ol Glory. Its a prime example of what genuine Americana ought to emulate."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's on those spiritual slowies that this crew rakes the biggest steps to creating the 21st-century southern masterpiece they are obviously capable of. [Mar 2015, p.94]"
Clash Music,60,"Too many other tracks have one too many verses, could have used bridges, or been left off altogether. Ol' Glory may reveal a bigger, more multi-dimensional sound for Grey and Mofro, but at what price progress?"
The Wire,50,"Grey and his bands drive, energy and enthusiasm go a long way to selling this music but at nearly an hour the effect is diluted. Leaving a handful of the weakest cuts in the vaults and honing the best parts from some of the others would have resulted in a stronger outing."
musicOMH.com,40,"It's an accomplished production--but an unambitious production, a reluctance to soar. [Apr 2015, p.102]"

Uncut,80,"This trio remains one of the ongoing jazz ensembles that seems to discover new things at every turn, that seems simultaneously on the cutting edge and embedded deep in the musics history."
Clash Music,80,"The bands refractive language makes sense of whatever material it plays. You dont hear the record and seize on its sense of rupture or argument. Instead, it sounds whole."
PopMatters,80,"This trio aims at an interior center, finds it, and pushes out, projecting Iyer & Co.'s discoveries."
The 405,80,"Like the pianist and composers other trio records, it makes for a satisfying, portable Iyer."
PopMatters,80,"This is cutting-edge music, but always accessible."

Uncut,80,"It's a sumptuous collection. [Nov 2014, p.100]"
AllMusic,70,"By singing these songs as sweet and straight as the dusty old standards on Glad Rag Doll or the bossa nova on 2009's Quiet Nights, she demonstrates how enduring these once-dismissed soft rock tunes really are."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Wallflower is quintessential adult pop, with solid if predictable selections. [Nov 2014, p.76]"
PopMatters,60,"This collection of favorites by the likes of Randy Newman, the Carpenters, Jim Croce, Bob Dylan and Elton John, among others, fits easily into her tastefully eclectic comfort zone."
American Songwriter,60,"It is a lovely Valentine record, if you favour melancholic songs about missed chances. The set feels overfamiliar, though, drawing heavily on classic Seventies ballads by the Carpenters, Eagles, Elton John and 10CC."
Q Magazine,50,"Ultimately this is a missed opportunity to either unearth obscure, under the radar gems from this era or push Krall outside her comfort zone with challenging interpretations that reveal new meanings in songs we already know by heart."
The Guardian,50,"Where Ms. Krall usually plays vigorous keyboards on her albums, here her pianism is all but absent. Most of the fills, played by Mr. Foster, are strictly routine. Its all the more mystifying because Ms. Krall, when prodded by a rhythm section, can really swing."
PopMatters,40,"Save for Superstar, which falls just short of being tranformed into a Julie London torch ballad, Kralls darkly sultry voice isnt enough to enliven her material."
Rolling Stone,40,"As song choices go, most pf these rate as overly obvious. But thats not what turns this album into such a compromise. Krall shows no interest in pushing out the bounds of the songs."
AllMusic,30,"Anything but this soporific schmaltz, Diana. Youre better than this."

Boston Globe,80,"Brainy music is back--about time. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
Record Collector,80,"It is unashamedly cerebral music, but this is a band now finding that they have a powerful beating heart as well as a head."
Uncut,80,"Produced by Django Bates collaborator Petter Eldh, Ornithophobia is Troykas best album to date, and a kaleidoscopic series of impressions of how fast theyre moving on."
The Guardian,60,"Troyka have the tools make his dream a reality. Well, they would do, if they'd just stop with that dastardly noodling."

AllMusic,90,"Different Every Time goes much further than previous comps in communicating the vast range of Wyatt's musical persona and is a brilliant introduction for newcomers."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Always engaging, occasionally magical. [Jan 2015, p.129]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Different Every Time is a two-CD overview illuminating Wyatt's strengths as a musician, politically outspoken performer, singer, bandmate, leader and composer. [No. 116, p.61]"
PopMatters,80,"Wyatt has sustained and continues to sustain himself with quality, idiosyncrasy, and integrity over so long a time, as these eight sides so amply demonstrate."
Mojo,80,"Different Every Time succeeds, though, in illustrating just how versatile and original this creative spirit has been, and how he will no doubt cast a long shadow of influence in the future."
The Observer (UK),80,"Different Every Time joins the dots between those songs (the questing, experimental Moon In June and wise, heartbreaking Just As You Are) to stunning effect on Disc One, while a second CD collates some of the wildly sociable Wyatts best extra-curricular work."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This compilation once more confirms, Wyatt demands, deserves and ultimately abundantly repays, the fullest attention. [Dec 2014, p.120]"
PopMatters,80,"Wyatt's keening, unaffected, peculiarly comforting voice is the uniquely compelling common denominator. [Dec 2014, p.110]"
Punknews.org (Staff),73,"Its curious track listing is split between a disc of Wyatt-as-frontman and a disc of Wyatt-as-guest."

The Quietus,88,"Very much a step forward from last years The Coming Tide, Everlasting Arms is a sterling effort from an artist who fully understands who he is and what he is and is absolutely loving every minute of it."
musicOMH.com,80,"Luke Winslow-King may sound like a gentleman on Everlasting Arms, but one listen to this album will convince you that when it comes to music, nice guys really can finish first."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Themes of love and wild ways crop up throughout, lyrically operating in the same vein as a well-researched period piece, careful with each detail yet functioning with the benefit of hindsight and, perhaps most significantly, the aid of modern technology."
Drowned In Sound,60,"At 29, Winslow-King clearly has a bright future ahead of him, but Everlasting Arms shows hes come a long way already."

PopMatters,100,"A gravity-defying 23-minute take of 'My Favorite Things' shows how far Coltrane had come in such a short time. [No. 116, p.57]"
Classic Rock Magazine,100,"On this recording--as well as his body of work--Trane proved that music is the superior language. And that there is only one John Coltrane. [Oct 2014, p.100]"
AllMusic,100,"You want immaculate structure and production, there are plenty of albums available. You want the sound of life, of a voice summoning all its powers to shake a room and be heard, this recording is waiting."
American Songwriter,90,"Offering works as a live culmination of Coltrane's musical journey, a homecoming and spiritual communion with the deep, creative forces that drove him right until the end of his life and, based on the music here, one can only assume beyond."
Q Magazine,85,"Offering passes that test, its both an important jazz release and one thats actually enjoyable to listen to."
PopMatters,80,"While it might be hard to hear this music as revolutionary now, there's no denying how commanding and demanding both the tuneful and flat out noisy sections are on modern ears. [Oct 2014, p.70]"
The New York Times,80,"Much has been made of these vocals, and they certainly do stand out on the recording. That said, any serious listener has heard both precedents and antecedents (Leon Thomas, AMM, about half of both the Nonesuch Explorer and ESP-Disk catalogs) for Coltrane's approach."
AllMusic,80,"Its the sound of longing unbound."

Boston Globe,90,"Across a mere 20 tracks, In the Orbit of Ra acts as a receptacle for everything that was exciting about Sun Ra whilst somehow managing to be neither wilfully impenetrable nor disingenuously accessible."
The Guardian,90,"In the Orbit of Ra is close to essential for fans and a pretty good place to start for the curious Sun Ra novice. He really was writing music for the 21st century."
Mojo,88,"Ra alights on almost all aspects of its bandleaders multidimensional sound and presents a coherent trajectory through it, alternating between otherworldly explorations and earthbound beats."
AllMusic,80,"With these selections long-time Arkestra saxophonist Marshall Allen proves himself an excellent guide. [Oct 2014, p.105]"
Uncut,80,"Whilst Sun Ra's enormous back catalogue will always mean that certain aspects of his music may be deemed unrepresented on any given compilation, this collection has huge appeal for both newcomers and obsessive fans alike."
Rolling Stone,80,"On In the Orbit of Ra Marshall Allen presents a portrait of Sun Ra every bit as complicated and strange as a cross-section of his reality could possibly be."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"So it's Ra the entertainer we get here.... On the second disc the first three tracks take matters further out. [Oct 2014, p.70]"

American Songwriter,100,"Some Waller devotees will recoil, but this is a respectful tribute from a remarkable modern-music mind."
The New York Times,80,"Moran builds on the foundation of the stride of king's eclectic, joint-jumping oeuvre. [Jan 2015, p.94]"
Boston Globe,80,"Mostly, this project is a revelation and a thrill. It succeeds in making something old/new into something newer/new."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"His performance is a respectful but contemporary nod."
PopMatters,80,"This set manages to be reverent to Waller's original recordings, but since facsimile was never the goal, it also manages to create a completely new veneer for them, and the end result is a marvelous tribute that still retains its own shape and coherency."
Mojo,75,"Fats Waller never sounded like this, but he sounds more alive than ever."

musicOMH.com,80,"Hearing him on a record like this has become the quickest and truest way to take his measure."
The Guardian,80,"I've Been to Many Places sounds like the record Shipp had to make for his own edification, one that chronicles his expansive, fearless push toward the spirit of the unknown with purpose, one that deepens and widens the already expansive reach of his language."
Drowned In Sound,78,"All the deconstructions and rebuildings on Ive Been to Many Places are more visceral than theoretical, and you dont have to know anything about jazz modes or music theory to drown yourself in Shipps waves."
AllMusic,70,"By no means a victory lap or a career capper, Ive Been To Many Places serves merely as a mid-career assessment of where hes been and where we may find him in the coming years."

Classic Rock Magazine,80,"This is not jazz for the purist but it is a heartfelt and entertaining tribute to one of the musical greats."
Magnet,80,"Though billed as a salute to Armstrong, Ske-Dat-De- Dat could more accurately be described as a celebration of Crescent City, the magic and wonder of the burg embraced to the max on a gloriously heartwarming Thats My Home."
The Quietus,80,"Its a feisty, dynamic hour long set that does what it sets out to: captures Armstrongs indefatigable spirit and keeps his music alive for a new generation."
musicOMH.com,80,"The concept here by Mac and co-producer/trombonist Sarah Morrow is terrific. [Sep 2014, p.88]"
Record Collector,80,"Louis Armstrong may have provided the raw material for Ske-Dat-De-Dat: The Spirit of Satch, but make no mistake: this is a Dr. John LP through-and-through. As it should be."
Q Magazine,79,"Dr. John shows us the scope of Satchmos influence, how the early American music that he pioneered has blossomed into a multi-faceted music that still has his soul at its center."
Mojo,70,"None of them is a complete dud--Sandovals red-hot soloing saves Tight Like That--they just feel like they belong on different albums. Had they been pruned, Ske-Dat-De-Dat really would have been a dream tribute to Satchmo."
Pitchfork,70,"Though a couple of cuts fall short of the mark, and the set may have a few too many guests, Ske-Dat-De-Dat is a solid tribute to Armstrong. It does take chances and almost always pulls them off thanks to Dr. John's signature blend of musical imagination, wit, and savvy cool."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Inventive arrangements and a strong supporting cast including Bonnie Raitt and the Blind Boys of Alabama mean these gumbo variations on obscurities and super-club standards come with added spice. [Oct 2014, p.108]"
AllMusic,50,"There's no doubt that Skee-Dat-De-Dat...Spirit of Satch is a project of love, but by the closing stages there's no getting away from it; the album is a bit of a... drag."
PopMatters,50,"Its cumbersome and overstuffed, even if some of its moments are keepers."

Blurt Magazine,90,"A tiny marvel, this record. A tiny, exquisitely-tooled marvel."
Magnet,80,"Chock-full of elegiac, beguiling earworm melodies. [Aug 2014, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"A charming record. [Aug 2014, p.115]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Calling this Wells' pop album does a disservice to its cheerfully experimental tone. [Aug 2014, p.76]"
AllMusic,70,"It's beautiful and thoughtful work from musicians who remind us art can be stark and simple and still find ways to charm and move the listener."

Pitchfork,80,"The third suffers from a bit of improv cliche in its fox-sex vocals, but the central melodic theme is robust enough to return for a warm-hearted final track. [Sep 2014, p.73]"
The Wire,80,"Despite the Orchestra's evident liking for full-on collective freakouts, there are hooks and melodies aplenty here that drive the group's mighty impulse to communicate."
The Quietus,80,"There are times when tracks drag slightly, but it's safe to make an assumption that soon there will be a change in style, rhythm, BPM, or dimension, resulting in a complex and magical record with many twists and turns."
Rolling Stone,80,"Even though 52-minute long Enter! feels very much like one multifaceted composition, it has been awkwardly divided into two parts. The first one is way more engrossing, showcasing the big band's knack for blending numerous potentially dissimilar styles to dazzling effect."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Enter is 21st century big band jazz at its most brain-spinning. [Sep 2014, p.91]"
AllMusic,60,"The music and lyrics might be a bit overheated for those who favour feints and ambiguities, but the mix of funky keys-and-guitar vamps, ripping free-sax howls, avant-pop vocals (Simon Ohlsson is a pretty good Bowie clone), and Bley-like harmony-clouds in which reeds and low brass soar and burrowis often awesomely powerful."

Pitchfork,70,"There's a shared past that's evident in every moment of this debut, and that natural, relaxed camaraderie is the reason why No Fools, No Fun is such an appealing listen."
Mojo,60,"Most bar bands don't manage trio harmonies near this gorgeous, but the song selection is uneven."
The Quietus,60,"Ultimately you wish they would have put more effort into what seems to be a really relaxed, yet not lackadaisical release."
PopMatters,60,"It could have been--and should have been--a much better listen with the talent these three ladies possess. Unfortunately, it never quite jells."

The Wire,80,"Like the rest of this disciplined but frisky album, the jam doesnt ramble; guitar solos are pointed, and each section heads for a clear crest."
The Guardian,80,"With sharp production and some of the better compositions Phish have managed in ages, Fuego ranks among their best studio albums, capturing strands of the frenetic, cartoonish, darkly cautionary, and open-hearted expressions that make their concerts such moving experiences, but which often get lost when the tape starts rolling."
Mojo,70,"Phish do all this on their 12th studio LP--struggling to transform the onstage magic into bits and bytes, and mostly nailing it."
PopMatters,67,"Fuego is new and fresh, in both content and intent, changing things up, sinking a few birdies, and settling for a bogey or two."
The New York Times,60,"Its a very solid record that features generally tight, compact performances of good material."
AllMusic,40,"The Line, Winter Queen, and Wingsuit share in the rest of the albums sterile, self-parodying style of production, but set themselves apart with their uncommon catchiness relative to the rest of Phishs studio discography."

Los Angeles Times,80,"Here they are again, the two of them, often partners before, playing mostly love songs--and all GREAT songs--and making them sound both classic and new, both simple and profound, simultaneously dangerous and comforting and revelatory."
The New York Times,80,"Jarrett's piano and Haden's bass take an affectionate, inquisitive tour through a set of jazz classics and old ballads, revealing fresh beauties at every turn."
AllMusic,80,"More important, the intimate atmosphere and the effortless rapport between Jarretts radiant chords and Hadens eloquently simple bass lines remain."
Pitchfork,80,"Last Dance is by no means a dolorous album, resounding as it does with empathy and melodic accord. There isnt a solo as outright stunning as Mr. Jarretts on Body and Soul, from Jasmine, but there may be more brilliant flourishes of duologue."
PopMatters,80,"It's just as good as Jasmine, and hopefully not a Last Dance for this partnership."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Listened to sympathetically, as soppy late-night jazz, its fine. Just dont expect sparks to fly."
Record Collector,70,"Last Dance is a necessary addendum to Jasmine; it fleshes out the confident, mature, amiable, and eloquent speech in the canonical language these two jazz masters share."

American Songwriter,90,"Whilst the band's previous two releases, 2009's Sensible Shoes and 2011's Bring Your Own, both showed progression in this direction and were wonderful in their own right, TPIYN outdoes them both and pretty much everyone else currently making this kind of music."
Mojo,80,"Keeping the intensity and power of their previous work, but much more agile and versatile in its approach, The People In Your Neighbourhood feels comfortably like Led Bibs best work to date."
Blurt Magazine,80,"It's Led Bib's best album so far."
Paste Magazine,70,"At 73 minutes, it could easily have been boiled down to give it more punch, but you cant bemoan the celebratory feel of The People In Your Neighbourhood."

PopMatters,80,"III is an album so methodically arranged yet lawless at times that even its more flatlined moments play an integral role in its rebellion."
AllMusic,80,"III's hazy, after-hours vibe is infectious, and these songs reveal fresh nuance with repeat listens."
Q Magazine,80,"Instead of imitating the manipulated loops of funk drummers that defined earlier rap, they make references to the more robotic feel of contemporary drum machine beats, which, combined with their nods to indie rock, puts them in a category all their own."
Drowned In Sound,70,"III is well worth your time and money out of your pocketbook if youre definitely into this sort of thing."
The New York Times,70,"This is a good record but unfortunately there's something missing."
The Quietus,70,"III is a fluid, inventive affair."
Mojo,60,"Their technical reach may not yet match their imagination, but that'll come in time. [Jul 2014, p.102]"
Q Magazine,60,"With an energy and ambience that ebbs and flows in waves rather than exploding in peaks and crescendos, this is edgy, kaleidoscopic lounge music for the Digital Age."

Uncut,80,"The overall effect is both dark and playful. [May 2014, p.74]"
AllMusic,80,"In many respects, Greens music feels like it belongs to an era much earlier than the 21st century. Yet in a modern industry that can often seem to be dominated by formulaic performers, Liz Green remains highly relevant as that rare exception. A true original."
Uncut,60,"Distinct high and lows are lacking, the songs blurring like a long night, but Green remains a mistress of her mood. [May 2014, p.110]"
The Quietus,60,"There is much to like about Green's music, but if Haul Away! is indeed part of a potential trilogy, let's hope the songwriting on her third offering outweighs its stylish ambitions."
AllMusic,60,"At times her deliberate vocal style disconnects the listener, and one hopes as Greens career progresses, she trades in the allegories for something a bit more emotionally inclusive."
Sputnikmusic,40,"It's all a bit similar, and amazingly unmoving, until the last number. [May 2014, p.92]"

Mojo,100,"Each [Fillmore volume] presented a wholly different side of the icons genius. But only Fillmore captures the apex of his adventure, a time when an already middle-aged Miles managed to out-freak even the freaks."
The Guardian,100,"Around these four brilliant sets, we also get three bonus cuts from the Fillmore West in April of 1970. These sets [are] a bit murkier in quality--the four proper sets here are pristine--but they make for compelling contrasts."
AllMusic,90,"Heard in its complete, unruly, sometimes crazed glory, Miles at the Fillmore shows just how furious the evolutionary pace of his music was at this point."
Rolling Stone,90,"Miles at the Fillmore - Miles Davis 1970: The Bootleg Series, Vol. 3 is an essential addition to the Davis canon."
American Songwriter,88,"The appeal of the Miles at the Fillmore material is obvious: This is an amazing band and they rip, but they never leave traditional ideas of rhythm and melody behind."
Paste Magazine,80,"Maceros edits on the original double-album collaged four nights shows into  a single, 20-minute track apiece; but this 4CD set presents each nights ebullient flow in full."
The New York Times,80,"It's a chapter in the story of 20th-century music as a whole, not just the minutiae of jazz."
AllMusic,80,"Back in 1970, this must have sounded like music from the future--over 40 year later, it still does."
Rolling Stone,80,"Now restored to their original length, the Fillmore performances--characterised by lysergic avant-funk and tripped-out soundscapes--are incredibly powerful and a permanent reminder of Miles Davis's pathfinding genius. [Apr 2014, p.107]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Their full engagement in the creative task was never in doubt, and more than 40 years later the result compels close listening. [Apr 2014, p.88]"
PopMatters,60,"It certainly gets close to chaos at times, but these live shows often did. From that point of view at least, it's truly authentic."

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Would their punk model work for a Stravinsky cover, with its unique challenges? The answer given by this recording is a resounding yes. [May 2014, p.58]"
PopMatters,90,"Its a tour de force. The works relentless, odd-accented, propulsive rhythms are a perfect fit for this band."
The Observer (UK),80,"This reinterpretation is as fresh and breathtaking as the groups past work. Indeed, it may be the most wonderful thing since its debut. Maybe better."
Boston Globe,80,"That this trio interprets such a difficult work with this degree of faithfulness is remarkable; that they do so without sacrificing their personality in the process is worth celebrating."
The New York Times,75,"The Bad Plus mostly set aside improvisation in an effort to capture Stravinsky's modernist vision, but in some ways it's never sounded freer."
The Guardian,67,"The Rite should elicit gasps, not cock eyebrowsthe latter of which is the most extreme reaction the Bad Plus manage to provoke."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"Ambrose Akinmusire, with his two most recent recordings, stakes a claim as one of the very best musicians in jazz--or any other style of music. He wont be contained. Neither will your emotions as you soak up this daring, fulfilling, perfectly crafted 80 minutes of music."
AllMusic,80,"Mr. Akinmusire has a strong aesthetic compass, and as a bandleader, he keeps a steady hand on the wheel; hes not just stumbling into the albums shadowy and unsettled mood."
The Quietus,80,"The Imagined Savior Is Far Easier to Paint is provocative: its moodiness, myriad musical directions, and 79-minute length may be initially off-putting. What is revealed with repeated listening, however, is that this set's achievement is commensurate with its ambition."
musicOMH.com,75,"Akinmusire generally resists the swaggering shows of force that can mark some young talents, but the record is loaded with strikingly expressive highlights."

The Guardian,80,"Showing an appealing musical restlessness, Inner Fire is both enjoyable and exceptional."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Inner Fire is a showcase for the Souljazz Orchestra's depth and experience."
CMJ,80,"Inner Fire further cements the Souljazz Orchestra in a class of their own on the world music circuit."
Exclaim,66,"Inner Fire's biggest problem is a sporadic lack of energy."
NOW Magazine,60,"Despite highly effective stabs at afro-jazz (Kingdom Come), highlife (One Life To Live) and salsa (the fiery Agoya), its on the spiritual jazz numbers that the band really come into their own."
PopMatters,60,"Less party than their live show (and some of their previous releases), Inner Fire is still damn hot."
The 405,50,"In boxing up their inner fire, The Souljazz Orchestra have starved it of oxygen, so only the embers remain."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"As with Until Tomorrow, McFarlane produced the whole thing--an understated yet dazzling second album that is more imaginative than the impressive first."
Q Magazine,80,"The songs here are each separate, lonely or transcendent, self-absorbed and distinct, without the background, caf-soundtrack quality of so many modern jazz singers: fleeting, melancholy, and dangerous creatures from Borges imaginary bestiary."
Clash Music,80,"The second album by this East London singer sees her moving away from the orthodox jazz trio and expanding her sonic palette. [Feb 2014, p.77]"
Uncut,70,"The second album by the British singer Zara McFarlane on Brownswood Recordings, constructs a kind of black music that descends from Nina Simone and Pharoah Sanders: serene, post-folk, post-soul, mystical."
musicOMH.com,60,"Her confidence as a performer is clear, as is her growth as a songwriter. [Mar 2014, p.93]"

Q Magazine,80,"The textures change constantly without sounding cluttered, the rhythms are compelling but unfailingly light and airy, and the tunes are, well, tuneful."
AllMusic,80,"He's broadened his palette, finding the muscle to push against his lightness, the long, legato breaths to anchor his 30-second notes, and the heart to say all the things he can't say on his own. [No. 106, p.57]"
Clash Music,80,"In modern jazz terms, a masterclass. [Mar 2014, p.116]"
Mojo,80,"It's Metheny, ever the mercurial magician, who's driving the band; his eloquent guitar etching a kaleidoscope f sonic hues. [Mar 2014, p.92]"
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"All in all, another envelope-pushing opus from a pathfinding musician whose talent doesnt recognise boundaries."
PopMatters,80,"Kin (<-->) proves that the Unity Band is the next evolution of what Metheny -- and Lyle Mays--began with PMG. Musically, this unit's musicality derives as much from feel and freedom as it does sophisticated form and function."
Boston Globe,80,"Theres a sprightliness and a captivating agility present throughout this album, even in its more reflective and graceful moments."
AllMusic,70,"So the Unity Group, this time around, finally sounds mostly unified. And thats a good thing."
Pitchfork,70,"Four of these tracks run well past the 10-minute mark and pack in an exhausting series of musical ideas that most artists would be content to spread more thinly over an entire album. [Mar 2014, p.79]"
The Independent (UK),60,"You have to skip or negotiate the jostling voices, orchestral effects and inevitably looming crescendos of the opening On Day One or the dense Sign of the Season. The best tracks, though, are worth the effort."

The Guardian,80,"A late-night drift into the abyss. [May 2014, p.96]"
Record Collector,80,"The menace and late-night melancholy is subbed for outright tragedy and romance here, and this is certainly their best realised set released in the decade since Black Earth's high watermark, bringing together all that makes this music both beautiful and ugly, while tentatively exploring new sonic territory."
Mojo,80,"Their methodically slothful hybrid of Angelo Badalamenti, Bill Evans and Sunn O))) is much prettier and more restful than one might imagine, [Apr 2014, p.69]"
Uncut,80,"The bands persistence is what makes this music challenging, as opposed to the compositional structures that shape them, but on Piano Nights, those idiosyncrasies are pressed through a grotto of layered instrumentation that reveals an essential addition to the Bohren canon."
The Observer (UK),73,"Yes, this music gets dull--its supposed to. I cant imagine listening to it all the time for the same reasons I cant imagine trying to cook an entire meal using only a garlic press. But in their limited pursuits Bohren captures a mood other music either struggles to or just doesnt bother with: Not sadness (too acute), not angst, but a sumptuous, all-purpose melancholy."
The Wire,70,"The nine tunes on Piano Nights walk a line between the haunted beauty of Dolores and the more austere, glacial darkness of earlier recordings."

Boston Globe,70,"A fascinating portal into one of the great musical minds. [Jan 2014, p.89]"
PopMatters,60,"It gets a bit noodly-doodly at times, but with some stand-out moments, notably the lovely, meditative grace of the bass and guitar alliance in 'XII.'"
AllMusic,60,"No End will not appeal to everyone--especially not all Jarrett fans. But those who've closely observed his processes and evolution will likely embrace it, as will fans of experimental guitar-based rock."
Los Angeles Times,60,"More a curiosity than a masterpiece, but a real prize for Jarrett completists."
Pitchfork,40,"Mostly No End sounds like pretty much anyone noodling about in their shed."
PopMatters,10,"I just spent 93 minutes of listening to something that could have been recorded by my high school music students during a random afternoon of farting around. I am neither uplifted nor healed."

The New York Times,80,"Boot! goes back-to-basics in terms of lineup and material, but sounds heavier than ever. [No. 105, p.59]"
AllMusic,80,"It's one earthquake/windstorm after another for an hour, possibly the group's best release since 2009's Bag It! [Nov 2013, p.55]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Boot! not only refines what the Thing do, it extends them into a breathtaking sphere where a Babel-like musical conversation takes place, elevating all of its singular elements into a rough, raucous, glorious whole."
PopMatters,80,"While it may not have the varied atmospheres of their best records, sheer strength has always been one of the most effective tools in The Things arsenal."
AllMusic,77,"Boot! is the Things sixth full-length album and its among the groups finest efforts at pairing bludgeoning physicality with heady free jazz chops."
Exclaim,70,"This LP is their most uncompromising yet. [Dec 2013, p.74]"
Pitchfork,70,"Listeners of free jazz have come to take the chemistry and telepathy of a band like the Thing for granted. This kind of sound is not an everyday occurrence, but it does happen every time these three guys come together. Allow it some staying power."
Record Collector,60,"The trio blow out the cobwebs with their relentless blasts of heavy metal sax/bass/drums power. [Feb 2014, p.98]"

NOW Magazine,80,"This sensational follow-up finds Glasper adhering to the same basic blueprint [as the first Black Radio], though this time he's tweaked it to perfection. [Dec 2013, p.86]"
The Quietus,80,"Black Radio 2 falls a note short of its Grammy-winning predecessor, but just shy of spectacular is still damn good."
AllMusic,80,"Black Radio 2 will leave fans hungry for Black Radio 3."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The follow-up to Robert Glaspers Grammy-winning breakthrough builds on its predecessor by reframing the sound of contemporary urban music."
Uncut,80,"While it's true that it possesses fewer standout performances, it's wholly consistent, and on some level, it's braver for relying on original material to carry it. It requires more listening to appreciate fully. Taken as a whole, however, it serves and fulfills the role of a sequel: the album deepens the band's music-making aesthetic, and further establishes their sound not only as a signature, but even, perhaps, as its own genre."
The New York Times,75,"For me, song for song, its also a more consistently terrific album to listen to, with the flow of catchy pop material undeniable and just enough edge in the form of hip-hop influence."
Mojo,75,"This is an R&B record, and a solid one."
The Observer (UK),70,"Black Radio 2 is a good, albeit safe recording."
Magnet,40,"It still has an easy going charm and the odd surprise, but more spice would have helped cut through the pervading blandness. [Jan 2014, p.124]"
Q Magazine,40,"What began as a series of bold experimentations dressed in a warm fuzzy melding of genres feels half-baked second time around."
Mojo,40,"Black Radio 2 just falls short of being anything more than generic sounding pop, produced by a jazz trio tinted by success."

Record Collector,90,"Open is magical, calming, intriguing, beautiful. It makes me smile to listen to it."
AllMusic,80,"Climactic yet precisely controlled, it's a reminder of The Necks strengths, all of which are on display at different points throughout Open: their astute handling of pacing and momentum, finely honed collective sense of timing, and their shared ability to balance at length a group equilibrium, be it delicate or clamorous in register. [Oct 2013, p.50]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Open's success lies in its final effect on the listener, an enveloping state of reassuring calm. [Dec 2013, p.84]"
PopMatters,80,"I cant think of a record I was less eager to go back to a second time, and I cant think of a record I changed my mind about more on the second, third and fourth time, except maybe the Necks last one."
Uncut,80,"These parts slide and slip through and around one another, creating a shifting matrix that consumes your attention for as long as the band wants to play."
The Guardian,70,"Its precisely because of the transience and mutability of Open as a whole that its fleeting moments of splendor prove all the more affecting and beautiful, despite the possible contention that--because of the often contradictory accompaniment--these might not be moments of splendor at all."
Mojo,60,"The music does not so much take off as forever taxi toward the boundary fence. [Dec 2013, p.70]"

The Quietus,80,"As soulful and vital a British jazz record as there's been in a while. [Nov 2013, p.89]"
Uncut,80,"His compositions are conceptual and carefully planned, but the resulting performances also have the strong sense of freedom and spontaneity that comes with the musicians experience in jazz."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The album goes on to balance thunder and reflectiveness surprisingly evenly."
Pitchfork,60,"At its best, in the opening All Will Surely Burn and in a thrilling closing version of Rivers of Babylon, this is mesmerising trance music of great power."

AllMusic,90,"As an exhilarating listen and the perfect reflection of Black Jazz Records singular musicians, Black Jazz Signature is a record you will probably keep and return to for life."
Uncut,80,"While Parrish just about eliminates himself from the equation, this mix will appeal the most to fans of his work who know the funk, disco, and house stuff well enough but haven't traced back far enough to fully absorb an earlier, eternally vibrant form."
The Independent (UK),80,"This kaleidoscopic mix emphasises the Black Jazz catalogue's consistently searching brand of music, and both complements and abridges one of jazz's most undersung and thrilling musical footnotes."
AllMusic,80,"Black Jazz Records is a label worth knowing. As far as introductions go, you could do worse than a tribute mix by Theo Parrish."
The Observer (UK),80,"Black Jazz Signature seems intended to shepherd people toward the Black Jazz reissue series. It no doubt does a terrific job doing just that, but it stands nicely by itself as a personal 'best of' and a great DJ mix. Fans of Parrish--and anyone receptive to this sort of jazz, really--will very likely appreciate what's on offer here."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),88,"There's some very remarkable playing and composing found throughout The Vigil, and because of the diverse range of sounds and styles that the album chooses to work with, there's something for every jazz fan to mull over."
PopMatters,80,"It's his best group for eons."
Magnet,80,"As a band, the Vigil is exciting as much for its potential as for the multifaceted talent the group members put on display here."
The Wire,80,"This unexpectedly full-on set is all about celebrating and reinventing, not polishing silverware."

AllMusic,80,"Drummer Ulysses Owens Jr displays the kind of tidy time and delirious brushwork you might have thought went out with Ed Thigpen, while McBride drives the whole with a mighty, old-school righteousness. [Dec 2013, p.87]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Both Sands and Owens are superb, technically adroit musicians who complement McBride's warm, generous bass playing at every turn on Out Here."
Pitchfork,80,"Jazz has been played like this for decades, but that doesn't stifle the cheers when experts like these go for it."
Uncut,60,"The result is refreshing but also a bit boring, although things get interesting towards the end."

PopMatters,82,"Submitting yourself to its hazy beauty may prove challenging for some, but for those willing to explore these unsteady climes, the journey will provide countless delights for the senses."
Mojo,80,"Its a vastly superior record, drawing you in with its electronic, murky ambience and the impression that these songs are coming to you from a singer submerged in water."
Mojo,80,"This whole album feels less of an art stunt and more of a well-executed idea."
NOW Magazine,80,"A thoroughly decent album from start to finish."
Exclaim,75,"Despite it being a visionary work from an artist seldom seen nowadays, The Big Dream is more cohesive, more coherent but all the less fearless because of it."
Boston Globe,74,"The Big Dream, like so much of his output, seems gloriously unbothered by chronology or even sense of place."
AllMusic,70,"Its more of an unconscious escape hatch that Lynch has constructed with intangible aural elements--a fantasy place that he allows us to walk around in for a while until we are forced back into the realm of the painfully awake."
PopMatters,70,"At the very least, the album should convince diehard Lynch fans that the directors self-imposed, semi-retirement from filmmaking is bearing some very interesting artistic fruit indeed."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Theres enough musical ambition, heartbreak and menace on The Big Dream to keep the Lynch nerds absorbed."
Clash Music,70,"More tightly structured and confident than 2011s Crazy Clown Time in terms of narrative, theres further clarity in the unmistakable voice, which though heavily filtered feels much closer to his own."
Q Magazine,70,"Even if his take on the blues is far from straightforward, this might be the most accessible set of songs associated with Lynch to date. In its own hypnotic way, The Big Dream honors the blues' lust for life and its lonely heart."
Record Collector,70,"It continues one of the most singular artistic visions of modern times and while it may not push it any further its often so damn charming as to make you forget about all that and just drift away into Lynchs meditative world, in wrong love with the weird."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"An intriguing album befitting of a fascinating man."
The Quietus,67,"Over the course of the records 12 tracks, Lynch settles into an electro-blues groove as comfortable and consistent as hes likely to get as a musician."
The Wire,63,"The main weakness is the same one found on Crazy Clown Time: the songs. As songs, they dont do much or say much."
Mojo,60,"A follow-up that's both more consistent and more predictable. [Sep 2013, p.104]"
The New York Times,60,"Its an album of spare and precise beauty, and when it was over I really wanted to see the film."
Spin,60,"This is an unrelentingly difficult record, with all semblances of pop music and even melody eschewed for a Hound of the Baskervilles trudge through a gothic swamp."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its uncertain music from an uncertain man, an artifact that will continue to influence growing pains from the many Lynchian dreamers."
Uncut,60,"Lynch showcases a grim neighbourhood that seems electrically oppressed somehow, synthesised echoes murmuring like residual radiation."
Mojo,50,"The Big Dream is but a pretty stone that withers the moment it is touched, lifted for further inspection."
musicOMH.com,50,"What's here feels a bit decaffeinated, downbeat Moby-ish electronica over which Lynch speaks or sings in a shaky blues croon. [Sep 2013, p.91]"
The Guardian,50,"With a few more such thoughtfully crafted moments The Big Dream might have been an entirely adequate sidenote in Lynchs ever-growing oeuvre. As it stands, it is barely that."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"The Big Dream is vaguely interesting, but not very interesting."
Fact Magazine (UK),50,"Lynch may be devoting much of his time and passion to his new career as a musician, but The Big Dream still has a thin, larky feel, briefly amusing, consistently strange, but rarely resonant."
AllMusic,40,"The mood darkens further here--Lynch's croon is mired deeper in dirgey, junkyard blues--and it's harder work too, which rather militates against the carefully crafted unease."
The Quietus,40,"It's a sound with all flesh stripped off the bone, but Lynch himself sounds like an intellectual playing bogus trailer-trash."
Resident Advisor,30,"A series of one-dimensional tracks, produced by Dean Hurley, that at their best sound like a karaoke outsider artist running though some vocal exercises. [Aug 2013, p.54]"

XLR8r,80,"A great deal of care has gone into the record."
Sputnikmusic,80,"All of which helps to make That's It! a vibrant, engaging work and one of Preservation Hall's best albums."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Thats It! is no radical departure, sonically speaking. Will these songs stand the test of time? Maybe, maybe not; but they sound pretty good right now."
AllMusic,70,"Theres nothing timid about the bands break from tradition here. True, with eleven new tunes, the Preservation Hall Jazz Band arent exactly preserving anything. But if all goes well, these tunes will be worth preserving 50 years from now."
The Guardian,70,"The band manages a set that subtly plays with history."
Mojo,60,"A fine outing that's less 'preservation' than extension."

AllMusic,90,"Its compelling stuff; we need more musicians who are prepared to go nuts in this delightfully joyous way."
The Guardian,80,"Theres enough raucous obnoxiousness, not to mention effortless expert musicianship, in these eight tracks and thirty-five minutes to mark Melt Yourself Down out be the front-runner for not just that token Mercury nod, but the ironic moustache twiddling party album of the year."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"North African rhythms are an inspiration, and vocalist Gaya's bellowings in French, Creole and personal gibberish also give the band much of its helldriving character."
Paste Magazine,80,"Melt Yourself Down is an exhilarating debut from a group whose members know each other well enough to head into this kind of wild territory with nothing holding them back."
Boston Globe,80,"The music Melt Yourself Down make on this eight song, 36-minute debut album is insanely full of energy and ideas, a tumultuous barrage of snaky, infectious hooks and punishingly addictive grooves."
The Guardian,80,"The collectives strength lies in their snakelike energy: all coiled muscle, hypnotic sway and dangerous unpredictability. The flaw is that it can all get a bit lairy."
musicOMH.com,80,"The result is a pulsating, itchily funky brew, pitched somewhere between Pigbag and Can. [Jul 2013, p.78]"
The Line of Best Fit,64,"Though repetitive, the record is consistently engaging, with plenty of distinct highlights."
Filter,50,"This debut feels far too uncoordinated, un-moderated and incoherent to do more than dazzle and confuse in equal proportions before leaving the listener to make sense of what just happened."

No Ripcord,88,"El-P has never sounded more scathingly unhinged as an MC. Killer Mike, who brought an urban philosophers mind set to R.A.P. Music, conjures that same level of intensity when he rains down insults alongside his new sidekick."
PopMatters,80,"While the presiding atmosphere is retro, the Avila brothers' production keeps things properly real."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Jones's playing is inventive throughout, comparing favourably to his work with the M.G.'s. [Sep 2013, p.86]"
Clash Music,80,"Anthony Hamilton provides another [highlight], bringing a gospelly spirit to Gently Elsewhere, Raphael Saadiq and Gary Clark Jr lend their talents to the great party groove Fun."
AllMusic,80,"For every step back, however, there are two steps forward: most of the tracks find Jones collaborating with some hot young artist."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Booker T can still effortlessly access the pleasure principle that transcends musical trends and fleeting fashions, with an instinctive grasp of groove and momentum that speaks directly to heart, feet and head alike. [Sep 2013, p.84]"
DIY Magazine,80,"Fun, the track which is most obviously Booker T, is ordinary, and Feel Good is so-so; Cant Wait, despite Estelles distinctive vocal, suffers from gimmickry and is the track with the least of Mr Jones on it.... The rest of the album, in which the veteran meets current talent, is mostly great."
The A.V. Club,80,"This quick, free joint project is comparatively frizzy, and doesn't leave a bruising stain of forced mind expansion--just a pleasant memory of good times had by reclaiming jewels from the corporate overlords of mainstream rap."
Pitchfork,80,"Killer Mike gets the most quotable lines, turning simple statements into punchlines and investing each syllable with a sense of rhythmic possibility; youre never sure exactly which word in a given line he might decide to pluck like a stray beard hair.... Despite abandoning some of the more layered and mannered production flourishes of his solo work, El-P still packs these songs with stray details--the roar of a tiger, those gorgeous organs, the squeal of a dolphin--that can be jarring on first listen but gradually reveal themselves to be essential."
Q Magazine,80,"Theyve refined their scope to create an album that you want to blast out of your car, your house party--or ideally a boombox having been transported back to a street corner in Eighties New York."
NOW Magazine,80,"Its a harsh listen thats likely more obscure to casual, Top-40 listeners than R.A.P. Music. Thats too bad for them, because Mike and El-P seemingly unleash every item in their B-boy tool kit this time around."
Under The Radar,80,"Sound the Alarm is the sound of summer."
Consequence of Sound,75,"This album, produced chiefly by Jones and/or the Avila Brothers, has the hallmarks of those great Memphis sessions of yore--sultry organ work, a lithe rhythm section and lots of meaty horn accents--with touches that bring it comfortably into the 21st century."
The Fly (UK),60,"True, the Estelle-sung can't Wait sounds out of place, but elsewhere this is an estimable example of making things just like they used to. [Sep 2013, p.99]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Overall, Sound The Alarm is an experiment that sometimes wildly succeeds, sometimes pleases, sometimes bores, and sometimes crashes and burns."
Uncut,60,"The standard remains high throughout, from neo-soul man Mayer Hawthorne's strong vocal on the opener and title track to the blues jam with Jones's son, Ted which closes the album."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"The funky soul groove template that Jones helped create in Memphis some 40-plus years ago never really goes out of style. One wishes there were more of that here."
The Quietus,60,"Iz and Bobby Avila (aka the Avila Brothers) produced and co-wrote the bulk of the tracks, and those are the most successful. It would have been smarter, though, to use them for the whole album, as the smattering of generic blues jams and guest showcases seem tacked on and out of place."

Slant Magazine,80,"Youre not hearing traditional technique, but you are hearing an excellent musicians physical and emotional connection to her instrument. Youre inside the connection, basically. These are real noisy love songs."
The Observer (UK),80,"The results are simply amazing, Ghil effectively standing as the premier noise album of 2013."
The Independent (UK),75,"Whichever end of her spectrum Lee swings toward--the harshly noisy or the hypnotically meditative--her sound always commands attention, making Ghil the biggest surprise in a career already full of them."
The Wire,60,"Ghil is an album thats shaped by ideas, but driven by a sound thats often disengaged."

The Telegraph (UK),80,"Their ability to create spellbinding instrumentals that blend high-calibre jazz improvisation with accessible melodies is evidenced by the wonderfully serene Reunion and the more febrile Finding Neamo. [Jul 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"In spite of its impassioned politics and firebrand title, Statement Of Intent for the most part pursued a more mature writing style with greater depth and subtlety. Everything We Hold continues this trend, whilst also offering strong, affecting songs that might increase this bands commercial potential."
Boston Globe,80,"For all this radio-friendliness, Waldmann's sensitivity to jazz dynamics and potential for improv remains sharp."
PopMatters,80,"It's a clever, sensitive record."

Rolling Stone,80,"There are 19 songs here, and at some point one feels replete, but they are concise--some in the manner of a sketch that leaves options open, others more decisive, like the sharp coastline vista once the morning fog has cleared."
The Observer (UK),80,"On Big Sur, Frisell delivers an inspired musical portrayal of the land, sky, sea, and wildlife of the region with majesty, humor, and true sophistication."
musicOMH.com,80,"Frisell's consistent inventiveness is remarkable, and Big Sur sounds as close to essential as most of his recent work."
No Ripcord,75,"It all sounds entirely of Bill Frisells unique world, yet still like a previously undiscovered land that sounds well worth a visit."
The Guardian,60,"Sometimes I wish that the puree were a little less smooth, a little less like wallpaper, and thats the case with Big Sur. But its still a lovely experience, made by one of the masters we have with us in this age."

AllMusic,80,"The album closes masterfully with Time to Go, a look at an older musician and the indignities hes facing as an opening act far from his peak. It is one of several tracks making this an album that every Harry Connick Jr. fan should own."
The Quietus,60,"Ultimately, Every Man Should Know is a record with something for every Connick fan."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Connick displays his versatility with the bossa nova sway of I Love Her, the New Orleans R&B of S'pposed To Be and You've Got It, and the sentimental country stylings of Greatest Love Story."
Uncut,37,"Connick's music has none of the attitude the singer often summons outside the studio."

Pitchfork,80,"If anything, the interplay between Jarrett, bassist Gary Peacock and drummer Jack DeJohnette is freer and more beguiling than ever."
DIY Magazine,80,"Another sublime chapter in this group's recorded legacy."
Chicago Tribune,80,"It's not quite as varied as its predecessor Yesterdays, and Jarrett's groaning is alarmingly louder than ever, but it's still improvised piano-trio music of a standard few can touch."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"A couple of tunes, including the title track (one of two West Side Story selections, along with 'Tonight'), can even sound a little pedestrian, the swing faltering. But, given time, most of it works."
Mojo,70,"For Jarrett, Peacock and DeJohnette, its business as usual. And as usual, business is good."

The Independent (UK),80,"Although Cullum got his start during the jazz singer boom of the early 2000s, with Momentum he's proven once again to be a musically eclectic songwriter with more than enough creative speed to keep him going for years to come."
The Guardian,60,"He's employed iPhone apps, junk-shop keyboards, cassette recorders and other unlikely paraphernalia to illustrate the wider aural picture. [Jun 2013, p.86]"
Uncut,60,"On the whole, Momentum is a solid slice of radio friendly pop-rock, and sadly, its truly deserving of that particular set of epithets."
Record Collector,60,"It certainly goes beyond his retro-jazz comfort zone, with piercing electric organ and electric piano lending a vibrant, visceral edge to several songs."

Spin,80,"The sole new composition, 'Prungen,' is a funked-out blast of galloping synth arpeggios, while the terrific 'Music! Dance! Drama!' fires up a cyclotron of raucous electro-punk fanfares and weapons-grade xylophone riffs. [Jul 2013, p.77]"
CMJ,80,"It's a dynamic album, one so vibrant that listeners can easily envision themselves at the Barbican witnessing all the musicians mesh in the creation of something grand."
Drowned In Sound,70,"While Live with the Britten Sinfonia may be too formal to provide the wild, free-ranging ride that one might expect from this adventurous lot, it is dazzling in its own right and in almost all the right ways."
HipHopDX,60,"There are moments the focus blurs. But it's the exception on an album that dynamic, dramatic and remarkable free of self-indulgence. [Jun 2013, p.99]"
Boston Globe,50,"While some listeners may find themselves getting bored throughout some of the ten minute tracks, others will fall in love and become immersed in the experience, not even realizing that time is whizzing by."

Los Angeles Times,82,"Hedvig Mollestad Trio have stepped up their game in every aspect, coming out with an instrumental album that's dexterously performed, often inventive and always compelling."
Q Magazine,80,"Her free rock trio is on thunderous form on these lithe and sinewy instruments, stirred up in a cauldron of sub-metal froth and white-hot jazz rock. [Jun 2013, p.76]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The guitar playing is explosive but focused, and the cohesion within the band is unshakable. However dense or spaced out this music gets, theres no question that it sounds alive."
The Observer (UK),60,"Mollestad confirms her love of The Melvins, Sonny Sharrock and six-string gymnastics. [Jun 2013, p.95]"
AllMusic,60,"Mollestad gives us a generous and welcome taste of that classic sound, which her own twist on it that would hopefully make McLaughlin himself proud."
NOW Magazine,40,"There's no denyng the quality of the musicianship on show here, but on a majority of tracks this descends into 1980s metal wankery. [Jun/Jul 2013, p.99]"

The New York Times,90,"One of the best releases of 2013, so far."
The Quietus,80,"An album thats simultaneously playful, down-home, innovative and devotional."
Pitchfork,80,"On spirityouall, McFerrin does what he has always done as an artist -- he makes this troubled world shine bright as a diamond."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It manages to preserve the defiance, drama, faith and heart of the original gospel classics, while making them sound like contemporary music."
Mojo,60,"Theres a personal context (Macs dad was a famous singer of spirituals), the band is great, the vibe folksy."

musicOMH.com,80,"This is an album of easeful warmth, the sound of an ever restless, exploratory musician coming home. [Jul 2013, p.94]"
The Guardian,80,"His pieces for banjo, like the revenant lyricism of the title track, are charming, moist eyed miniatures. [Jun 2013, p.74]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),77,"Aspiring guitarists might need the alternate tuning suggestions, but listeners wont really need the anecdotes. Rather, Jones puts it all right there in the pieces, speaking volume about the challenges and triumphs of growing up and older without singing a word of the blues."
Boston Globe,70,"More cohesive and profound at times than the records that preceded it, the album sets a tone masterfully, and lingers contentedly and without rush, allowing the listener to drop in and sit for a spell with Jones as he ruminates on his various lush instrumental moods."
AllMusic,70,"Now with My Garden State, the blending of styles is even more finely ground. Its anything but primitive."
The Guardian,60,"Written while staying in the New Jersey house in which he grew up, the record isnt so much nostalgic as wistful, as if Jones was surveying the streets he used to walk with good memories but no desire to relive the past."

Los Angeles Times,80,"At that point, Walking Shadows might be one of your top jazz picks of 2013. And astonishingly enough, it feels much shorter than its 57-minute-plus running time."
PopMatters,80,"Ultimately, Walking Shadows is a mature, sophisticated album that can stand head to head with the best orchestral jazz albums of any decade."
Boston Globe,80,"As long as you come in solely expecting to be treated to top-notch instrumentation and heartened by the (sometimes-vague) familiarity of your favorite tunes, Walking Shadows will prove to be one of the years most satisfying jazz listens."
AllMusic,60,"This is a very capable attempt to update that swoonable sound, and the arrangements do offer a few contemporary touches."
The Independent (UK),60,"It's a beautifully played project, but perhaps a shade on the tasteful side for some jazzers."

Los Angeles Times,100,"To See More Light is a masterpiece that organically and coherently blends Stetson's avant-garde playing and dark, complex themes with accessible and compelling compositions that bring a ray of hope not just for the characters in his underlying narrative, but for the future of music."
The Observer (UK),90,"The shifting contours of Stetsons music make for unpredictable and challenging but frequently awe-inspiring terrain."
AllMusic,90,"Stetson very literally breathes life into his instrument, and in turn, like the statue transformed from stone to flesh, his music softens our hardened selves--it reminds us that we were once made, too."
The Guardian,90,"Vol 3: To See More Light is his strongest and most cohesive collection in his career, aided in large part by the head-turning vocals of Justin Vernon, who appears on four of the 11 tracks on the album."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),85,"With additional help from fellow musician and frequent collaborator Justin Vernon (whose vocals are the only overdubbed aspect of the music), the songs on To See More Light are as devastatingly personal as they are emphatically otherworldly--inhuman sounding even. This stark dichotomy of sound and intent throws Stetsons music into austere relief."
PopMatters,81,"To See More Light shows impressive range."
AllMusic,80,"Like most free jazz, it's music of the moment, a work of granular epiphanies that accrete, finally, into a magnificent whole."
Mojo,80,"With electronic ace Ben frost's eerily beautiful final chapter is the perfect soundtrack for a dinner party to which only Ed Gein, Jack London and Catherine The Great are invited. [May 2013, p.94]"
musicOMH.com,80,"With New History Warfare, Vol. 3, Stetson explores scorched landscapes and heavenly scenes alike with his stylized playing."
The Independent (UK),80,"Volume 3 is essential listening and another triumph."
Uncut,80,"Despite the limited tools, he evokes everything from jazz and doom metal to techno and classical music, often simultaneously."
Exclaim,78,"In two albums, the man shatters our conceptions of music--and in the finale of his trilogy, he glues the pieces back together and hands the end product back to us, thereby redefining the word musician in a single gesture."
AllMusic,75,"Stetson has ventured into uncharted territory, and the heretofore-unheard sounds that he's brought back are utterly bewitching. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.95]"
Q Magazine,70,"The album is stacked with jaw-dropping moments, underpinned by seismic emotional shifts."
PopMatters,70,"To See More Light is another strong effort from Colin Stetson, and a familiar one. Should there be another entry in the New History Warfare series, Stetson would benefit from a broadening of his tactical approach."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Vernon guest-spots aside, though, To See More Light matches its predecessor in terms of quality."
Uncut,70,"Volume 3, produced by Ben Frost, shades closer to songwriting in places, as Bon Iver's Justin Vernon and other guest on harmony vocals. [Apr 2013, p.57]"
The New York Times,60,"An intriguing collision of the musical outer reaches and American indie rock. [Jun 2013, p.107]"

Mojo,80,"This restless, marauding and cacophonous set captures these most musicianly of b-boys firmly on top of their game. [Jun 2013, p.92]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Though it may puzzle initially, its substance is such that it creates a mysterious and compelling listening experience that assures one that more will be revealed."
Under The Radar,79,"It's got the breadth of a comprehensively adventurous band, able to balance a steady motorik churn midway between Kraut and deep soul while letting the pull of improvisational tangents and dub distortion shift the picture."
PopMatters,70,"Cerebral and incredibly ambitious, the effort never conforms but instead thrives on its lack of conformity."
The New York Times,70,"Though initially intimidating, 13 Degrees Of Reality's murky, dub-inspired sound and paranoid aura get under the skin after repeated listens."
AllMusic,60,"It's a more searing and cranked-up affair than its predecessor. [Jun 2013, p.99]"
The Guardian,60,"Bracing stuff."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"The occasional introductions and interludes niftily splice together some sampled voices that add to the sense of abstract threat and unease, even if their impact feels a little hubristic at times. Yet beneath the tempestuous tensions in this music there are also occasional hints of reflection and consideration."

Mojo,91,"Six songs-with-lyrics, each with its own vocal signature although there's not a proper singer to be heard, and six instrumentals, some straight and some avant and one a loving yet crudely irreverent 'Take Five' cover, converge toward the same goal: demolishing your musical illusions."
Uncut,90,"Party Intellectuals may have set the bar high, but Your Turn is definitely a worthy follow-up."
Pitchfork,80,"Its a cranky record that gets exciting entirely on its own schedule."
AllMusic,80,"It's bolder, more focused and just all-around more rocking [than 2008's Party Intellectuals]. [No.98, p.59]"
PopMatters,80,"The scary thing about Marc Ribot and his new(ish) band is that all of these styles and quirks are pulled off so convincingly."

Blurt Magazine,83,"If last years Heroes, with the tongue-in-cheek Roll Me Up, was Willie proving hes still vital, Lets Face the Music and Dance is a legend who has seen it all reveling in the melancholy of times passing."
PopMatters,80,"As an exercise in showcasing the singers inimitably laconic way with a variety of styles its a real winner."
AllMusic,80,"Lets Face the Music features some of his strongest and most engaged performances in a decade."
musicOMH.com,80,"Nelson has impeccable taste in cover versions. [May 2013, p.87]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The band isnt out to break any new ground here, which is what makes the record such a welcome effort; its comfortable, graceful, and uniformly pleasant."
The Guardian,70,"Nelson being Nelson, this lackadaisy tends toward the affable and charming more often than not. [Jun 2013, p.76]"
Exclaim,70,"Let's Face the Music and Dance displays Nelson in his natural element: a small combo playing songs as timeless as his wonderfully idiosyncratic voice."
musicOMH.com,67,"An exquisitely contemplative turn into 80."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"He sounds more at home and natural on these [jazz] songs than on the country music for which hes most celebrated, making Lets Face the Music and Dance one of the most effortlessly enjoyable records in his large catalog."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The album sounds as if it were cut in the living room late one night, the bandmembers easing into songs they've always loved but never played."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),50,"The country singer turns 80 at the end of the month and although much of the album saunters along, Nelson can still fill a song with emotion, as he shows on his own composition The Better Part of Me."
Pitchfork,40,"Pretty much everyone sleepwalks through a cabaret mix of standards and new songs. [May 2013, p.102]"

Spin,80,"Every one [of the songs are] a solid treasure. [Jul 2013, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"Carroll doesn't seek to start any revolutions in the way she handles this kind of repertoire, but her musical character is so strong she doesn't need to."
AllMusic,80,"This is smooth jazz raised to a high art."
Drowned In Sound,80,"She chooses a set of the finest popular ballads ever written and makes them new again."

NOW Magazine,90,"This is the most exciting and substantial Coleman release of the last few years, rigorously challenging, pumped with insinuating melodies, sleek with propulsive energies and pulsating with a uniquely globular funkiness."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Functional Arrhythmias moves briskly through these terse, but usually quite rich pieces."
Under The Radar,80,"This is tangled funk with a higher calling, furious mainly in its focus."
No Ripcord,80,"While some of the ascetically curt melodies, edgily avant-funky grooves and impassively entwined counterpoint are familiar Coleman traits, the music is several degrees warmer: full of sparky ensemble writing, varied percussion sounds and vivacious grooves."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This music has plenty of range and intelligence even in its cool reserve."

Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Selected Studies Vol 1 is an entirely successful undertaking on its own terms, enriched by the quiet absorption of congruent confederates who intuitively understand that all manner of gods and devils are in the detail."
The Wire,70,"A very odd and somewhat unpredictable partnership, but one that is pleasantly surprising in its own way."
Q Magazine,63,"It leaves Selected Studies in an odd place, one that doesn't feel like any kind of stretch for one of its participants, but is quite the opposite for the other."
Mojo,60,"Less a big splash, more fascinating ripples on a pond. [Apr 2013, p.89]"
AllMusic,60,"The jarring throb of HIQS aside, it's an album of subtle charm that rewards repeated listening. [Mar 2013, p.95]"
Pitchfork,60,"Selected Studies Vol. One is the type of album that doesnt necessarily grab you upon first listen, but theres much here to come back to and revisit."

PopMatters,80,"The partners [Peyroux and producer Larry Klein] and arranger Vince Mendoza breathe new life into iconic songs. [May 2013, p.75]"
Exclaim,80,"Loyal to her own dual heritage and willing to value her own divided animal instincts, Peyroux remains such a beguiling singer that it's hard to care if her albums often sound the same."
Q Magazine,80,"The Blue Room is a brave experiment, but one that pays off handsomely."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Admittedly there are a few misses (Changing All Those Changes for example), and it is sometimes a little too languid, but generally Peyrouxs homage to a masterful musician finds the right tones."
musicOMH.com,70,"Peyroux takes no risks here. The cultural impact may be slight, but the music itself is quite gorgeous."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"Any of these versions would brighten Radio 2's day, but eventually the massed violins and mid-paced tempos begin to pall. [May 2013, p.88]"
AllMusic,60,"The effect shifts from sophisticated to just short of snooze inducing as the disc wears on and what starts out as tasty ends up as more of the same when the vibe stays locked in its classy, stylish, chill out groove."

The New York Times,88,"The results are as distinctive as they are rewarding."
Magnet,80,"Give it time and the intensity of the music--the Hagar of the title is Lloyd's great-great grandmother, who was sold into slavery--comes through."
PopMatters,80,"Hagar's Song finds Lloyd and Moran at their most naturally curious and deeply attentive best, offering a conversation so intimate the listener may occasionally feel she is eavesdropping."
Country Weekly,70,"Hagars Song is low on flash. And it rests with love against your ear."
Record Collector,60,"For the most part, the album is a testament to the sonic eloquence Lloyd discovered on his comeback via ECM at the end of the 80s."

Paste Magazine,80,"What we have on The Jazz Age is music thats haunting itself."
Mojo,80,"[Bryan Ferry] corkscrews the concept in an instrumental tribute nit only to the very first cocktail'n'cocaine era but also to his own serpentine melodic gifts. [Mar 2013, p.101]"
PopMatters,80,"As a reminder that music is fundamentally there for our pleasure, The Jazz Age is splendid. [Jan 2013, p.68]"
Uncut,80,"As fascinating as it is perplexing, anything but obvious, and therefore to be applauded."
Exclaim,80,"It's a surprisingly enjoyable transformation for some of the tunes."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Every note is perfectly placed, the sense of bygone breeziness lovingly accurate."
Blurt Magazine,80,"For anyone yet to be acquainted with the music of the Jazz Age, this is the perfect introduction to the sound of the era. That Ferry's music can be so interpreted, and carried off so convincingly, suggests strength in depth to his canon of work."
AllMusic,80,"Ferry devotees will love it, and so might plenty of others."
The Telegraph (UK),74,"It may not be an extreme reworking of song forms or a sudden return to action, perhaps simply another chapter in the various indulgences he enjoys, but in numerous ways, The Jazz Age is Ferry's most radical work yet."
Q Magazine,70,"As stylistic cross-fertilising vanity projects by rock stars of pensionable age go, this one has bags of charm at least and is eminently listenable. [Jan 2013, p.65]"
Mojo,70,"Given that Ferry doesn't sing on The Jazz Age, the appeal for casual fans is debatable. But for the faithful, trad-jazz heads, and open-minded listeners, the musical quality--from expert arrangements, virtuosic playing, and the brilliant concept--offer something wholly different and rewarding."
The Guardian,65,"At times The Jazz Age does feel slightly like a novelty record."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Hearing Love Is the Drug, Virginia Plain and The Bogus Man this way embalms the material. And many lose a key dimension without vocals."
The Observer (UK),25,"Ferrys best songs bubble with double-edged nuances and pastiche-style textures, drawing on influences from many eras. The Jazz Age diminishes that complexity, turning many of these brilliant tunes into period caricatures."

BBC Music,100,"Everything is great."
Dusted Magazine,100,"Without a Net is free to bursting point, but it's a triumph."
The New York Times,100,"Its all intelligently arranged, but also in thrall to the energy and swing of jazz tradition--there is plenty of rhythm and blues during the improvising."
The Guardian,88,"While the album is daunting to absorb at a sprawling 77 minutes, the results are well worth it."
PopMatters,80,"To fully appreciate the album, it needs close attention. The magic comes when the members of the quartet start bumping each other up to the next musical level, and it helps to discover the steps they take to do that."
Record Collector,80,"This superb recording is as good a place as any to find a decent map."
musicOMH.com,80,"Shorter is firmly at the helm, yet benevolent enough to play the background when needed. The rhythm has taken him far."
Pitchfork,80,"Comprising mostly new material, the performances are frequently breathtaking. [Mar 2013, p.91]"
Mojo,80,"Some stunning inventive improvisation, with pianist Danilo Perez sounding like 10 excited monkeys jumping up and down on the keys. In a good way. [Mar 2013, p.76]"
Q Magazine,80,"While any new album from Shorter is an event at this juncture, Without a Net is special even among the recordings made by this outstanding group."
PopMatters,50,"Perez, Pattitucci and Blade are about as blue chip as they come, and they easily outclass their somewhat calcified counterparts on the Rollins outings, but there are still sections in the collection that dont feel on par with Shorters storied brilliance."

Uncut,100,"They represent such a cool transitional period in Davis's career, as radical a creative juxtaposition to the jazz community as Bob Dylan blowing the minds of the folkies with the crackle of a guitar amplifier."
Slant Magazine,100,"It was as powerful a set of players as Davis ever played with, but it also did its own thing, carving out a space that was equal parts eccentric and classic, innovative and authoritative."
AllMusic,100,"While hearing the band tear through early takes on pillars from the trumpeter's electric period such as 'Miles Runs the Voodoo Down' and 'Spanish Key,' it's hearing the band upend some of Davis' older material that may be most striking."
musicOMH.com,90,"This treasure trove of well-recorded European broadcasts from ORTF and Swedish Radio represents the first official CD set tracking Miles in transition from acoustic quintet to all-out fusion."
PopMatters,90,"It's a real trove, and not just because this lineup is relatively obscure."
Mojo,80,"They capture a group on the brink of a startling transition. [May 2013, p.116]"
American Songwriter,80,"As interesting for what it carries over from the past as for the future it foreshadows. [Feb 2013, p.47]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"The rapport among the five of them, especially between Miles and Shorter, is beyond belief. The sound quality is excellent throughout."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"For all the stray premonitions of patchouli-scented funk-rock, these are less jazz-rock meltdowns and more muscular free improv sessions, ones which suggest a very different direction from Bitches Brew. [Mar 2013, p.89]"
AllMusic,80,"There is a warts-and-all feel to sound quality and some of the improvising, but this is newly emerging and influential music still in the furnace, and Davis's timing can make even a seasoned fan whoop."
PopMatters,80,"Live in Europe, 1969 makes obvious that on this tour, Davis' creative vision was holistic and completely assured."

The Guardian,80,"Those unfamiliar with ancient Greek literature need not be daunted, as knowledge of the book is not necessary to appreciate the moods and melodies of The Sirens."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Potter's vision and compositions on The Sirens never lose sight of his goal: portraying the eternal essence of humanity in the mythos of his subject; his poetic lyricism as a soloist, and his empathy as a bandleader are consummate."
Q Magazine,60,"Only the faintly niggling sensation of this being a classically authoritative Potter jazz set with some suitable concept-exotica embroidery blunts The Sirens' impact."
Uncut,60,"Throughout the suite of nine pieces, inspired by The Odyssey, the spare lyricism of Potter's playing sometimes diverts attention from his sheer technical brilliance and the acuteness of his band is quite remarkable."

BBC Music,90,"Oozing more nihilistic youthful abandonment than anyone since Black Lips, their manifesto sounds pretty appealing from here."
The Independent (UK),90,"With its Ramones-via-The Golden State garage punk, it's brilliantly noisy in all the best places ('White On White', 'Wait For The Man') and yet not afraid to tone down on occasion ('Gimme Something')."
The Observer (UK),85,"There are moments when the ambivalence toward everything sounds like it might, just might, be giving way to genuine concern."
musicOMH.com,83,"FIDLAR will make you want to pound a case of the cheapest beer you can find with these guys, itll make you want to crank it up as loud as it will go in whichever of your friends cars."
The Guardian,82,"From the adrenal rock-and-roll guitars on 'Cheap Beer' to the guttural shrills on 'Cocaine,' every song here champions that adult adolescence and 'f*** it' ideology that has always made the genre so damn appealing."
Pitchfork,80,"The spirit of drunk adolescence, cramped kitchens and broken valuable endures on their frightfully fun debut. [Mar 2013, p.101]"
The Wire,80,"Without [Kate Nash collaboration Awkward], Fidlar is still an electrifying, intensely fun album. But with it, it would have been perfect."
AllMusic,80,"Short-sighted as the party-hearty concept may be, the unbridled enthusiasm makes the album a helluva lot of fun even for those who have trouble relating to wasted youth."
Under The Radar,80,"All told, it's an endearing bag of tricks."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Songs teeming with juvenile energy, songs fueled by raunchy hedonism, songs so depraved that Chuck Bukowski would shake his head in disgust. These characteristics are why FIDLAR's self-titled debut is one of the sleaziest (and catchiest) punk rock records in recent memory."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Fidlar is easily one of the most energetic and fun-filled records in a while."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),78,"The quartet's self-titled debut offers one cheap thrill after another  short, crude, and entirely self-explanatory."
The Guardian,76,"The album is filled with two-minute romps that systematically tout both their influences and their contemporaries."
musicOMH.com,75,"FIDLAR is a punk-spirited rock & roll record whose original source material is alive and a millimeter below its vinyl surface."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The worst songs make you wish they had more to say. Their best ones make you glad that they don't."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Carpers lyrics work best when they apply a Duhnam-like sense of self."
PopMatters,70,"While Fidlars debut does have a tendency to wonder towards the mindless end of the spectrum, their eponymous album, for the most part, is actually quite accomplished."
BBC Music,70,"Its debut bursts with hot sludge and lazy slop-rock jags."
Mojo,70,"They've operated as FIDLAR since 2009, and released a couple of EPs prior to this collection. That time was spent honing a brand of hopped up, surfy garage punk that comes with more variety than you might expect."
Uncut,65,"FIDLAR are still young, and they sing about what they know; never on the album do you feel like theyre presenting themselves as anything other than what they are, and this is why the album is enjoyable despite its repetition and simplicity."
AllMusic,60,"Their songs are surprisingly melodic; sweet, even--well, with the possible exception of Whore."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This record possesses a contagious energy that exists not in lieu of a hook but actively as the hook. [Feb 2013, p.90]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"Over the course of 14 songs, when the emotional range is the difference between singing, 'I just wanna get really high' and 'I feel like shooting up,' the content [getting wasted and having a good time] can wear on you--or, much like Andrew W.K.'s party music before it, it can fuel you."
PopMatters,60,"All that it has going for it is the promise of adolescent wit, and even in that regard it completely fails to deliver."
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's certainly not revelatory, but it makes no such claims."
BBC Music,40,"Once or twice they really hit the spot--No Waves could hardly be catchier, and Black Out Stout could have the Black Lips looking over their shoulder--but more often they don't."
Pitchfork,40,"Just occasionally the band drops hints that they might have a future beyond this loutish, two-dimensional debut."


Q Magazine,80,"This music's structural latticework is often on display, but the playing mostly floats blissfully free of it."
The Wire,70,"The result is an album of exploratory jazz that is often more about group interplay on various musical themes rather than straightforward improvisation on melodic compositions--though there is that, too."
The Observer (UK),70,"Cross Culture is strongest when it goes straight at the jazz tradition."
Uncut,60,"Mr. Lovano is taking a step back from the material of jazz and looking at its motivating forces; implicitly, hes asking why we make it in the first place. As long as the question lingers in your head, the album works. When the music slackens, and the tension dissipates, the question goes away."
The Guardian,60,"Saxophonist Lovano's third album with his two-drummer quintet is a very mixed affair."

AllMusic,80,"It integrates them in a 21st century musical language that is holistic and accessible while remaining fully exploratory."
BBC Music,80,"The latest Lamdin offering, billed as Nostaliga 77 and the Monster, is a thoroughly intriguing instrumental set, staffed with an impressive line-up of leading British jazz heads."
AllMusic,80,"The mood is open and playful."
The Guardian,60,"The grooves stay warm and loopy. [Jan 2013, p.108]"

The Observer (UK),80,"A thrilling, surprisingly melodic dialogue. [Mar 2013, p.77]"
The Fly (UK),80,"Free-jazz listeners familiar with the work of Evan Parker or Peter Brtzmann will find Stones easy to relate to, but the energetic compatibility of this impromptu partnership exerts a broader appeal than that."
DIY Magazine,80,"With Stones, Gustafsson and Stetson have encountered not only one another in a magical way, but they communicate the power of beauty itself."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The recording captures the irrecoverable magic of a first meeting and encapsulates it."
Pretty Much Amazing,50,"As is often the case, the idea of this partnership ends up being better than the result."
Filter,50,"They sound like they find some tenuous common ground here, some new feel in their wandering, but it's hard for us to cut through all the pounding noise and hear what that is."
Q Magazine,44,"There are flashes of coherence and grace in all the furious noodling, but overall, you probably had to be there, bathed in the glory of mortal combat."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Moving from deliciously tense cop-show rhythms to echoing guitar feedback and pure-signal electronic buzz. [Jan 2013, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"Besides being an impressive melding of unlikely worlds, the five pieces here are transcendently beautiful, and essential listening for a fan of either player or any sound art enthusiast."
Spin,80,"If you're looking to get good and lost, this record's your ticket. [No. 93, p.52]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"The album is a fairly effective sampler of Ambarchi's various modes. [Dec 2012, p.58"
Exclaim,70,"Thankfully, Connected, despite the richness of its sounds, is spacious enough to leave room for the imagination (with the slight exception of 'Trios,' which teems with movement). That's not to say it's empty."
Austin Chronicle,68,"Connected is far from being the first record to make a virtue out of spinning in place, but there's a discipline and control here that's rarely heard, a feeling of two musicians utterly dominating their craft."

Paste Magazine,90,"The high points are so affecting and brief as to provoke small acts of violent ebullience, like the destruction of fragile objects on shelves. But it will never tire. It's another remarkable achievement in magician-MPC interface."
Under The Radar,86,"This is a very solid debut release and well worth the wait."
Punknews.org (Staff),80,"While there are standouts, the whole is greater than its parts."
PopMatters,78,"For the most part, the analog warmth of live instrumentation is employed thoughtfully, reminiscent, in some places, of some of the best tracks on Oddisee's fantastic Rock Creek Park."
musicOMH.com,70,"This is a record that leaves you wishing for one thing more, though--some of these beats seem too good to be used on an instrumental, and could stand up handsomely against a powerful wordsmith."
Rolling Stone,60,"Riggins' talent for shape-shifting, his ability to play comfortably with both Common and Paul McCartney, carries over to Alone Together. Riggins is full of ideas, and he wants to share them."
Pitchfork,60,"Some tracks are wildly successful on an individual basis, but they're cut short or steamrolled right over as Riggins whips through what seems like every sonic concept he's had in the last two decades."

Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),88,"As the album unfolds you're drawn inexorably into a world of high quality music that deserves to be savoured, devoured, replayed and pored over, and above all, enjoyed."
The Observer (UK),70,"Composer Joe Acheson seems more interested in texture than development and you can long for a discordant voice, but as head-nodding experiences go, this is pretty good."
Alternative Press,60,"Hidden Orchestra occasionally skirt the borderline of cheese, but thankfully manage to stay on the right side of it, for the most part."
CMJ,60,"As it stands, the rich resources Acheson has at his disposal are sadly compromised and the orchestra is indeed hidden rather than exposed."
No Ripcord,60,"Clever, but not clever-clever. [Nov 2012, p98]"
NOW Magazine,60,"It's maritime in mood."

The Guardian,83,"[Glad Rag Doll] brings out the warmth in a voice that's been chilly, verging on aloof, at times. She calls this her 'song and dance record'; I'd call it her nimble, witty, change-of-pace record."
BBC Music,83,"[A] nimble, witty, change-of-pace record."
The Guardian,80,"Glad Rag Doll breaks intriguing new ground for a hitherto smooth operator. [Nov 2012, p.90]"
AllMusic,80,"T-Bone Burnett renders mostly old jazz numbers with a blend of period feel and modern fidelity, so they're 'in the tradition' without sounding antique."
PopMatters,80,"Krall's smoky contralto lacks the pungency of Wilson's, but compensates with greater mobility."
The New York Times,80,"What's old is new again, and in this case Diana Krall finds something new in older music--a rejuvenation earned by looking backward in years but forward in daring."
The Independent (UK),80,"The results are lively and irreverent. [Nov 2012, p.77]"
AllMusic,80,"Krall never seems out of place even as she takes chances in a space that could have left her sounding overwhelmed."
BBC Music,70,"The warmth, sophistication, humor, and immediacy present on this set make it a welcome addition to her catalog."
The Observer (UK),60,"Some tracks still sound ripe for Christmas rom-coms. But the best see veteran producer T-Bone Burnett, Tom Wait's guitarist Marc Ribot and Krall's husband Elvis Costello rough up her seductive keys with some electric Americana fuzz. [Nov 2012, p.99]"
Q Magazine,60,"'Wide River to Cross,' by Buddy and Julie Miller is a contemporary outlier on an album crowded with relics, and its beautiful realization invites the question of what other sort of album Ms. Krall and Mr. Burnett might have made without any point to prove."
Uncut,50,"Burnett is generally unable to deliver the magic he brought to Alison Krauss, among others."

The Guardian,80,"Guzo is ambitious and the discipline makes an irrepressible impact, the standard of playing from Yerard teachers or professional Ethiopian or British musicians is high, and everyone sounds tightly united, but the jazz makes it limber."
AllMusic,80,"This fierce debut [is] an essential purchase for anyone who has fallen for the jazzier end of the Ethiopiques spectrum. [Sep 2012, p.97]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"In short, this is an impressive debut album that attests to the originality and expressiveness of its author."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Exquisitely poised solo pieces that subtly pay homage to the likes of fellow keyboard masters Abdullah Ibrahim and Erik Satie."
PopMatters,70,"Yirga wears his influences too obviously on the introspective solo pieces, but these are early days. [Aug 2012, p.83]"
Pitchfork,60,"This album could do with even more solo work from its star."
Mojo,50,"Guzo is a strange album--it feels like the record label (or management) are calling too many shots, unable to decide whether Yirga should play the Ethio-jazz which we've come accustomed to through the Ethiopiques series, the cool Western jazz of Oscar Peterson and Bill Evans, or a fusion in-between that also includes soul and Caribbean flavours."

AllMusic,86,"They swing like only the second line can. All in all, it's a cause for celebration (and fifty more years of Preservation Hall)."
Magnet,80,"With the multitude of guests, perhaps this would be better as a DVD. When experienced as audio only the ears are forced to make some wild and sudden adjustments. But maybe that's one of this disc's perverse attractions."
The Wire,80,"The more it changes with the times the more its essential spirit comes through. And it's guaranteed to cheer you up."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is an uplifting concert--and here's to the next 50 years of The Preservation Hall Jazz Band."
Pitchfork,70,"Released in celebration of the Preservation Hall's 50th Anniversary, the album is a rootsy, high-energy, and spirited mix of New Orleans jazz and blues with some gospel and country inflections."
AllMusic,70,"St. Peter & 57th St. shows the current Preservation Hall lineup in a flattering light--that is, as exponents of a musical sensibility not so much trapped in amber as preserved via community."
Okayplayer,65,"It's hardly all-encompassing, but it's an enjoyable and worthy listen for fans of New Orleans jazz or the participating artists. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.130]"

BBC Music,90,"Made Possible finds the Bad Plus openly wrestling with the complex interrelationship between rhythm, harmony, and improvisation (individual and collective). It offers a more inviting aural view of the group confronting these questions, and the historic weight and imposing boundaries associated with 'the piano trio' in jazz."
Pitchfork,80,"From album to album, The Bad Plus continue to evolve and improve."
The Quietus,80,"Made Possible is as great as anything else they've done... and they've done quite a bit."
PopMatters,80,"Made Possible is at once vintage Bad Plus in its striking themes, nonchalant time-bends and full-on collective improv, and proof of this awesome ensemble's continuing evolution."
CMJ,70,"The band is tinkering here, and it says something that the album still feels traceable to no other source."

Okayplayer,80,"Elling's individualist vocal reinterpretations are well worth hearing."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Only Pleasant Valley jars--the irony in Elling's voice is ladled on too heavily--but elsewhere marvel at a master at work. [Nov 2012, p.86]"
Exclaim,80,"Elling brings an enraptured frankness to You Send Me, and sings I Only Have Eyes for You in a kind of stunned daze."
BBC Music,70,"What works best here works gorgeously."
Q Magazine,70,"Ultimately, though, it is just this diverse stylistic quality, both in the source material and Elling's arrangements, that make The Brill Building Project one of his most interesting albums."
The Independent (UK),70,"On whole, 1619 Broadway is a mixed bag. The weak links, for me, are the least interesting things that Elling has recorded. But the highlights are transcendent. Good enough to make this recording essential in many ways."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),50,"The big Brill concept doesn't work, Cahn, Cooke and Ellington not being song-factory writers."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"There's not a duff track or dull moment in this 75 minutes of studio material."
Mojo,80,"Where Do You Start is, in addition to being a superb showcase of these musicians' technical flair and expressive confidence, a typically thoughtful, informed and intuitive statement."
The Independent (UK),80,"His version of Hey Joe curls around your ears like smoke before you notice what it is. Alice In Chains' Got Me Wrong works because Mehldau doubles the rhythm section on piano, giving it a real kick up the backside and sounding not unlike the great Neil Crowley. [Nov 2012, p.101]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Mehldau's method is so dominant that everything gravitates towards the trio's signature sound, lending cohesion to a variegated crop."
PopMatters,80,"The dynamics and empathy of this ensemble remain pretty irresistible."
Uncut,70,"Ultimately, Where Do You Start is an intimate, impressionistic, and probing release that should certainly appeal to longtime fans of Mehldau's nuanced jazz style."
American Songwriter,60,"Listeners who have enjoyed the prolific jazz pianist;s preoccupation with moody rock material will be delighted and unsurprised at his choices of vehicle here. [Oct 2012, p.82]"

AllMusic,90,"Solidarity is a straight up funky, raucous, dancefloor-troubling, riot-provoking monster of an album."
Q Magazine,80,"Their music is always exciting, soulful, and expertly played; they never fall prey to world fusion clichs."
The New York Times,80,"The ten songs of Solidarity draw from a huge variety of old music, but the Souljazz Orchestra always knows how to make a simple staccato speak with immediacy."
Boston Globe,60,"It all hangs together well, and is ably supported by the band's superb musicianship. [Nov 2012, p.87]"

PopMatters,80,"It certainly recalls the space-age jazzers whose careers ran parallel to them. [Dec 2012, p.75]"
Mojo,80,"What's extraordinary about Otherworldly--its expressive saxophone blare, heavy afro-funk workouts, hepcat proto-rapping and unyielding positive vibes--is that it feels like these dudes haven't aged a damn day."
BBC Music,60,"Their comeback is an even more demanding listen. [Dec 2012, p.87]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"This improbable return could almost be a relic excavated from their mid-'70s heyday. [Dec 2012, p.110]"
Uncut,60,"Pretty much all of Otherworldly is liberating for one reason or another."
The Guardian,50,"The jazz moments here are thin, singsongy, almost marcato melodies. [Oct 2012, p.64]"

The Quietus,80,"This is collaboration in its purest and and most elegant form."
Okayplayer,80,"This absorbing new venture is essentially a set of unaccompanied musical dialogues between the two veterans. [Jul 2012, p.94]"
BBC Music,80,"You'd have to be seriously unmusical not to be charmed by the elegance of it."
The Observer (UK),70,"Burton's glassy lead lines and Corea's jerky modalism lend an unusual air to classics by Tadd Dameron. [Jul 2012, p.70]"
The Telegraph (UK),70,"While diehard converts won't feel short-changed, others might wonder whether the duo could have sprung more surprises similar to the appearance of the Harlem String Quartet on the classical fantasia Mozart Goes Dancing."
AllMusic,60,"At both its best and its worst, the album is essentially inoffensive."
Slant Magazine,60,"Burton and Corea opted for their most standard-heavy set to date. They approach classic tunes with an appropriate tone of reverence that unfortunately leaves little room for surprise."
Under The Radar,60,"Corea and Burton are devotees of the shapely, symmetrical and song-rooted  so this album is flawlessly graceful, even if some episodes (the intricate piano ostinato under Eleanor Rigby) border on the distractingly clever."
AllMusic,60,"Historic reunion of the piano and vibes duo-masters starts unpromisingly on a hit-you-over-the-head-with-a-mallet version of 'Eleanor Rigby', but recovers with gorgeous treatments of Weill's 'My Ship' and Jobim's 'Once I Loved'."

BBC Music,70,"Even at a well-established level and decades into his craft, Vai takes some surprising risks on The Story of Light, and the album almost always benefits from them."
PopMatters,70,"You just need to listen and enjoy without reading too much into the material. That is easy to do here."
The Guardian,70,"The Story of Light is business as usual for Vai, a man who fights to avoid repeating himself and always tries to find new territory on an instrument that he has described as being 'infinite' in its creative potential."
The New York Times,60,"What The Story of Light shows in the end is that for every daring composition he gets right, there will be a few that are either too safe or not as well thought out."

BBC Music,80,"A tight set of well-slung tunes that show the elements of a classic quartet outing in nice balance."
Mojo,80,"The album is a knockout: hard nosed and hyperacute, tradition minded but modern, defined by the high-wire grace of his working band."
The Guardian,80,"It's often observed that this fine saxophonist's studio recordings rarely catch his live-show fire.There's a relaxation about this one, however that comes very close."
The New York Times,70,"Rather than offer anything new, they instead focus on re-introducing the band as a creative unit whose capacity for musical excellence is undiminished."
AllMusic,60,"Where some of their peers have explored the stranger outreaches of afro-tech-jazz, or shown us just how darned dialectically integrated jazz and hip-hop are, Branford Marsalis and his crew have firmly entrenched themselves in a past long gone."

PopMatters,80,"This epic finally reveals his personal vision in all its frenetic glory. [Aug 2012, p.94]"
The Independent (UK),80,"This double album takes its time, and it's mostly all about Scott's trumpet, but it's a tour de force just the same."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"On Christian aTunde ADJuah, Scott and company create a seamless, holistic 21st century jazz that confidently points toward new harmonic horizons."
musicOMH.com,70,"Trumpeter Scott and his quintet simmer and stretch their way through vast emotional terrain."
Q Magazine,60,"Christian aTunde Adjuah unfortunately feels like it plays the same hand a few too many times; for all its talk of musical gambles and progressive thinking, the album surprises most by ultimately playing things a little too close to the vest."
BBC Music,60,"The album's unity of mood becomes a haze over the course of its nearly two-hour running time."

The Guardian,80,"A cool, edgy soundtrack for the summer, should it ever arrive."
AllMusic,80,"These veterans are already better than The Funkees. [Oct 2012, p.91]"
Mojo,70,"Konkoma's sound is rooted in 1970s Afrobeat, complete with blasting horn section and gloriously fuzzy organ, but shot through with touches of highlife, funk and rock. [Aug 2012, p.75]"
Okayplayer,60,"The players' energy and instrumental prowess are captured intact, even if some of the analogue grit that makes the '70s originals so compelling has been sacrificed. [Aug 2012, p.102]"

AllMusic,80,"Another Country is an album that radiates warmth. Not just the warmth of southern seas and skies, but the human warmth that beams directly out of Ms. Wilson's heaving heart."
PopMatters,80,"This is a belting return to form by the best vocal artist in jazz."
Mojo,70,"To her credit, the songs she has written here sustain a mood."
Uncut,70,"Though there are a couple of missteps here, Another Country is a welcome new phase for Wilson."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Minimalist production values prevail and succeed in highlighting the beautiful--and often haunting melancholic--sonorities of Wilson's pipes. [Sep 2012, p.90]"
Mojo,60,"The light touch and subtle shading of this session, recorded in Florence, are also down to a French/Italian/Nigerian lineup featuring two percussionists (Mino Cinelu and Lekan Babalola), accordion and bass."

Q Magazine,100,"The playing and recording, needless to say, are immaculate."
PopMatters,80,"Whatever expectations a solo album by a saxophonist conjures up, Saltash Bells is likely to belie them."
The Wire,80,"It's less introspective than Surman's past solo work has sometimes been, and it's full of buoyant, engaging lyricism."
AllMusic,80,"While there's perhaps a surfeit of synth-washes, the beautiful 'Winter Elegy' superbly fulfils the opening promise."

Mojo,100,"Stapleton's writing for this recording, satisfies on every level."
The Observer (UK),80,"Even though much of the album is inwardly gazing, there are repeated outbreaks of jazz toughness."
Uncut,80,"It could have been trimmed a shade, but it's another leap forward for a fast-developing European jazz original."
BBC Music,60,"Combining the sounds and textures of jazz quartet and string quartet is a tricky business, and there are moments here when the two seem about to come unstuck."


Slant Magazine,92,"Once again, he masterfully conveys his understanding of the free jazz form, and yet never duplicates his father in the least. In fact, Spirit Fiction may just be his most forward-thinking album thus far."
PopMatters,80,"Spirit Fiction is a confident next step for the saxophonist; its execution and ambition offer a glance at where he's been, but more importantly, a solid look at where he's going."
The Guardian,80,"It genuinely sounds like a coming-of-age for Ravi Coltrane."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Spirit Fiction proves that he is the real deal and a perfect fit for his new label. It is a more than pleasing ride that never quite soars into the stratosphere, laying a firm foundation of artistry while hinting towards even greater things to come."
AllMusic,70,"His most complete artistic statement, and one of his most self-possessed."
American Songwriter,70,"Spirit Fiction is jazz the way it's supposed to be: cool, chaotic, and unassuming. It's good music for the sake of good music."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The Blue Note debut can be as frustratingly tentative as his first outing for RCA 15 years ago.... Things do heat up, with drummer Eric Harland stoking the fires, but there's no big flame."

PopMatters,80,"Unity Band is now a scintillating platform for Metheny's fretboard wizardry. [Aug 2012, p/94]"
Boston Globe,80,"Each of these nine pieces has its own character  playful, mysterious, rhythmically compelling or folkishly tuneful  each one exquisitely performed and uniquely absorbing."
The New York Times,80,"One of Metheny's best releases in recent times."
The Guardian,80,"Metheny and [sax player, Chris] Potter are free to sprint and they do; both dazzle with their lyric invention and knotty, imaginative, nearly boppish solos. The two front-line players are surely at their best in one another's company."
AllMusic,80,"The themes are typical Metheny: sensuous Latin grooves, synth-guitar fusion, folksy ballads, a good deal of jazz swing  and the rhythm section is mindboggling, not to mention beautifully recorded."
PopMatters,60,"Unity Band is rich in great playing, but it is not sure what it wants to be. Carrying too much weight for a single album, this Metheny disc is both too much and too little."
Mojo,60,"A partial return to top form for the widdly-diddly axe-meister."

The Guardian,80,"It could all be so much MOR easy-on-the-earwash but Gardot's silken voice, musicality and knack for a telling lyric exude class. [Jun 2012, p.92]"
AllMusic,80,"[A] spellbinding third studio album."
Boston Globe,80,"When you rouse yourself from Gardot's dream, it can be hard to recall any individual song, but the reverie is beautiful."
PopMatters,70,"The Absence isn't just an experiment in various styles. The songs are terrific. too. [Jul 2012, p.73]"
The New York Times,70,"The album is a lush, somewhat orchestral album that finds Gardot delving into various Brazilian, Spanish, and African-influenced sounds -- including bits of samba, tango, bossa nova, and calypso -- that evince her global journey."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"It never really breaks free, but The Absence is, in its best bits, an album of real beauty and elegance, and should cause hearts to grow fond of her."

Mojo,100,"In this globalised but fragmented world, now so obsessed with immediacy, rapidity and digestibility, Ten Freedom Summers is a visionary work of protest and power."
Uncut,100,"Another classic of the genre is born."
Q Magazine,100,"In four and a half hours, Wadada Leo Smith writes one of America's defining events in sound, and the story is all of ours."
BBC Music,100,"There are four CDs' worth but it's enormously rewarding, like mid-period Miles Davis playing Ligeti."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"Ten Freedom Summers is his magnum opus; it belongs in jazz's canonical lexicon with Duke Ellington's Black Brown & Beige and Max Roach's Freedom Now Suite."
The New York Times,90,"With this encyclopedic set, Smith delivers yet another convincing musical document for his consideration as one of the most accomplished composers/bandleaders currently working in creative improvised music."
AllMusic,80,"Smith's music resonates with the suffering and the dreams of a better life that embodied the decade of 1954 to 1964 that is the subject of this powerful compendium of compositions."
Mojo,80,"The jazz and classical groups play separately and sometimes merge, and though conventional themes or sustained pulses are mostly sidelined by the languages of free jazz and contemporary classical music, this epic life's work is a landmark in jazz's rich canon."

The Guardian,80,"With its hurtling, remorselessly breakneck pace this isn't an album you listen to as such; rather, you grapple with it."
The Observer (UK),80,"It has an unnerving, visceral impact--it is fragmentary, destabilising and confounding but all in the best possible way."
BBC Music,80,"Deploying a lot more hardware, they've made the textures thicker, the extremes scarier, and the soundscape more diverse."
The Guardian,60,"There is less of the soundscaping and eerie atmospherics that made last year's X EP so entertainingly varied. [Jun 2012, p.85]"

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The arrangements are sharp and witty, the singing deceptively easygoing, and the guitar playing just terrific."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Shockingly, it all works--quite well. If you like Pizzarelli, you'll enjoy this immensely. If, however, you find his voice too thin and nasally, then Double Exposure won't win you over."
BBC Music,70,"What's charming about this album, beyond the sheer quality of the songs and the arrangements, is Pizzarelli's obvious and genuine love for this really broad gamut of material, and his insight into the varied qualities that make them all great songs."
The Guardian,70,"The good stuff, whenever it was first made, is just good. And there's no reason not to have fun with it. John Pizzarelli is good at the fun stuff, again."

The Observer (UK),100,"You'll wish you'd been there. You'll wish it would never end."
Okayplayer,100,"This was Fela on classic form."
AllMusic,80,"This is not exciting music; it's a hypnotically paced political screed."
The Guardian,79,"It is a mostly great show, though not all dynamite."
PopMatters,70,"He doesn't sound very dangerous. Just glad to be out. [ Aug 2012, p.55]"
The New York Times,70,"The sound quality isn't ideal, but Fela's bruising music is."
BBC Music,70,"The two hours and four tracks of Love In Detroit capture the mood and excitement of a Fela show during this second phase of his career. [Jun 2012, p.93]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"While it isn't all great, most of it is, and while this isn't the best way for newcomers to acquaint themselves with Fela Kuti's music, it is an essential document for fans."
Mojo,60,"There's still no room for the instrumental warm-up, so don't throw out that original bootleg. [Jun 2012, p.99]"

The Observer (UK),80,"Exquisitely sung, swept over with stormy emotions, Wild Dog's autumnal mysteries are alluring indeed. [Jul 2012, p.85]"
BBC Music,80,"While much of Susanna's reputation may have been built on her skills as an interpreter of other people's songs, Wild Dog is a testament to the subtly haunting power of her own music."
AllMusic,80,"Beneath the jazz-folk toned melancholia there's a new dramatic intensity. [Jun 2012, p.83]"
The Guardian,70,"If hippie songstresses, piercing sopranos and meandering song craftsmanship are your bag, this album is certainly for you."
PopMatters,60,"It's sometimes harrowing, sometimes beautiful and quite often both. [Jun 2012, p.105]"

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This music is welcoming and accessible, underscoring the notion that Garrett's new compositions have that mercurial something in them that approaches the mysterious nature of song itself."
Mojo,80,"It's a sure bet for fans of post-bop jazz and beyond."
The New York Times,70,"The better of these compositions suggest the pithy durability and deceptive simplicity of folk songs."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"It's an uneven, rather unfinished-sounding album, but there are two gorgeous minimal-improv ballads."

Uncut,90,"ECM may have its detractors, but they've given us an unexpected gem here and maybe one of the jazz records of the year so far."
AllMusic,80,"Thoroughly satisfying in sum, Hart and crew still succeed in leaving the listener desirous of more."
musicOMH.com,80,"All Our Reasons is wonderfully executed, and full of excellent tunes, nice improvisational turns, numerous surprises (many of them subtle), and a warm, lively sense of engagement throughout."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's an A-list lineup, but focused on making unique music rather than parading technicalities."
BBC Music,80,"With All Our Reasons, there's clear potential for another sustained relationship, and a tantalizingly high bar to clear."

PopMatters,90,"It is a stunning achievement in contemporary pop. Yet, unlike so much of contemporary pop, it's timeless."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),89,"At just 11 tracks, this record flexes serious range, but what's even more impressive is that it rarely sounds overextended."
AllMusic,80,"Spalding's charisma, whimsical poetry and enthusiasm for jamming still run through the heavily produced set."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Together [Radio Music Society and Chamber Music Society] they reveal the impressive range of this multi-talented young bassist/composer/singer."
Exclaim,80,"Spalding's improvised ensemble pieces put pay to the tittle-tattle about jazz being dead. It is very much alive. [Apr 2012, p.90]"
The Guardian,80,"Most of the songs are breezy reflections on romance--even two Q-Tip productions lack bite--but its melodious artiness is engaging. [Apr 2012, p.84]"
BBC Music,75,"Radio Music Society is no dumb-down job."
musicOMH.com,70,"While Radio Music Society may play better to younger pop audiences than more die-hard jazzheads, this program is so diverse and well executed--despite a little overreaching--it's anybody's guess."
The Guardian,70,"Most of the record finds organic urban grooves, frosts them with sweet pop-soul hooks and serves them up hot and fluffy."
Mojo,70,"Spalding is too able a musician to botch this template, so the obvious enquiry is: does she bring sufficient personality to the table to avoid being derivative? For the most part, yes."
The Observer (UK),67,"[Radio Music Society] positions Spalding as an artist looking forward and back, a powerful stance."
Boston Globe,60,"Spalding tries to breathe new life into the dead form of smooth jazz-fusion. And nearly succeeds."
AllMusic,60,"She's the kind of artist whose skills absolutely merit a wide audience, but Radio Music Society proves that she hasn't quite figured out how to capture one."
PopMatters,60,"In short, if you're stuck in a traffic jam, this is a record which will make you want to open the sunroof."
BBC Music,60,"Despite this obvious recommendation, the more radio-friendly follow-up still proves hard to love."
The Guardian,50,"Despite a charmingly lithe voice, her song writing has a way to go."

Exclaim,90,"A most welcome return."
Pitchfork,90,"While the theme of the album may be dedications to others, what Mehldau has ultimately crafted is an ode to the confidence, style and precision of his own trio's playing, displaying all the panache and charm of old companions reuniting once more."
The Wire,80,"Full of understated elegance, Ode reminds us that Mehldau's is an increasingly significant body of work. [May 2012, p.82]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Ode is a more traditional jazz record than Day Is Done in that it features concise themes and long improvisations, with brilliant rhythmic play running throughout the trio's incredible dialogue... And it's fantastic."
Uncut,80,"While the title may reflect a a certain ponderousness, these 11 tunes are anything but."
AllMusic,80,"The material is all Mehldau's and quality varies from the standing ovations of the opening and closing tunes to lesser tricked-up vamps, but bass and drums groove superbly throughout."
Mojo,80,"Most of the trio's hallmarks are here: resonant lyricism, floating locomotion, a harmonic approach that brings depth to simple structures and sleekness to the more complex ones."
Mojo,80,"All three players are articulating a ceaseless stream of fresh ideas throughout this electrically energised session."
AllMusic,80,"It bears a lot of replaying."
Uncut,70,"Absorbing."

Exclaim,80,"You can feel him, almost, willing the elements of words, drums and bass to come together in a music that is more than the sum of its parts."
Q Magazine,70,"Although the switch in tempo and style from song to song is abrupt, there's consistency that follows the album through to the end."
AllMusic,70,"Schrader and Rice apply their take on it [minimalism as art] brilliantly throughout Jazz Mind, via a different set of goals and reference points."
PopMatters,70,"It has a known start and finish, with a middle that's tied together cleanly enough."
The New York Times,70,"For all its restrictions, Jazz Mind is a tasty little album."

The Guardian,100,"Accelerando is a rambunctious yet nimble celebration of the groove that turns as much on the fulcrum of drummer Marcus Gilmore and bassist Stephan Crump as it does on Iyer's restlessly inventive piano."
BBC Music,90,"As its title suggests, Accelerando provides plenty of speed and also a very real adrenaline rush."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Interspersed in between the renditions throughout the course of Accelerando... are five outstanding Iyer-penned performances."
AllMusic,90,"This album is a gift from Vijay Iyer."
The Guardian,82,"From the first shudder of the keyboard and crack of drums to that last, celebratory walk through the village of the virgins, Iyer, Crump and Gilmore keep things spellbinding."
The New York Times,80,"Put simply, Accelerando is an album filled with highlights."
Boston Globe,80,"Accelerando is a triumph in creativity and expert musicianship, and further underscores Iyer's status as a genuine jazz innovator."
Okayplayer,80,"He may not voice things like Ellington would have, but it doesn't matter. It could never stop, as far as I'm concerned."
The Guardian,80,"The world's full of fine jazz piano trios, but Iyer's is way up the A-list."

The Observer (UK),90,"Overall, Black Radio surpasses the excellence of Double Booked, which is a brilliant album in its own right."
Mojo,90,"Black Radio creates an entirely new context for popular music in its near erasure of boundaries. It is the sound of the future--even if no one knows it yet."
Uncut,89,"Glasper managed to create a beautiful album from start to finish that will easily be added into conversations with greats like John Coltrane's Blue Train."
Entertainment Weekly,88,"Anchored by Glasper's masterful, hypnotic work on piano and Rhodes, and filled with cameos by the likes of Bilal, Lalah Hathaway, Yasmin Bey (a.k.a. Mos Def), Lupe Fiasco and more, it's a sensuous and smoky affair."
AllMusic,83,"The groove is the thing. [9 Mar 2012, p.80]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Skillfully and bewitchingly arranged, its neatest trick is in the way it enfolds so many distinct personalities into Glasper's own vision, his music always complementing their voices without ever being dominated by them."
BBC Music,80,"It might not work for fans of Glasper's acoustic-jazz firework display at the 2010 London jazz festival, but this rare artist can straddle idiomatic gaps, and doesn't compromise to do it."
Austin Chronicle,70,"With music this smart and inviting, the implied diss of mainstream mediocrity doesn't feel like sour grapes; it feels like a blueprint forward."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),67,"Sometimes, he floats as a delicate mist (around the vocals of Erykah Badu on Mongo Santamaria's enduring 'Afro Blue.') At other points, he's a guiding light, riding the beat ('Why Do We Try.')"
Slant Magazine,60,"It's when the rappers stand down that it hits its stride. [Jun 2012, p.108]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Glasper's formidable jazz chops are the album's constant attribute."
The Independent (UK),60,"It's an ingenious arrangement, featuring juddering, minimal percussion, spare piano chords and vocoders that soar to the edge of the studiosphere, worth the price of the album alone. [Mar 2012, p.84]"
Rolling Stone,60,"This isn't amateur soul or faux hip-hop. But it's not a bold pop record either. It's a kind of compromise, perhaps."
Blurt Magazine,60,"In between strong original songs are arresting covers versions. [Mar 2012, p.92]"
musicOMH.com,50,"Black Radio would have been more successful if the music used some of jazz's subtle spontaneity in the arrangements instead of satisfying itself by going for the easy laidback vibe."

Mojo,80,"Pianist Matthew Bourne goes all English-pastoral in this largely lovely solo suite."
PopMatters,80,"The album demands to be heard in a single sitting, in a contradiction of the digitally shuffling age."
AllMusic,80,"It's predominantly a reflection, a look at things moving slowly and a stirring listen."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The two pianists [Craig Taborn and Matthew Bourne] share a penchant for timing, space and reflection that results in refreshingly honest and original work."
The New York Times,70,"His work manages to square Cecil Taylor with Ralph Vaughan Williams. [Feb 2012, p.72]"
BBC Music,60,"These 13 examples can get annoying when they stray into willful atonality, but really hit the spot when he lingers on simple themes. [Mar 2012, p.81]"

The Guardian,80,"It's not an understatement to call Carnivale Electricos one of the most fun, vibrant, and culturally-diverse albums in recent years."
The Observer (UK),80,"This is quite overtly a party record."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It's a raucous, vibrant, but well structured musical approach that brings along recognized artists (like current lead singer Corey Glover and local rap legends Mystikal and Mannie Fresh) for the ride."
Exclaim,80,"The Carnival spirit of wide-open possibility comes through."
AllMusic,80,"Carnivale Electricos is a crunchy, rowdy recording with some beautiful twists and turns by its guest performers."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The sense of unbridled joy on Carnivale Electricos is infectious. It defies you not to dance."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"The band hasn't figured out a way to reliably integrate all of the aspects of their sound in a compelling way, and so half the time, they seem content to just groove away for minutes at a clip without really developing anything stirring, be it a melody or a memorable solo."

Los Angeles Times,80,"Produced by ECM proprietor Manfred Eicher, Snakeoil sounds as good as any album from Berne, without conforming to stereotypes of 'the ECM sound'."
musicOMH.com,80,"His all-acoustic Snakeoil quartet strikes the composition/improv balance with expressive elegance"
Blurt Magazine,80,"The lack of physical force (though there is plenty of fire) is more than compensated for, in the thought-provoking concept and complexity with a resonant yet unconventional lyricism."
BBC Music,80,"This is music where the appeal lies in the heaping of layers and how it is all 'happening.'"
Pitchfork,67,"The alto saxophonist's reptilian coils of brass all but sprout wings on Snakeoil's six songs in 68 minutes, and the piano, drums, and clarinet/bass clarinet team with a Darwinian tension."

PopMatters,80,"An extremely promising debut."
AllMusic,70,"Turns out Odd Future benefits greatly from this duo anchoring their wild universe, as Purple Naked Ladies is one of the collective's more sensual and sensible releases to date."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Ladies is a strong debut and, overall, it presents a pretty unique environment to get lost in."
The Guardian,70,"While the production is woozy, stop-start delirious and off kilter, the lyrics, sung by Syd in an appealing, unpolished style, are cutting."
BBC Music,70,"This slippery debut from Odd Future's Syd the Kyd and Matt Martians embarks on a journey into Twilight Zone pop, with a lovelorn story arc that transitions from giddy crushing to it's-over melancholia."
AllMusic,65,"The problem is that it's just too light on hip-hop, and too close to the other experimental work they've already done in other side projects."
Okayplayer,60,"The Internet still feels like an important first step, not only for its willingness to test the limits of current hip hop/R&B, but as proof that Odd Future is more than just a one-man show. [Mar 2012, p.108]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Thrilling and original. It's a dense but shifting mist of sound: snatches of vocals, meandering electric piano and guitar figures, synthesisers that move from enveloping warmth to jangling out of tune, topped off with Bennett's sweetly understated voice...  [Yet] for all its flashes of brilliance, it sounds more like a free download."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"An endearingly scattershot take on spaced-out R&B, complete with drug fetishism and a load of moves apparently copped from the Neptunes."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"Most of the songs flatline  ambient, rambling soundscapes that are largely indistinguishable...It's no coincidence that the briefest songs, when Syd really gets down and makes her personality felt, are also some of the best."
The Guardian,60,"This sprawling effort could sorely use some tightening up."
Rolling Stone,60,"The album's biggest hindrance is a lack of ruthlessness at crucial moments, eschewing cohesion for broad-stroke stabs at too many genres."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Like many spinoffs from the Odd Future machine, it's a small piece of a larger puzzle, useful for obsessives concerned with keeping their catalogs up to date."
Q Magazine,60,"Syd the Kyd mostly drifts through the music, and is more compelling when getting into trouble--as on Cocaine and Fastlane--rather than lamenting love lost."
American Songwriter,58,"Without that blessed cohesion that is the groove, Purple Naked Ladies is an alternately jaggy and listless dream, rather than the narcotic romp it is meant to be."
Uncut,50,"Any halfway interesting endeavor is either quickly discarded or frustratingly bereft of further exploration and expansion."
PopMatters,40,"There is a resounding thinness to Purple Naked Ladies and its finest moments sound like a collection of scratch tracks from a lost Erykah Badu/Neptunes session circa 1998. [Mar 2012, p.54]"
Mojo,40,"When the Internet do short and romantic, their songs are tight and purposeful. Other stylistic excursions don't work out as well."
Blurt Magazine,40,"Syd's uninterest in the topic on the dreary, sporadically interesting Purple Naked Ladies is disappointing, if not unforgivable."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),38,"The most disappointing aspect about Syd Tha Kid's delivery is her inability to create a remotely compelling protagonist - something Odd Future members have proved themselves more than capable of doing."
BBC Music,30,"When you boil it down, Purple Naked Ladies' biggest fault is that it's generic."

Drowned In Sound,80,"This is a full-on, joyous, positive album that makes you feel like celebrating."
musicOMH.com,80,"Unlock Your Mind is a testimony to the power of horns--in all their squawking, tooting, screaming glory--and a vibrant concoction of different types of music."
The Wire,70,"They remain faithful to the New Orleans musical ideal in the sense that they turn everything they play into celebratory party music."
Uncut,67,"The dancehall rhythms of the title track, originally a hit for the Staple Singers, with Neville's super soul vocals, plus the loud, proud funk of opener '504' serve up instant highlights."
HipHopDX,60,"It's all pretty good, but you want to see them live more than replay the album, though '504' needs downloading."
Blurt Magazine,60,"You won't find complicated, destination-disguising improvisations here, but a jazz spirit inspires the group, and their raw power is pretty faithfully caught on disc."

Exclaim,90,"This record is a playful, daring and capricious listen, and one of the first truly remarkable records of 2012."
The New York Times,80,"A powerful, graceful album."
AllMusic,80,"Stunning... a highly-textured, invigorating adventure in sound. [Mar 2012, p.94]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"The only true misstep on the album is at the mid point in the shape of Steepless. For the most part this album's music is to be basked in, and after half an album of instrumentals, being suddenly presented with vocals is rather jarring."
PopMatters,80,"It's great."
BBC Music,70,"A mazy, fluid, ethereal suite of chamber jazz to get properly lost in."
The Guardian,60,"More cultured chill-out from the East London alchemists. [Feb 2012, p.110]"
AllMusic,60,"It sounds less like a jazz album than anything the group has recorded, but in stepping away from a method they never seemed comfortable with, Portico have found a contemporary sound to thrill their fans and attract new listeners."
PopMatters,60,"In places, Portico Quartet's third album recalls old-school jazz-funk, from the chamber-jazz end of the spectrum rather than the party end."

Austin Chronicle,70,"Sparrow the social commentator is in force, sometimes in atime-capsule way."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"This will be a welcome compilation for veteran Sparrow watchers, since it puts a frame around a fruitful period of important, if frequently uneven, recordings. For the more casual listener, however, a better introduction will include some of his work from the '50s."
AllMusic,58,"People deserve a two-disc Sparrow comp to bury all other Sparrow comps, but this isn't it (Smithsonian's First Flight, from 2005, is much better, though it falls off before Sparrow hit his prime)."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Despite a scattering of fantastic material, overall this collection is unworthy of the Sparrow's mighty legacy."

The New York Times,80,"Cowley's songs sound lie pulsating Bond themes, funeral laments and the greatest stadium-filling anthems that Coldplay never wrote. [Feb 2012, p.83]"
Spin,80,"This eclectic offering confirms that the trio's music is an unclassifiable meld of idioms that includes strong rock and pop influences. [Mar 2012, p.92]"
RapReviews.com,80,"It's hard to resist its eager warmth, and invitation to dance."
Q Magazine,80,"Sometimes [the strings'] swell threatens to overwhelm the quirkiness, but in the best things, such as Skies are Rare, they work perfectly together."
The Guardian,70,"The liberal use of string sections throughout do teeter on the brink of out-and-out cheese but Cowley's trio have enough class and, dare I say, verve to pull through."
Rolling Stone,60,"It's not so certain that Cowley's taste-making always succeeds, despite the overall optimistic vitality of his tunes."
The Quietus,60,"Cowley has crafted a coherent, carefully planned suite of music here with a strong conceptual framework and a remarkably consistent sound."

The Observer (UK),80,"This is a beautiful and loving tribute to one of jazz music's great tragic genuises."
No Ripcord,80,"Not only does the trio turn over new delights in familiar numbers like 'Gloria's Step' and 'Turn Out the Stars,' but it even unearths 'Song No. 1,' an Evans composition he never recorded."
Pitchfork,80,"An occasionally uneven but mostly dazzling tribute to that tradition  and to one of its greatest exponents, 1960s star Bill Evans."
NOW Magazine,70,"When the trio clicks it is utterly magnificent."
The A.V. Club,70,"Corea/Gomez/Motian share the musical space equally, creating breathtaking jazz democracy."

Sputnikmusic,80,"Two dark, roiling 22-minute tracks that conjure up a world of nature in turmoil. [Feb 2012, p.97]"
The Wire,80,"Elements create a thick, clotted atmosphere which is enveloping but sometimes almost claustrophobic."
PopMatters,80,"Considering so little happens, you find yourself inexplicably drawn in."
Boston Globe,60,"Mindset is short by Necks standards--just two tracks of 22 minutes each--but it is typically involving."

Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),90,"This scorching set of amplified electro-acoustic spiritualism between the pair and the mighty Mats is an effective snapshot of the potential for what could have been."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Live at the South Bank is an artfully and spiritually satisfying coda to a long and criminally underappreciated career."
BBC Music,80,"The synergy between electronics and organic instrumentation, sometimes an arid and baffling blend in improv, makes this a thrilling listen. [Dec 2011, p.87]"
PopMatters,80,"This two-CD set is now a welcome addition to what eventually became Reid's late-period re-emergence following decades of hip multi-genre collaborations amid a veil of semi-obscurity."
AllMusic,80,"Unapologetic, progressive and complex, it's adventurous, indulgent post jazz, brimming with spirit. Absolutely exhilarating."
Austin Chronicle,80,"On South Bank--the most vital and essential document of Reid and Hebden's five-year partnership--it feels clear that, at least onstage, they were finally able to go the distance."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Joined by the similarly un-categorizable Swedish reedman Mats Gustafsson, Live at the South Bank is an onslaught of sound."
The Guardian,80,"This is crossover free-jazz of a rare power."
DIY Magazine,80,"Probably the last recording of Reid playing live, before his death in April 2010, it is a fittingly energetic and exuberant performance."
Drowned In Sound,68,"For either Reid or Hebden completists, Live at the South Bank is a useful and worthwhile artifact. For someone seeking entry to the catalogues of two vital artists, this is a thorny and difficult listen."
Mojo,60,"It's not an oeuvre that appeals too many people, but Live At The South Bank will be rewarding if you favor plenty of experimentation in your music. [#39, p.74]"
musicOMH.com,50,"It's more letdown than meltdown, as veteran drummer Steve Reid runs out steam about halfway through disc two. [Dec 2011, p.70]"

The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"For old Jarrett fans and prospective new ones, it's a must."
BBC Music,90,"Another exquisite solo performance entitled Rio."
Q Magazine,90,"Rio is therefore the new standard by which the pianist's future solo recordings will be judged, and perhaps also sets the bar for any other player who attempts the same."
The Guardian,90,"Rio is a full range of emotion, created on the spot.  All these years later, Keith Jarrett remains great."
The Independent (UK),80,"Jarrett has separated the ingredients into bite-sized chunks. With an audience as ecstatic as the one at the Teatro Municipal in Rio de Janeiro, where his new album was cut in April 2011, this works to the advantage of both. Jarrett builds a rapport with his public, and they can more easily adapt to the changes of mood and genre as his ideas develop."
Rolling Stone,80,"These 15 pieces sketch an entire world of music, coloured by the locale, and shifting between the smoothly  lyrical and the propulsive rhythmic."
PopMatters,80,"It starts nervily and there's some creative recycling of motifs, but once he builds up a head of steam the force is truly with him."
Pitchfork,60,"There are good things here, but nothing especially new."

AllMusic,80,"While it may not have the pop flourishes that the LP did, Those Who Didn't Run showcases  Stetson's innovation and raw power."
Uncut,80,"It involves not a disconnection from, but an exploration of the material potential in his instrument(s): an excursion to the outer limits of instrumentality, a commitment to resonance as the product of granular viscera: of throats and diaphragms and guts and lungs."
Mojo,78,"Though this EP plows a narrower row than Judges, Stetson still manages to show us two very different aspects of his visceral minimalism."
The Guardian,70,"Though he's still in the spotlight, only time will tell if these more brutal, free-jazz brass tendencies will alienate Stetson from the melody-seeking set."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"It's not a love-hate relationship I have with his stuff, it's more like a so what attitude. So what if he gets Laurie Anderson to recite drab poetry on his record, so what if he can play tens of thousands of notes in one breath."

DIY Magazine,83,"The lounge feel is shored up by sometime guitarist Bruce Edwards, who if he ain't Ulmer at least ain't Jim Hall."
BBC Music,80,"What meets at this particular crossroads is good old-fashioned blues, soul-stirring gospel and a funky, Hammond-organ-soaked sound."
musicOMH.com,80,"At the Crossroads delivers what its title promises: a portrait of the Organ Trio at the point where they look back at B-3 jazz history and move it ever forward."
AllMusic,60,"[James Carter is] at his earthiest and most accessible with this classic Hammond organ trio lineup."

Boston Globe,80,"Sixteen radio-length tracks that include a gorgeous, ethereal version of 'Across the Universe' whose somber violin and country twang could bring on tears; a honky-tonk take of 'Revolution' that makes you want to square-dance; a sleepy, dreamy redo of 'Imagine' in which Frisell takes considerable care to pick just the right notes not only when he plays the melody but when he improvises; a folk cover of 'Julia' that contains not an ounce of cynicism; and an almost ambient sketch of 'Give Peace a Chance' that dares the listener to find the original melody buried deep within."
The Guardian,70,"For the most part this is a glorious hymn to the art of playing together, of which Lennon would surely approve."
BBC Music,70,"It beings with a cache of Lennon's more familiar songs'Across the Universe,' 'Revolution,' 'Nowhere Man,' 'Imagine'--treated with too much cautious respect. The album's superior stretch takes up what would be Side B of the LP, with a beautifully lilting 'Julia,' a starkly tender 'Woman,' a terse, slow-drag 'Mother.'"
PopMatters,60,"This set stays faithful to Lennon's melodies - like meeting old friends in unexpected but comfy clothes. [Dec. 2011 p. 99]"
Mojo,60,"As a whole, it feels a bit too laid-back, especially given its nearly 70-minute length."

BBC Music,80,"Bennett harbors a magic about him that inspires you to become caught up in the beauty of his performance prowess regardless of what artist is playing second banana to him on the microphone."
The Guardian,80,"It's a heart-warming who's who."
The Independent (UK),80,"Coinciding with his turning 85, Bennett's latest sounds like a fantasy birthday party in full swing, one where an outrageously starry array of guests share the mic with a host as twinkling as ever."
Blurt Magazine,75,"Bennett fares better in gorgeous duets with k.d. lang and Aretha Franklin, and his romp with Willie Nelson is precisely as charming as you'd expect. But for an old pro like Bennett, there's a name for that kind of stuff: child's play."
AllMusic,70,"Celebrity musical pairings rarely lead to innovation or excitement, but Duets II is an enjoyable celebration of what Tony Bennett has meant to pop music, and what he can bring out in any star vocalist he steps up to the microphone with."
Uncut,70,"In the end, though, whether you're a Bennett fan or a follower of one of his duet partners, this album is nothing extraordinary, and it will be a rare listener who gives this disc more than a couple curious spins before turning to something from the Bennett catalog of yesteryear."
BBC Music,60,"Say this for the 17 popstars who teamed with the greatest living singer of American popular standards: They're brave. Luckily, Bennett rescues most of his partners."

Clash Music,100,"It captures Davis's finest working band at its apogee, straining at the limits of post-bop refinement."
Pitchfork,100,"The set lists may have looked similar, but here's proof they didn't sound alike --and that they'll still get you mighty high."
Spin,100,"No matter how many releases we get from the Davis archives, no matter how familiar you are with his mid-'60s work, LIVE in Europe 1967 will surprise you and remind you that, even in lean times, even when the trends of the genre he championed were moving away from him, even when his country stopped caring, Miles Davis found a way to press forward, to reinvent, and to give us yet another classic sound, and perhaps the final thrilling word on Jazz as he knew it."
The Guardian,90,"These performances have been rightly cherished by collectors for decades. [Oct 2011, p.54]"
The Quietus,90,"The Bootleg Series, Vol. 1: Live in Europe 1967 box is an essential addition to the catalog."
cokemachineglow,90,"Packaging quibbles aside, this is a great set."
Under The Radar,90,"At its heart, jazz thrives on bold, sensitive interaction in the moment, and Live in Europe 1967 represents the pinnacle of that practice."

The Wire,80,"Ultimately, comparing For True to Backatown is pointless: they are of a piece. While you may prefer one over the other, they are, in essence, two parts of a compelling and dynamic musical aesthetic that is firmly in and of the 21st century, as they look back at history and forward to create it."
The Guardian,80,"Shorty here offers an explosive blend of funk, blues and jazz."
Blurt Magazine,75,"[He] delivers more flavored Creole soul and a host of guests, including Kid rock, Jeff Beck, and Lenny Kravitz. [23 Sep 2011, p.79]"
AllMusic,70,"Despite this motley bunch, the album's sound hasn't become a random genre gumbo."
PopMatters,70,"Loud guitars are everywhere, bucked by riffing horns, and the general vibe is testosteronal and sleeveless. He is a rippingly good player."
BBC Music,60,"The 2011 album this most resembles is funk-rock guitarist Dennis Coffey's self-titled comeback album--a bunch of pretty good soul workouts with lots of guests, some filler, and just enough personality to get by."
The Independent (UK),60,"None of those songs are as badass as the go-go-flavored 'Buckjump,' the surf-guitar-spiked title track or the two 'Lagniappe' digressions, instrumentals all. When the horns blow, it's all you need to know."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"High profile fans like Jeff Beck, Kid Rock and Warren Haynes help trombone shorty create what he calling 'supafunk rock,' a decidedly unsexy, sub-Chili Peppers amalgam with pointless horn riffs. [Nov 2011, p.98]"

The Telegraph (UK),90,"The album is incredibly rich from beginning to end, and totally unpredictable."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The electronic treatments melt lusciously into the acoustic source material and only occasionally ... does dissonant incongruity intrude. [Aug. 2011, p. 106]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"In Villalobos and Loderbauer's hands, then, the ECM catalogue becomes more than simply a stone set of recorded pieces of music (music as noun) but a further set of tools with which to music (music as verb). Which, although taking Villalobos some distance from his usual club-centric music, remains in spirit with both his and Loderbauer's usual ethos--pushing boundaries, breaking down barriers."
Pitchfork,80,"Bold and exciting, the project demonstrates the infinite possibilities available to modern producers, if only they look in the unlikeliest of places."
Prefix Magazine,79,"Re: ECM stands out not just for its depth but for its variety, for the sheer number of musics it incorporates."
No Ripcord,60,"Too often it becomes mere background music, albeit always pleasant and sometimes even interesting."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),40,"Apart from a lovely snare-drum loop on 'Recat' (annoyingly, all the tracks are called Re-something or other), this is barely even a head-nodding experience."

The Telegraph (UK),80,"Not a visionary rollercoaster thundering around the heavens, but a rewarding slow and subtle grower. [Oct 2011, p.53]"
AllMusic,80,"It is Coleman's sax, Jonathan Finlayson's trumpet, Tim Albright's trombone and Jen Shyu's voice that make the strongest impact."
The Guardian,80,"The Mancy of Sound and its predecessor are straight-up essential listening, and gloriously exciting music. The pulse quickens each time I put this one on."
Boston Globe,80,"The Mancy of Sound is a challenge, but entirely worth it."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"As often happens with Coleman's music, initial misgivings that it's smart but going nowhere are gradually supplanted by the sense of traversing an unfamiliar but welcoming landscape."

The New York Times,80,"The bottom line is that some of the immediacy of her rockabilly jazz is lost once she goes for romance and seduction, but Mayhem is still a fresh, invigorating record that is worth picking up, no matter what your musical convictions are; it's that good."
Mojo,80,"On Mayhem, her third album, May proves bygone eras are merely sources of inspiration for her spirited take on American music."
AllMusic,80,"Imelda May can voice rockin' blues, slap-bass rockabilly and smoky torch jazz and she can do it incredibly well. [Nov. 2010, p. 102]"
Blurt Magazine,75,"The arse-kicking Irish rockabilly revivalist's latest is ready-made for Quentin Tarantino's next soundtrack. [29 Jul 2011, p.72]"
The Telegraph (UK),70,"It's the perfect soundtrack for a greaser couples' first dance."
The Observer (UK),70,"May seems destined for stardom, and given these compelling performances, she'll likely attain that stature soon."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Mayhem is an essential listen for those who believe, as May does, in the living, breathing powers of rockabilly and the blues."

AllMusic,80,"The Mosaic Project offers, simply, some of the best jazz around."
American Songwriter,80,"The Mosaic Project is not recommended to jazz purists, but for those who like their jazz laced with big doses of R&B, there is much to savor on this risk-taking album."
Rolling Stone,80,"This is accessible, song-based contemporary jazz at its most earnest, ordered and empowering."
The New York Times,80,"The caliber of these artists speaks for itself; there's no sense of compromise here, or of an agenda limiting the options. And Ms. Carrington, who produced the album, brings accessibility and continuity to the listening experience."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's strong, supple stuff by a strong bunch of women."
PopMatters,80,"It has a unifying historical and social agenda--but it's a discreet one, and the music is certainly the priority."

The Wire,90,"Red Hot + Rio 2 takes some time to absorb, but it's sure to tide you over until the next Red Hot compilation is released."
AllMusic,80,"Every collaboration sounds downright elated, and the cross-cultural derangement of tropicalia easily shines through these 21st-century revamps."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The 33 cuts on this sprawling collection offer so many fine and unusual moments, Red Hot + Rio 2 is every bit as unique and groundbreaking, puzzling and dazzling, as its predecessor; only more so."
Pitchfork,80,"The sheer quality that Red Hot + Rio 2 maintains over the course of its two discs and 33 tracks makes this a very noteworthy effort."
AllMusic,80,"Other tracks, like the kinetic breakbeat jam 'A Cidade,' by DJ Dolores with Gogol Bordello's Eugene Hutz, take the Tropiclia spirit into the 21st century, where it sounds perfectly at home."
The Independent (UK),72,"Some of it will be a little too out-there for some people, and some of it will be a little too harmless for others. But overall, it's an interesting assemblage of artists, and the music is good, covering just enough ground that you can feel the variety but no one's likely to be overwhelmed."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"It's not the challenging listening experience that such recent albums as 'Orchestrion' (2010) and 'The Way Up' (2005) provided, but 'What's It All About' is Metheny at his most genteel."
BBC Music,80,"Metheny returns with a beautifully understated acoustic album whose virtue is its bare-boned simplicity. [Sept. 2011, p. 98]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"For those with open minds and without unfair expectations of artists, it will be another fascinating addition to a long and exceptional career."
PopMatters,80,"Ultimately, What's It All About is an intimate work revealing Metheny's investigation of composition itself. The notion of song is inherent in everything he does, and he reveals that inspiration in spades here."
Rolling Stone,70,"We get a spare program recorded in the man's home--and something that ought to be curled up with when we're ready to pay attention to the small things that make music speak to us in a small but powerful voice."
Uncut,70,"Those who liked One Quiet Night, especially those familiar with the pop material Metheny is recalling, should enjoy this record. But many non-jazz listeners will find this CD dreary and sleepy, and jazz purists probably won't like it a lot either."
Resident Advisor,70,"Fusion fans might be confused but as a sentimental affirmation of melody it's Metheny to the core."
Mojo,70,"These flashes of stylistic innovation are rare. For the most part, it's all supremely controlled, sweetly inoffensive and velvety smooth."
The Quietus,70,"Metheny transforms balladic pop tunes into abnormally sophisticated easy listening."
Dusted Magazine,60,"It all sounds intensely personal and pleasingly remote. [Nov 2011, p.104]"
Pitchfork,60,"There are a few groovers, such as the rock-meets-flamenco account of the 60s surf hit Pipeline, and a tranquilly pulsating visit to the 70s Stylistics hit Betcha By Golly Wow."
The Guardian,60,"The affection is winning, as is Metheny's mastery of the guitar and harmonic subtlety, but the tone of ruminative gentleness does start to seem unvaried."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"It's a well-judged mix; safe enough to satisfy the easy-listening end of Peyroux's following, but bold enough to show that among the jazzy, post-Norah crowd, the wayward Maddy stands apart. [Aug 2011, p.83]"
The Wire,80,"This is a fine, largely original album, give or take a handful of covers of songs by Bob Dylan, Lennon and McCartney, and Robert Johnson, and a couple from a recently kindled composing partnership with the Stones' Bill Wyman."
BBC Music,75,"Here their playing [Marc Ribot on guitar and Meshell Ndegeocello on bass] creates some valuable tension beneath Peyroux's still-placid singing."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The main signifier is Peyroux's sound, now as downhome as a chicken shack and artfully haunted as a Cassandra Wilson session. Tasteful."
PopMatters,70,"As an album, Standing on the Rooftop may not be as striking as its predecessor, but perhaps it wasn't meant to be. It is a seemingly effort that pushes the familiar toward an uncertain future where pop genres cease to need to exist at all."
The Guardian,63,"Standing on the Rooftop sounds like a self-consciously boho summer album: pleasant enough for a backyard soiree and a bottle of verde, but too breezy to linger once your guests leave."
AllMusic,60,"Peyroux's best work may happen beyond the perimeter of her comfort zone. [Aug. 2011, p. 96]"
Boston Globe,40,"Madeleine Peyroux is an artist literally without her own voice. Borrowing from one source heavily and dabblingly from myriad sources, her Standing on the Rooftop is the sound of nothing so much as hip confusion."

Mojo,80,"Sum's bigger than the parts, though, and Double Demon delivers a whack of sound and a level of detail far in excess of anything on earlier ESO and Sound Is Delmarks. [Aug 2011, p.70]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Highly recommended to fans of smart jazz that remembers to entertain."
Rolling Stone,80,"As ever, the music of Rob Mazurek has numerous layers to confront, peel away, and embrace."
Blurt Magazine,70,"What Double Demon does boast is a fully realized sound, one that relies on punch along with finesse. In other words, yeah, Mazurek has done it again."

PopMatters,90,"The Secret is a giant leap forward for Farka Tour as an artist to be sure; but it's a stone killer for listeners."
BBC Music,90,"It had that intangible love and passion behind it that so, so many albums these days are essentially lacking. The tone will brighten your day, while the passion will inspire you."
AllMusic,80,"The long, swirling guitar patterns remain, as the bandleader enjoys letting a groove stretch right out before demonstrating his blues-rock credentials. [Sept. 2011, p. 104]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Africa's new axe hero marches on. [Aug 2011, p.104]"
The New York Times,80,"Guitarist Vieux Farka Toure here seeks to extend his Malian musical heritage beyond the country's borders, by collaborating with American musicians on several tracks--though never obscuring the native essence of his style."
Boston Globe,80,"Where special guests don't feature, Vieux Farka shows off his own playing on songs that often follow the same formula: starting with a burst of stuttering guitar work before easing into relaxed, rolling riffs and chanting vocals. His father would have approved."
The Guardian,80,"With its often complex textures and patterns, much of The Secret could represent a challenging listen for those unfamiliar with music of this genre. Yet it's unquestionably a triumph; building impressively on Vieux Farka Toure's promising work to date and making good on its creator's promise to 'dig deep into the secrets of my own history and my country's culture in order to move the music forward. '"
Billboard.com,80,"It is exciting to wonder where his creativity and talent will take him next. Judging from this release, it could be anywhere."
The New York Times,78,"Derek Trucks, jazz axe John Scofield, and producer/Soulive guitarist Eric Krasno all go toe-to-toe with the phosphorescent Vieux."
AllMusic,70,"Where the warm, bright finish on Fondo made it gleam expansively, occasionally here you wish for a little more space in the mix and in the arrangements, if only to allow us to explore Vieux Fara Tour's beautiful songs more freely."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Here, he joins American peers for a crossover set that slays, primarily because the players come to his music, not the other way around."
Rolling Stone,60,"While Tour acquits himself imaginatively in a variety of settings, the whirring, jangling opener Sokosondou, with just his own musicians, feels the most compelling track."
Pitchfork,60,"Toure sings well, but intricate solos are his forte."

Billboard.com,90,"This is complex, life-affirming music that's both serious and playful, steeped in tradition yet as highly original and forward-thinking as anything you're likely to hear this year."
Mojo,90,"In spite of the album's wilfully hard-to-stomach intensity, [it] will appeal to fans of art music of many different backgrounds."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is an ambitious work, and all of its aims have surely been fulfilled."
AllMusic,80,"A very, very impressive album all around."
PopMatters,80,"Roberts is in her own league as an improviser, a composer, and conceptualist."
American Songwriter,60,"COIN COIN is not an album made for casual listening (that's probably the idea) nor is it entirely successful, but it has an absorbing quality that warrants further listens."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Impressive, entertaining - a new supergroup is born. [Aug. 2011, p. 101]"
BBC Music,80,"While James Farm is not a flatly innovative recording, it is just the kind of thing that modern instrumental jazz needs these days."
Boston Globe,80,"James Farm offers real compositional depth and spirited, sophisticated improvisation, making for a deeply satisfying listen and a promising debut."
Uncut,70,"It's good, but you want to hear them live."
The Guardian,70,"James Farm [could have felt] like a chore, too cerebral and micromanaged to take flight. The album does occasionally skirt that fate but never succumbs to it. Beneath the veneer of sleek accomplishment, there's an undertow of risk."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"It's very classy contemporary jazz, but it doesn't leave quite as lingering an effect as the lineup suggests it might."
Uncut,40,"Even where the musical ideas are strong, they're sapped by the determinedly relaxed ambiance."

The Guardian,100,"Marius Neset, the 25-year-old Norwegian saxophonist who surfaced in the UK last year with Django Bates (his teacher and mentor at Copenhagen's Rhythmic Music Conservatory), not only combines Brecker's power and Jan Garbarek's tonal delicacy, but has a vision that makes all 11 originals on this sensational album feel indispensable, and indispensably connected to each other."
Los Angeles Times,100,"This isn't mere cleverness, it's instinctive musicality, buoyed up by three other fine players."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"He has been launched into the UK jazz marketplace fully formed, capable of extraordinary flights of dexterity and rhythmic trickery, yet also with a strong sense of fundamental musical language and compositional flair."
AllMusic,60,"There is plenty on Golden Xplosion to suggest that Neset is well-equipped to be massive in the future, provided he can build on the strengths of this album and avoid repeating its worst excesses."

Paste Magazine,80,"This engrossing union of pianist Matthew Shipp and alto saxophonist Darius Jones is an important addition to the aforementioned and fascinates for its emotional and conceptual richness."
Mojo,80,"More accurately, these duo performances are truly sympathetic and move at the molecular level, making each piece on Cosmic Lieder wonderfully dense with information and ideas."
PopMatters,80,"Cosmic Lieder isn't heavy or indulgent; it's deeply focused, curiously open-ended, and deeply satisfying."
The Wire,70,"Cosmic Lieder is truly uneasy listening. Put it on at low volume and it will blend into the background. Put the headphones on and it can be an absolute bear."

AllMusic,75,"Lady Antebellum lend creamy harmonies to 'Walkin' After Midnight,' while Ray Price himself shows up on 'You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me.' Yet they're all outsung by American Idol's Matt Giraud, who thrillingly channels Ray Charles on 'You Don't Know Me.'"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"On the whole, however, the album is a pleasant throwback to earlier styles of pop, country, and jazz."
PopMatters,60,"When the album is less successful, it's generally because her collaborators let her down or because she's played it too safe and too deliberately tasteful."
AllMusic,60,"She doesn't just alternately pay homage to country and jazz here; she elegantly blends the two."

Okayplayer,90,"When the Heart Emerges Glistening is a gem. It's a jazz record to rave about and to push on your friends."
Mojo,80,"Over 13 tunes, Akinmusire and his very hot quintet (featuring Walter Smith III on tenor sax and a great drummer, Justin Brown) take the basic format of post-bop straightahead jazz and tease it around with absolute authority."
Uncut,80,"A beguiling marriage of tradition and modernism. [May 2011, p.107]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Akinmusire easily trumps Truffaz in the area of technical skill. His agile delivery and rounded, even-tempered tone recall facets of Kenny Dorham and Dennis Gonzalez in terms of burnished beauty and melodic alacrity."
BBC Music,80,"Akinmusire's arresting sound and the collective strength of his band of long-time friends--the dry-toned, Wayne Shorter-like saxophonist Walter Smith III, pianist Gerald Clayton, bassist Harish Raghavan and drummer Justin Brown--power it all."
musicOMH.com,80,"When the Heart Emerges is a breakthrough jazz album that reminds us that in this music, listening closely is of equal importance to speaking out. Akinmusire excels at both."
PopMatters,80,"Akinmusire has chosen to challenge listeners, exploring free territory where Smith squeaks and squawks his way into the wilderness."
Austin Chronicle,80,"His harmonies have a louche charm, his trumpet sound has a fascinating vocal intimacy, and he makes lightning-fast interplay with the quintet, especially sax player Walter Smith III."

The Quietus,80,"They have done Ray Charles proud."
Rolling Stone,75,"Ray Charles surely would have admired the inventive and lively jazz-drenched arrangements accompanying many of his standards."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Thanks largely to the instrumental work, there's a satisfying amount of entertainment value on this release--even if major revelations are not forthcoming."
The Guardian,70,"Radio now splits everything into little niches. That isn't what Charles was about. He saw music as convergence. This fine concert album plays in that same spirit."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"In American art, a good time is often the most profound thing there is.  Here We Go Again hints at this possibility, but pulls up just a little short."
No Ripcord,60,"Nelson sounds edgy while Ali Jackson's percussion solo probably looks good on TV but bores aurally. [July 2011, p. 107]"
BBC Music,50,"Here We Go Again feels like a missed opportunity. Nelson's nylon-stabbing guitar is too scarce here, giving way to Marsalis' jazz band, a slick cast that rotates solos exhaustively."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Despite boasting favorites from Charles repertoire including 'Cryin' Time,' 'Busted,' and 'Hit the Road Jack,' this summit never clicks, perhaps a result of the one-off nature of the project making it hard for the musical personalities to fully gel."

AllMusic,90,"The Sleepwalking Society is a stunner; a jazz-pop record with brilliant R&B and folk undertones woven throughout."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Throughout the album, Lamdin's production offers a sense of clarity and understated confidence."
Mojo,80,"Though the album hits all the right notes, the muted horns, understated strings and whispery vocalist with major funk potential leaves you nostalgic for something more."
PopMatters,70,"The album is deceptively simple, but underneath the easy-listening vibe lies a fascinating medley of genres and musical references."
AllMusic,70,"Despite its overtures to the contrary, this is an album that you definitely don't want to sleepwalk to: It invites close listening and appreciation to scour the depths of the musicianship offered at the hands of Lamdin and his cohort in arms."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"All the performances are touched by Haden's instinct for doing the right thing quietly. It hasn't been out front for weeks in the French jazz album charts for nothing."
The New York Times,80,"The repertoire leaves room for instrumental chops from saxophonist Ernie Watts, while Haden's big bass fiddle thumps out the time with authority."
The Guardian,80,"The album's concentrated focus on a single mood is relentless. Listening to it from the beginning to the end is like being trapped in a dream with a twisty plot that draws you deeper and deeper into a period Hollywood fantasy of the bad and the beautiful."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Does fall just short at times of mimicking a brand of saccharine faux-post-big-band jazz that flourished in the '50s and early '60s, but Haden and his team are too masterful to allow their tribute to lose its stylishness."
The Guardian,70,"Sometimes this build-up can establish a cocktail lounge atmosphere, but in most cases its emotional resonances hover on the right side of poignant."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"The music is consistently smooth and satisfying. If this album was a French pastry, we would all be eating desert for supper."
musicOMH.com,60,"If Diana Krall's Goodby and Norah Jones's Ill Wind are strikingly vulnerable, intimate performances of classics, it's perhaps the obscurer selections that stand out. [Feb 2011, p.107]"

BBC Music,82,"The music is at its best when it emulates an animated conversation, one voice leap-frogging the other with no one losing sight of the central theme."
BBC Music,80,"Iyer and his partners sound like a spontaneous ensemble from the outset--not self-conscious participants in a fusion experiment."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This album is clearly not one you would want to put on in the background of your next party. In every aspect (its forms, melodies, instrumentation, etc.) it is a challenging and engaging hour of music."
AllMusic,80,"Tirtha is a triumph; it is a high-water mark in hearing the constantly evolving discussion between jazz and Indian music."
PopMatters,80,"To ears trained on western classical harmony, rock and roll, or even much of the jazz tradition, this will sound fearsomely complex. What is truly impressive about these three players is how confident and effortless they make it all sound."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The title track of Tirtha, a fine, slippery debut from a trio of the same name, unfolds in stages, measured but intent."
AllMusic,75,"Fans who look to Iyer solely for high-flying piano jazz might struggle to find familiar footing as the album's intricate sonic interplay takes some time to unpack. But Iyer's willingness to take listeners to places they've never heard remains something to behold."
Slant Magazine,70,"While the album is beautifully recorded, there's a certain sterility throughout, something approaching caution."

Country Weekly,100,"The real triumph of We're New Here is that it doesn't feel like an album-length remix. Instead, it's a collaboration done the way Scott-Heron's best team-ups always are: after the fact, with time to consider the everlasting gravity of the man's words and wisdom."
PopMatters,100,"It's not merely a rehash of the original, but a cohesive, considered masterpiece in its own right."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),91,"The snatches of Scott-Heron's voice, cracked for sure but deeper than night nonetheless, delivers it from callow generalization and foregone conclusion."
Mojo,90,"We're New Here is a psychedelic atlas with which we can all sonically voyage upon. A great way to start the year."
Dusted Magazine,83,"Scott-Heron's raspy vocals anchor Smith's spectral diddlings; the results on We're New Here are pleasantly moody."
The Guardian,80,"There's a great danger in finding beauty in suffering, but this album takes that risk and reaps great dividends. [Mar 2011, p.54]"
AllMusic,80,"Hip-hop originator meets Mercury-winning button-pusher du jour. [MArch 2011, p. 108]"
Billboard.com,80,"It could easily stand on its own without Scott-Heron's raspy vocals, but it's the interplay between his world-weary lyrics and Smith's youthful enthusiasm that makes this an essential companion piece to the original."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"So from no albums in 13 years to two high quality long players in the space of six months - the star of Gil Scott-Heron is very much in the ascendency again, his influence on today's culture thrown into ever greater relevance by one of its finest new producers. It's that rare thing--a properly fine remix album."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Ultimately, We're New Here succeeds because it manages to seamlessly reconcile the different traditions from which it draws-not just Gil Scott Heron's uttering utterances, but UK Garage, the fibrous gloss of Seventeen Seconds-era The Cure, and R&B futurism."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Scott-Heron's voice sounds just as prime as it did last year, except this time around Smith has adorned the versions with added beats, synths and keyboards for a fuller, richer sound."
BBC Music,80,"Fallen street poet gets remixed by rising street urchin. Result: comeback complete. [March 2011]"
AllMusic,80,"The result is deep, it's broadly imaginative, it's tightly focused, and it's utterly essential."
PopMatters,80,"[Jamie xx] accomplishes a difficult task in successfully (re)presenting Scott-Heron's music -- integrity intact -- in the present tense to a fickle yet discerning groove-centric culture without kitsch or excess."
Mojo,80,"To its great credit it's high and low and all over the place. The dislocation works: the record has patience and breadth and almost zero pretension."
Rolling Stone,80,"If I'm New Here was a triumph for Russell and Scott-Heron, We're New Here reveals a maverick production talent in Jamie Smith that his band's records have only hinted at. [Mar 2011, p.95]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"While Smith uses this album as an outlet to explore a variety of different styles, importantly he never loses sight of the source material. Even so, in paying tribute to a great artist, Jamie XX has laid significant claims to being deserving of that title himself."
AllMusic,80,"Throughout, Scott's old-soul narratives are reborn through Smith's atmospheric beats."
BBC Music,78,"Gone are the old voices of the city, the tales of the Wu-Tang and the sense that there is real struggle or strife. Instead it's a heterogeneous mix of international talent devoted less to teaching lessons or passing down wisdom as it is to making twenty-somethings dance."
Okayplayer,78,"The residue of death that lingers on I'm New Here is wiped clean from We're New Here. It's replaced with brightness, an energy, and a historical milieu."
CMJ,75,"The duo lends each other gravitas and levity on this very curious but ultimately immersive LP."
PopMatters,70,"While it may not attain the dizzy heights of I'm New Here, Smith's deftness ensures that We're New Here is far more than just a vanity project"
The Guardian,70,"The result is the best of both artists: Scott-Heron's spine-tingling, cracked timeless spoken word delivery, The xx's thoughtful, well-paced current studio trickery."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"So We're New Here isn't exactly groundbreaking, but it showcases a producer so in love with the music of now that he not only preserves the power of his source material, but makes it more relevant."
The New York Times,70,"So strength meets strength on this unusual album-length remix, as Smith's skittering beats and ghostly soul divas put Scott-Heron right where he belongs: in the future."
AllMusic,60,"What you read is what you get here: an album full of small Scott-Heron samples bolstered by production from a member of the xx. Nothing more, nothing less."
BBC Music,60,"It's a dub reimagining that takes the material further out, into a soundscape whose fractured dubstep tones, sped-up samples and drum'n'bass beats only occasionally work in its favour."
PopMatters,56,"While We're New Here is spooky, it's more chill-out mix than futuristic minimal-rave, and comes as a less interesting culture-clash than, say, The Dirtbombs doing covers of Detroit techno songs."

Mojo,80,"It's far from a one-dimensional experience though, thanks to Mehldau's jaw-dropping virtuosity. [Feb 2011, p.107]"
Billboard.com,80,"There are times in this 100-plus minutes of a concert recording duplicated over two CDs and one DVD where you want to jog Mehldau's elbow, but overall it's a triumph of imagination and structure."
The Guardian,80,"For Mehldau's fans, this is another opportunity to hear just how creative and versatile he is, even with familiar material. For the uninitiated, this is a grand opportunity to acquaint yourself with one of the most gifted jazz pianists on the scene."
CMJ,80,"Remarkably, across its length the virtuosity and excitement levels never dip. After repeated hearings, the music sounds as fresh as ever."
AllMusic,80,"Brad Mehldau is back in his comfort zone with Live in Marciac, a solo set of two CDs and one DVD recorded at the jazz festival in France."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is one of those albums where, prior to hearing it, you may not have been aware of how much control Mehldau has over his instrument. He can make it sing, yawn one moment and totally chop it into pieces the next."
The New York Times,80,"As always, his technical control is astounding."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The American star charges through this 100-minutes-plus gig with such an emphasis on repeat notes, brusque segues and thundering counterpoint that its feverish density gets close to overpowering at times. But Mehldau's quirky covers are as compelling as ever."

Dusted Magazine,90,"Art of the Improviser is a testament not only to the improviser's art, but also to solo and group composition, both in the immediate and overarching sense."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's clear that, for Shipp, The Tradition clearly goes way beyond jazz. [Jun 2011, p.54]"
BBC Music,80,"Not surprisingly, this is a more demanding program than that of the trio disc, and although Shipp is not adverse to the occasional rhythmic groove, the solo music is often closer to modern classical than to jazz."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Art of the Improviser serves as a testament to Shipp's achievements, yet it is also a continuation of the discovery in his developmental musical language."
Clash Music,80,"4D and Art of the Improviser aren't the sound of Shipp murdering jazz, just the sound of him quickly summing up his career before moving on. If this is a place at which one can arrive when they turn 50, just think of the future possibilities."

Entertainment Weekly,87,"New History Warfare has enough range that it seems to have opened up a whole new fanbase that might otherwise have no interest in avant-garde music."
The Wire,82,"Feels like music I've been subconsciously craving without even knowing it exists."
Mojo,80,"It's the solo work that's so impressive: simultaneously exhilarating and exhausting."
NOW Magazine,80,"Stetson's transcendent and muscular ability to layer sound, breath, and rhythm in a meditative compositional style sticks with you long after Judges is over."
musicOMH.com,80,"In Stetson's hands, the sax is no longer an expressive medium or even a madman's toy, but an artisanal tool, a machinic assemblage, designed for catching and releasing cosmic powers."
PopMatters,80,"New History Warfare 2 is superfine, breathtaking, at once unnervingly exploratory and highly accessible, a record which leaves you grasping in vain for adequate reference points and peer comparisons."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"New History Warfare Vol. 2: Judges is an album of somber beauty, its flashes of color existing amidst a broad spectrum of grays."
Q Magazine,75,"The album's impenetrable surfaces grow haunting after numerous listens: Stetson may never garner mainstream recognition like his Arcade Fire pals, but he proves undeniably compelling in his uncompromising musicality."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The album has a little something for everyone, from the electronic skronk of 'Awake On Foreign Shores' and the Dark Lights' remix 'The Stars In His Head' to the gentle, Bachian minute-long dirge, 'All The Days I've Missed You.'"
AllMusic,70,"This album and a few videos of Stetson playing (the guy is a monster) will probably be enough to convince most people that he's a genius, but you don't need to be that smart yourself to appreciate what is probably 2011's most unique album."

The New York Times,80,"The Gate presents Elling at the top of his game; it is a song cycle that is mesmerizing and mysterious as it is provocative and compelling."
Uncut,80,"The Gate is an impeccably stylish album that coaxes jazz from unusual sources."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The Gate is fresh but still swinging, pop but plenty-plenty jazz. It is, if you will, Kurt Elling Plus, which seems like a good value in any economy."
The Guardian,70,"It goes beyond technically supreme homages into the realms of risk-taking and unpredictability. The vibe is nevertheless still every bit as cool, relaxed and controlled as might be expected from Elling. Not everything pays off, but Elling is branching out in courageous style."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"While The Gate is not as persuasive as 2007's Nightmoves, the good stuff more than makes up for comparatively effortful takes on Stevie Wonder and EW&F material. [Jun 2011, p.105"
Pitchfork,60,"This is an album you admire rather than love."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Despite a version of Earth Wind & Fire's 'After The Love Is Gone' that is so good you can play it for days, this dream-team collaboration between jazz singer Elling and big-time weirdo producer Don Was delivers less than it promises."
No Ripcord,60,"His improv ingenuity consistently sidesteps cliches, and The Gate is far from a bland set of adult-contemporary classic-pop covers."

Under The Radar,90,"Excerpts is a work of forgetful minimalism; it is powerfully repetitious--perhaps, in waves, completely random."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"overall Excerpts is an evocative, sophisticated and charming record, awash with imaginative atmospheres, that looks back to the past for inspiration without ever wallowing in sentiment."
Spin,80,"Each turn the album takes is a good one: the swaying Excerpts reinforces the scope of the music, the vinyl-affected Imprints throws some atmosphere into the approach, and, really, the whole of the album makes for an unrivaled listening experience."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Ensemble crashes through the album's 11 tracks, skating along glorious orchestral discord dappled with everything-but-the-kitchen-sink electronics and ghostly voices in both French and English. [Feb 2011, p.71]"
The Independent (UK),70,"On Excerpts, as Ensemble, Alary presents a newly defined sound and with it, a precarious skill in honing in sharp classical strengths for a successful release."
Filter,70,"Excerpts takes it one step further and expects audiences to linger on the great tidal shifts of memory happening in our minds every day. If we manage to lodge ourselves within his cause, Alary has a whole world behind a world to open up to us."
Mojo,70,"Desperately, painfully arty but worthy of your recollection."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),63,"While it brandishes a certain kind of insular brilliance, it's music more ripe for conversation or think pieces than headphones or the living room hi-fi."
AllMusic,60,"Sharing lead vocals with the immaculately Hardy-esque Darcy Conroy, Alary concocts wistful chansons and widescreen waltzes with an elegance and deadpan humour that evokes Sebastien Tellier, Stereolab and Matthew Herbert. [Feb 2011, p.84]"
BBC Music,60,"For those who enjoy a contemplative stroll through the park on a Sunday afternoon, this album, paradoxically cohesive through its dissonance, perfectly scores that experience: it's bright, intriguing, and calming."
Boston Globe,60,"By switching voices and languages, and throwing in string quartets alongside swooning electronica, he pushes different versions of reality, and while on the whole it slips into background noise, there are moments when Excerpts packs a punch. And there's plenty to capture a more vivid and patient imagination."
PopMatters,50,"It's not that Ensemble has made an actively bad album. It's just that somber music which comes from abstract origins shouldn't be so vacuous and blank."

The Telegraph (UK),90,"Flash, brash and brimming with an irrepressible anarchic vigour, more than anything, Bring Your Own is a thing of unfettered joy."
The Guardian,80,"Bring Your Own was intended to summarise where this energetic group has been and might still go, it succeeds admirably."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Every number is cleverly honed to leave you wanting just that bit more."
The Wire,70,"Bring Your Own is brilliantly entertaining. It almost seems like a series of really elaborate, and genuinely very funny, jazz-related practical jokes."
BBC Music,70,"There is also swagger to it all that suggests Holub and Led Bib are still, on their fifth album, trying to prove themselves. A little more space would have made for a more fully satisfying listening experience."
AllMusic,60,"Their take on electric jazz can seem airless: the sax leads are worthy but venture nowhere near the outer limits chartered by Ayler and Coltrane. [Mar 2011, p.93]"

PopMatters,80,"These 18 collaborations are a fascinating voyage through the classier end of pop, country and R&B over the past decade, and also add much needed focus to Jones (sometime insipid) mix of country and smooth jazz. [Jan 2011, p.93]"
cokemachineglow,80,"This 18-song miscellany reminds us that talent loves the company of talent, one-off duets with Ray Charles and Dolly Parton underlining Jones's seemingly effortless ascent to premier league status. [Jan. 2011, p. 97]"
Pitchfork,75,"...Featuring doesn't really turn over any new rocks in the Zen garden of Jones' voice, perpetually in repose. It only reinforces her power over and over again--but it's hard to complain when her vocal prowess is so refined."
The New York Times,75,"Q-Tip brings out a hint of funkiness, Ray Charles nudges her to start bending notes, and Dolly Parton coaxes out her inner twang. A little friskiness suits her well."
AllMusic,73,"As a series of off-the-cuff side projects have shown, though, Jones' musical interests are more varied than they might appear, a fact that's demonstrated neatly on '. . . Featuring,' which collects more than a dozen of her collaborations with a wide range of other acts, including Willie Nelson, Belle & Sebastian, OutKast and Foo Fighters."
Tiny Mix Tapes,72,"Singing with El Madmo or sampled by Talib Kweli, she doesn't sit comfortably or confidently in every style, but even the less successful forays serve to bust through genre boundaries."
The Quietus,70,"Helpfully rounds up 18 of these guest appearances, including a cut by the Jones-fronted country cabaret outfit the Little Willies, and what impresses is the range of collaborators and the consistency of the music."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It's fair to say that for every misstep there's an unexpectedly winning duet, but not enough of Jones' maturity is brought to the fore."
Los Angeles Times,70,"...Featuring Norah Jones may attempt to cast her in something of a supporting role, but it's still definitively a Norah Jones record, and a solid one at that."
American Songwriter,60,"Her collaborations, from Foo Fighters to Ray Charles. [Jan. 2011, p. 151]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"Jones' strengths lie in her collaborations in alt-country."
AllMusic,50,"The musical equivalent of a coffee table book this is a poised, polished album of covers and collaborations spanning a decade."
BBC Music,40,"Ultimately, though, the comp is uneven, and it's difficult to determine the intended audience; fans likely already own these songs."
PopMatters,30,"...Featuring might make a great stocking stuffer for mom, but even she might have trouble swallowing over an hour of Jones; innocuous and predictable soft rock. [Year End 2010, p.77]"

musicOMH.com,100,"Robert Wyatt, that most eloquently lackadaisical of jazz-loving English troubadours, has made some unforgettable albums over his long solo career, but this will rank among the frontrunners."
Mojo,90,"Writing and arranging credits are shared between the three artists and, despite Wyatt's claims that most musical collaborations are really a series of shifting dictatorships, there is a sense of equal involvement from all involved. However, for fans of Wyatt and his extensive body of work, it may be hard not to treat this album as further glorious evidence of a singular late voice that came into existence around the time of his 1997 album Shleep."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"[Wyatt's voice} is not the most technically 'correct' voice, but in the setting of Ros Stephen's arrangements for string quartet, with Gilad Atzmon adding alto saxophone, it is as though that uncertain crack, that flaw floating in the clear quaver of his voice is a precise match for the happysad ambiguities  that haunt so many jazz standards. [Oct 2010, p.62]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"For the Ghosts Within provides another oddly-shaped window into the labyrinthine mind of Robert Wyatt, nearly as vital in its own way as Shleep or Rock Bottom."
The Guardian,80,"Wyatt has a knack of making happy song sound melancholic, but conversely brings some wry levity to the lovelorn ennui of jazz standard. [Nov 2001, p.103]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"He's exactly the kind of person to be extending the usefulness of songs like 'Laura,' 'Lush Life,' 'In a Sentimental Mood' and 'What's New.' Those songs all take their places in an equal collaboration with Mr. Atzmon, the saxophonist, and Ms. Stephen, the violinist. (Mr. Atzmon is the album's producer.) All are composers, and the record sounds cooperative in three ways or more."
BBC Music,80,"This music is at the core of what he does and has informed his musical language throughout his career. The fact that he manages to breathe new life into melodies as overplayed and hoary as What A Wonderful World or as complex and beautiful as Lush Life is triumph enough in itself."
No Ripcord,80,"The Ghosts Within typifies the uniqueness of Wyatt's oeuvre, though on this occasion it's not just his. [Nov 2010, p.95]"
Under The Radar,80,"Wyatt continues to be full of delightful surprises. [Nov 2010, p.117]"
Delusions of Adequacy,78,"Mixing standards ('Laura,' 'Lush Life') with an occasional political rap ('Where Are They Now?') might fall flat in lesser hands, but Wyatt's voice is the linchpin, and Atzmon/Stephen work amicably with it."
Prefix Magazine,77,"His latest album, a collaboration with the saxophonist Gilad Atzmon and the violinist Ros Stephen, is again evasive, seeming at once defiantly old-fashioned and defiantly quirky."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),75,"On one hand, the enormity of said soundtrack can be appreciated by those with a palate for the peculiar, while others might yearn for a more streamlined recording."
Pitchfork,75,"Ghosts isn't some staid, tasteful covers album. It's lush, yes, and frequently beautiful, but there's also something subtly unsettled about these songs."
Uncut,75,"For the Ghosts Within descends into a strange netherworld bordered by art pop, jazz, and classical that few seek to visit."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Two minor complaints aside, For the Ghosts Within succeeds as both collaboration and an aural portrait of what a complete standards recording by Wyatt could offer."
musicOMH.com,70,"At the end, Wyatt takes the For the Ghosts Within's over-riding mushiness, runs with it, and it makes it totally work."
PopMatters,70,"For two men famed as political firebrands, Robert Wyatt and Israeli anti-Zionist and saxophonist Gilad Atzmon certainly make a beautiful noise together."
BBC Music,60,"When one hears a musical feast as good and as sultry as this it's impossible not to conclude that, for all their wistfulness, entertaining enough renditions of standards seem half-baked by comparison. Having moved into the position of being a beloved national treasure status, Wyatt remains at his best when he's facing forwards rather than looking back."

The Guardian,80,"DIRTY BABY is a singular accomplishment, presented in a fashion that demands more of the listener's attention but buy pays off handsomely."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Timbrally, this is just another Nels Cline offering with all of its variety and surprise, but musically, it's his most mature and satisfying."
PopMatters,80,"It has the ability to erase past Cline endeavors from your memory. Not because previous recordings weren't excellent, but because the eclecticism of Dirty Baby makes for such a strong listening experience."
musicOMH.com,70,"Overall, it's less about abstract guitar heroics than his usual projects. But hearing Cline get freaky with such a wide palette and such a sharp ensemble (including twin brother Alex on drums) is a new shade of thrill."
Uncut,60,"The result comes across like the score to a film that never quite stays in focus, except for a bit of Sergio Leone and Ennio Morricone in the second movement."
Uncut,60,"It's less satisfying than Initiate, but Nels Cline has been an uncategorisable innovator for two decades, and certainly remains one."

Mojo,100,"From the opening 'Variation 1' to the acoustic closer, 'Sous le ciel de Paris,' Ribot's phrasing is slow and contemplative, so each elegantly chiseled note stands as a beatific example of his virtuosity."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Silent Movies is able to take all of the disparate descriptions above and press them into one unifying album. Marc Ribot really ought to have the opportunity to score films more often, because the results can be breathtaking."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"You also come away wondering why Ribot isn't as widely celebrated as Frisell. Don't tell me contemporary jazz has room for only one high-plains drifter."
Billboard.com,80,"The record is most striking for its gentleness."
Paste Magazine,80,"For those interested in one of the more compelling and quietly provocative and graceful guitar records of 2010, Silent Movies is well worth seeking out."
AllMusic,80,"Whatever ensemble he employs, and in whatever style he plays, unpredictability is a major component of his M.O. Silent Movies is no exception, and his formidable technique services music that continually thwarts expectation."
BBC Music,75,"Ribot's work here may not always cry for attention like some effects-laden summer blockbuster, but it can be a quietly immersive art house favorite in the right hands."

Slant Magazine,90,"Mostly, Iyer defies comparison other than in convincing you that he belongs in august company.  If this first solo recital was a historical test, then Vijay Iyer gets an A."
Q Magazine,90,"Solo is Iyer's grand statement, and with it he has fulfilled his promise."
PopMatters,80,"To make so many overt references to his musical heroes while never losing sight of himself speaks to Iyer's own command. His improvisations have such clarity and vision, and it's rare that he stretches things any longer than necessary."
Clash Music,80,"It's easy to hear what Iyer means when listening to Solo, his latest disc. For sheer cohesion, it tops Historicity, and since he's alone at the piano throughout, his reflective streak is telegraphed."
NOW Magazine,80,"Fourteen years on from his debut as leader, Vijay Iyer joins the club with a characteristic blend of tasteful tribute and exciting unorthodoxy."
Under The Radar,80,"Iyer structures this programme cannily, beginning with an inviting interpretation of the pop ballad Human Nature, unfolding over a rocking left-hand vamp and briefly darkening into a hypnotic drone."
The Guardian,80,"It's more serious than many, both in programming and in execution. But it doesn't quite make solo piano a stand-alone concept equal to what he does with groups."
PopMatters,80,"One of his purely enjoyable recordings. [Sep 2010, p.68]"
The Wire,77,"Solo ultimately reveals little we didn't already know about Vijay Iyer as a pianist, but to hear him explore these facets of his sound on his own, with no one to lean on, is still interesting. The central suite is where the album and the artist truly shine."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"He can clearly make a piano do just about anything he wants it to, and Solo is a project that puts the thought that went into its construction right up in your face, but it's never breathtaking in the way a truly great solo piano performance can be."
Mojo,60,"There's an intriguing version of Michael Jackson's 'Human Nature' and tunes by Monk and Ellington alongside originals that lurch from freaky modernism to stately classical. [Oct 2010, p.108]"

The New York Times,100,"This album looks like one of 2010's major contenders."
musicOMH.com,80,"Mirror, released in September, is the follow-up to 'Rabo de Nube,' a proper studio effort aglow with watchful calm."
Uncut,80,"Ultimately, Mirror is another Lloyd triumph. It may not shake the rafters with its kinetics, but it does dazzle with the utterly symbiotic interplay between leader and sidemen."
Q Magazine,80,"With this latest release he seems to have come closer then ever to mainstream respectability, while retaining some of his maverick idiosyncrasies."
Austin Chronicle,78,"Two new originals from this ageless giant conclude a beautifully contemplative set that shines like a polished mirror."
Pitchfork,60,"Lloyd's most interesting work can be his most rewarding, and Mirror is an example of how little ventured equals little gained. If it weren't for the final two songs, I would say nothing ventured equals nothing gained."

Prefix Magazine,80,"The four-piece have made a follow up that makes their beginnings busking on the South Bank seem like a myth propagated by publicists. Receiving a nod of approval for their pigeonhole-defying venture really has emboldened them."
The A.V. Club,80,"This is red wine music, no doubt about it, but red wine music for the discerning indie intelligentsia, perfect for a long night where the only ambition you've got left is to sink so far into the floor cushions that you'll never get up again."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Their approach may seem unorthodox, but the final result is as compelling as it is accessible."
AllMusic,80,"Isla feeds on Steve Reich mathematics, Radiohead dread, African desert grooves and ECM northern melancholy to travel into a new, chiming cavernous sound-world that is both exotic and hypnotic. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Richer and more rewarding than their Mercury-nominated breakthrough, Isla still has jazz running through it's veins, based as it is largely around sax and double bass, but the London band have broader ambitions. [Nov 2009, p.111]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Blending an almost futuristically elegant sense of atmosphere with flashes of raw, flesh-and-blood expression, Portico Quartet isn't the first to carve out such a pan-global sonic world, but it's created one that's welcoming to visit."
BBC Music,70,"Isla is nothing revolutionary. That's not to say that its originality is completely lost, but perhaps a touch more adventure and earnest into the mix would change the Portico Quartet's breeze into something much more powerful."
AllMusic,70,"Isla boldly showcases an unconventional combination of instruments and melodic ideas, a revolutionary musical terrain that Portico Quartet will hopefully continue to explore."
Dusted Magazine,60,"With a sound centred around a tunable percussion instrument called a hang (think mellow steel drum), skittering jazz drums, saxophone and loops, the quartet, who live Monkees-like in a shared house in East London, serve up a fresh vision of jazz, drawing sounds from across the globe."
PopMatters,60,"It might be a long time before jazzers get a truly surprising improvisational blast off a Portico album, but Wyllie plays to his strengths when he deploys texture and tonal variation over rather uneventfully free-jazzy phrasing."
Rolling Stone,60,"The ubiquitous use of the hang, a sophisticated modern take on the old-fashioned steel pan, gives a distinctive sound to this east London quartet. It's a surprisingly versatile instrument from which Nick Mulvey and Duncan Bellamy coax melodic and rhythmic patterns to complement Jack Wylie's inventive sax riffing. [Nov 2009, p.99]"

Village Voice,80,"In every way that matters, it's typical Frisell-as lyrical in approach as it is eclectic in outlook, touching on Stephen Foster, Blind Willie Johnson, Benny Goodman, the Carter Family, and Little Anthony and the Imperials, together with its characteristically wounding originals."
The Guardian,80,"Taken together, Frisell's run of Nonesuch albums has been one of the most consistently excellent bodies of work in recent decades. Now, Beautiful Dreamers extends it further. The future looks bright for this trio."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The least idiom-specific tracks like those, diverted from familiar song-shapes, are the most eloquent--but Frisell would find it hard to do anything unmusical if he tried."
PopMatters,76,"Although the stagnant electric guitar thrumming on 'All We Can Do' and 'Who Was That Girl?' threatens to slow the album to a halt, the mutability of Eyvind Kang's viola on 'Winslow Homer' and 'Better Than a Machine' make up for lost excitement."
Village Voice,70,"Ultimately, Beautiful Dreamers is a wonderfully balanced trio exercise."
Rolling Stone,63,"Frisell's taste for mining the classic songbook remains intact with lovely, understated takes on Beautiful Dreamer, 'Tea for Two' and the ever-jaunty 'Keep on the Sunny Side,' but these add up to a rather inescapable feeling that Frisell has been here before."

AllMusic,90,"It's another extraordinary musical experience from the Claudia Quintet, who deserve all the high marks they receive as an innovative, thought-provoking, singularly unique contemporary ensemble."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Short, overdubbed dialogue solos by Speed, bassist Drew Gress and vibist Matt Moran add diverting interludes, and there's plenty of dreamy humming-glass sounds and luxurious accordion sighs to balance all this fine album's industrious busyness."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The quintet adds Gary Versace on piano, and he blends in seamlessly, sometimes as ensemble player with a perfect grasp of Hollenbeck's jolty, elastic sensibility, and elsewhere with a cool pianism that brings the sound back to more familiar jazz terrain."
PopMatters,80,"For those unfamiliar with this exemplary quintet and its composer, there's no better place to begin."
Boston Globe,80,"Structure and liberty are both so integrated into the band playbook that they don't assume any kind of opposition. That's more commonplace than it used to be too, though this group still makes it feel special."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Claudia's timbres, eerie and winsome in equal measure, prove its greatest strong point. The combination of clarinet, accordion and vibraphone fashions an electric whistle and whir that squares the circle between 90s indie science frictioners Stereolab and 60s proto-proggers Soft Machine, making it clear that Claudia is a jazz group questioning the divide between genres and points in time."
Village Voice,75,"Frequently mining a trebly, contemplative territory, the album can initially feel somewhat monochromatic, but unexpected pleasures lie below the surface."
BBC Music,75,"Hollenbeck leavens the severity of his attack with instrumental warmth and unusual ensemble timbre: reeds (Chris Speed), accordion (Ted Reichman), vibes (Matt Moran), bass (Drew Gress), percussion--plus, on Royal Toast, frequent collaborator Gary Versace on piano."
The Guardian,71,"I wouldn't mind hearing Hollenbeck use the group to explore his softer side, because the pulsing comedowns on this record are some of its most arresting moments, even though the in-betweenness makes it unique and enjoyable on its own merits."

The New York Times,90,"The result will likely turn up on a number of critics short lists for best of the year."
The Wire,90,"The 82-year-old singer/pianist's mordant wit retains its vintage charm. In fact, Allison probably could have sung any of these new tunes about aging just as credibly 50 years ago."
Pitchfork,88,"Recording over five days with his hand-picked band of California-based conspirators (including ace drummer Jay Bellerose and guitarist Greg Leisz), Henry puts the jazz great in a limber, small-group setting well-suited to Allisons no-frills style and laconic tone."
AllMusic,80,"The Way of the World is not a comeback album; Henry had a nagging suspicion that Allison might have something new to say and Allison obliged. In the process they created a gem of an album that proves the pianist and songwriter still has many tricks up his elegantly tailored, eternally hip sleeve."
Uncut,80,"This is also his first studio album in 13 years. But, man, he hasnt lost it, and he wants us to know it."
The Guardian,75,"The Way of the World is just one more Mose Allison album: exceptional in its own right but entirely expected."
The New York Times,70,"On Allison's first LP in 12 years, producer Joe Henry sets him up amid unfamiliar backing instruments like Weissenborn slide guitar and mandola; Allison's leathery voice, sharp wit and jaunty piano improvisations remain remarkably undiminished."
AllMusic,60,"Though featuring young musicians, this album is antique rathe r than groundbreaking in feel, pleasing evoking a sweet, after hours blues cellar fug, all slide and sax. [May 2010, p.83]"
BBC Music,60,"It proves to be an entertaining and profitable arrangement. [May 2010, p.112]"

Austin Chronicle,90,"We can speculate as to how their ethos and focus was developed from time spent in the company of other imaginative musicians  it could well be essential to their consistent evolution  but the evidence on Peepers leaves no doubt as to how successful this union of education and expression is."
PopMatters,80,"Peepers is every bit as good, talented musicians reworking the rulebook with hearts and minds at play."
BBC Music,80,"An invigorating album, then, and one that says a great deal despite being instrumental the whole way through."
musicOMH.com,80,"Rochford's mix of circus-oompah patterns, punchy funk with neatly-spliced jazzy offbeats and encyclopaedic world-rhythm references mean you could listen to this compelling set just for him."
PopMatters,80,"Their albums have got better and better since 2005, with saxophonists Pete Wareham and Mark Lockheart entering into ever more engaging dialogues while the rhythm sections flail around inventively. Here Leafcutter John, who usually makes odd noises with a sampler, switches to guitar addng a clunky alt-rock feel to tracks. [Mar 2010, p.93]"
Mojo,80,"The rest is equally compelling, oscillating between eccentric skronk essays, woozy nocturnes, and harmonic hymns. It's jazz shorn of cliche that demands to be taken on its pigeonhole rebuffing merits. [Mar 2010, p.92]"
Q Magazine,70,"Basically, this isn't your father's jazz. But if you have a twisted ear and an adventurous streak, it very well could be yours."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Four albums in, Polar Bear are clearly trying new things, ensuring that their brand of jazz-punk remains at the forefront of forward-thinking jazz music with an incessant desire to rebel against current trends."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Peepers mostly whizzes by in a heady blur, but when they paise for thought, a whole new layer of depth and intrigue emerges. [Apr 2010, p.116]"

Slant Magazine,83,"The Michael Buble-averse among us are in for a very pleasant revelation. [26 Mar 2010, p.69]"
Clash Music,82,"While many artists sound anything but comfortable breaking these kinds of musical barriers, Cullum proves once again that he sounds most like himself when the walls come tumbling down."
The Guardian,80,"So we get stomping piano pop hits (I'm All Over It), supper-club R&B (a cover of Rihanna's Don't Stop The Music) and finger-clicken' ruminations on the stage of the planet (Wheels, If I Ruled the World). Proof the thrill is in the chase. [Dec 2009, p.111]"
Uncut,70,"Too many songs on The Pursuit paint their singer as an un-self-conscious lout, too sure of his hand (We Run Things) or his taste (Mixtape) or his centrality in the world (Wheels)."
Village Voice,70,"Much of The Pursuit mines this fertilely mellow vein, producing a bunch of understatedly melodic music whose consistency only suggests that Cullum should stop dabbling with detours and just accept his strength as a soft rock singer/songwriter."
BBC Music,70,"This is exuberant music that shouldnt seem too jazzy for radio listeners, even if Cullum does include a lightening piano solo in the middle."
The Guardian,60,"First new solo album for four years from the young jazz maverick."
Paste Magazine,60,"There's a swaggering big-band reading of 'Just One Of Those Things' and a clever soul-jazz recasting of Rhianna's 'Don't Stop The Music', but otherwise Cullum has morphed into a kind of Britpop Randy Newman, which suits him well on the excellent 'I'm All Over It'. [Dec 2009, p. 87]"
AllMusic,60,"Jazz maestro takes a turn towards the electro."

Los Angeles Times,100,"Walking a fine line between being leftfield and hook-laden, Jaga Jazzist have delivered another selection of epic, psychedelic sojourns through electronics, brass and beats that consistently engage and excite."
AllMusic,100,"Ultimately, this is what more bands should be striving to achieve: to thrill us, inspire us and confuse us - often all at the same time; to utiliize technology for the betterment of the whole rather than for technologies sake; and to allow multiple talents to merge and shine without a sense of the intrusion of personal ego."
The Guardian,91,"While 'Toccata' is lengthy, it never loses its thrust or ability to captivate--and excepting a mismatched moment or two on 220 V / Spektral, the same can be said for all of One-Armed Bandit."
Boston Globe,90,"On One-Armed Bandit theyve mutated into an even stranger beast; a chimera constructed of parts from wildly different musics that somehow work as a whole and which should only really exist in the most fevered imaginations."
Dusted Magazine,85,"Jaga Jazzist transforms potentially icy sonics into warm, clever outbursts with apparent ease."
The New York Times,80,"Few records in 2010 will contain songs quite so mind-bogglingly broad, playful, beguilingly pretty and intense as these slowly unfurling ensemble pieces."
BBC Music,80,"Big layers of instruments dual with and complement each other via weird time signatures, and inspired, complex riffs that sound like theyre scoring a car chase from a cult Seventies film, mixed with bursts of electronic futurism--perhaps best displayed on the albums title track--a manic, brilliant piece of instrumental songwriting that shows Jaga Jazzist to be at the top of their game."
Los Angeles Times,80,"There is a pinch of prog too, manifested in kaleidoscopic intricacy rather than anything unnecessarily tricksy - their sound remains muscular and funky. [Feb 2010]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It is no accident; Jaga Jazzist is trying to blow your mind. It is supposed to feel like a masterpiece."
Pitchfork,70,"Bandit is a smart album made for smart people, and something that garnered them critical acclaim in the past is lost. So yes, One-Armed Bandit is a good record. But Jaga Jazzist can do better."
PopMatters,70,"JJ continue to build on the promise of their early albums with an eclectic sound which appeals to devotees of many different musics including jazz, rock and beyond."
Billboard.com,69,"One-Armed Bandit occasionally overshoots the mark, but when it doesn't, the scenic route it took to get there proves worthwhile."
Chicago Tribune,60,"One-Armed Bandit dazzles early on... Later portions of the album are larded with so many graceless, attention-deficit hazards that its unknown exactly what the band (or is that groop?) was attempting to accomplish."
AllMusic,60,"Instead of setting alarm bells ringing, One-Arm Bandit manages to be both playful and innovative in a '70s prog-rock kind of way. [Mar 2010, p.110]"
Boston Globe,40,"In danger of becoming a Loose Tubes for the ATp generation, this once fleetfooted group have blundered into a vat of fudge. [Feb 2010, p.89]"

cokemachineglow,80,"As an album, Orchestrion is as ambitious as 'Secret Story and The Way Up,' but it is no less brilliant. Here Metheny exceeds our expectations, and perhaps even his own."
Rolling Stone,80,"The most obvious distinction from past releases is the richly textured soundscape of unusual tones that Metheny harmonizes with on with his guitar."
Uncut,80,"Whenever he lays down his licks atop the bed he's made, there's never any doubt that this is a Pat Metheny record. One of his better ones, too. [Mar 2010, p.101]"
Q Magazine,75,"As in most of Methenys work, what could be mistaken for glib virtuosity--or, in this case, gadgetry-reveals new depths at every turn."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Hes come close to his aim of making this album more than a curiosity, but the real impact can surely only come from seeing his orchestrion in action."
BBC Music,60,"It's very melodic (though not very melodically surprising), and technically mind-boggling. But harnessing all this awesome machine power to make just another Pat Metheny Group album without the group seems a bit of a missed opportunity."
musicOMH.com,60,"Aside from the wonderment that might be induced if you saw this setup create the music live in concert, perhaps its best just to say that this is one of the good but not great Pat Metheny records, which aint bad at all."

The Guardian,84,"CUD arent the first or best among many, but what you can hear when you listen to Boca Negra--in addition to a really excellent neo-jazz record--is the sounds of a band improvising while actually not really improvising. Theyre unconsciously pulling from something rich and energetic and fundamental to the way we appreciate music."
Uncut,80,"There was a time when it seemed anything emanating from a Chicago zip code was essential. That time may have passed, but if you're in any way interested in atmospheric, exploratory music that creates worlds as it progresses, seek Boca Negra out."
Mojo,80,"Boca Negra is certainly not the easiest entry-route into the post-jazz catacombs of the Chicago Underground, but its steely determination and non-conformity is nevertheless refreshing and worthy of respect."
PopMatters,80,"This isnt just sonic research; its a real album, paced and considered. It feels good."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Boca Negra is the most sophisticated and improvisationally complex recording CUD has ever recorded, while easily being its most accessible."
Q Magazine,80,"Mazurek is a trumpeter and Taylor a drummer, but each contributes via electronics as well. Despite that augmentation, and that the Orchestra has been more an imagined community than an album-releasing entity, Taylor and Mazurek sound lonely."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Some purists may wonder if this extraordinary music is really jazz, but at its weird and wonderful heart, Boca Negra belongs to the tradition of Sun Ra, Miles Davis Bitches Brew and other fine jazz works from that weird and wonderful tradition."
Billboard.com,70,"Boca Negra isnt an album thats easy to get acquainted with  this is music designed to induce a fundamental paradigm shift in our expectations of what a band can be and how they should operate, with two accomplished players bringing agitation and affection together at an uneasy meeting point."
Q Magazine,70,"The group used to flirt more often with jazz and electronica, but when those elements show up here, such as with the groove on Spy or the digital glitchy noodling on Roots and Shooting Stars, the flirtation falls flat; the thrill is gone. The elements that feel most familiar to the group's past sound are the elements that matter the least."
The New York Times,60,"My high expectations for Boca Negra, misguided as they were, have been consoled, if not met, by the realization that if any act can legitimize avant-jazz beyond its narrow niche (never mind my aforementioned doubts), Chicago Underground Duo have the verve and creativity to enable it."

AllMusic,90,"Vijay Iyer's maturing at a rapid rate, while at the height of his powers on this incredible effort that sounds like much more than a mere piano-bass-drums mainstream jazz trio. This is an incredible CD, and a strong candidate for best jazz CD of 2009."
PopMatters,90,"Balanced, not bombastic, long-practiced, and utterly identifiable even when playing across different styles--that's a great band. And Historicity is the album they had to make."
Mojo,88,"At times Iyer and his charges exhibit so much virtuosity and skill it's almost overwhelming how quickly ideas rise and fall through a given track, but attempting to parse all this trio is trying to say is well worth the effort."
Uncut,80,"It's a perfect point of introduction to one of the most challenging and satisfying talents in jazz today."
Hot Press,80,"Iyer is the antithesis of a contained and cerebral artist. Historicity, for the traditional jazz format of an acoustic piano trio, features fewer explicit contrasts of tonality and extremities of drama than Iyer's more familiar duets with saxist Rudresh Mahanthappa, but it offers a different agenda."
musicOMH.com,80,"Here it brillianrly showcases the interplay between Iyer's melodic clattering, Stephan Crump's slithery bass and Marque Gilmore's fizy drum explosuions. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
No Ripcord,78,"Iyer and his cohorts have spun the piano trio format into great art here, acknowledging their contemporaries and their musical ancestors."
The A.V. Club,70,"Vijay acquits himself nicely on 'Mystic Brew,' effectively reinterpreting organist Ronnie Foster's impressive soulful mush for stately piano. [Fall 2009, p.74]"


Drowned In Sound,80,"Paradoxically, despite--or perhaps even due to--its directness, Living With A Tiger is a challenging record, only revealing its full depth on repeated visits."
XLR8r,80,"So let's hear it for Living With a Tiger, which makes a point of scrambling everyone's tastes. Not since Jr Walker & the All Stars in the 60s have a sax-led band reached out and communicated as Wareham does on Gratitude, which is apparently informed by grime."
BBC Music,80,"The full-tilt, punk-like intensity manifested on the band's first two long players is further honed and sharpened. [Aug 2009, p.109]"
Clash Music,70,"Weird enough but familiar enough to spook the status quo without blowing it out of the water, they will, hopefully, continue to make music for a very long time."
Mojo,60,"Pete Wareham's group balances playfulness and tunes with rhythmic invention and experiementalism, arriving somewhere between punk and prog. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"This debut release on their own label is an uncompromising instrumental beast, rammed with weapons-grade jazz-metal riffing and ultra-heavy No Wave sax skronking. [Aug 2009, p.85]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"Unsurprisingly, when the sax is told to sit in the corner and eat less picknmix, and the rest of the band get a turn, the quality rises."

Dusted Magazine,100,"Despite the deceptive pop-song outlines and strong grooves, just about every piece emphasizes the rich weave of voices, and on originals like 'The View from Blue Mountain' and 'Twilight of the Dogs,' Douglas extends forms you think you know to take you someplace new."
Pitchfork,80,"In sum, Spirit Moves is a welcome departure for Douglas, who has been working with his longtime electric band and more recently with his great Keystone group."
AllMusic,80,"The best tribute to Lester Bowie, of course, is to do something original and surprising. And Dave Douglas manages that here by using a smaller band that remains rich, subtle, impressionistic, and versatile--but still fun."
Q Magazine,80,"The five-piece ensemble handles each tune with soulful aplomb."
Uncut,70,"It doesn't quite qualify as ecstasy, per se, but Spirit is sound and rousing and worthy of your love."

AllMusic,88,"In Preliminaires, the Stooge King has put together a perfect soundtrack for a short, doomy stay in the Hotel Lautramont."
Billboard.com,80,"Only on Nice To Be Dead does he veer into heavy guitar territory, but it fits seamlessly into the mix, making for not just his strangest set in years, but also his best."
Mojo,80,"This may be his best album since 1977's 'Lust for Life.'"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Risky though it may have seen (in terms of both taste and talent), this is a great record."
BBC Music,80,"Pop's understated delivery draws even the most skeptical of listeners in, bathing his hushed voice in beds of stark piano and tremolo-washed guitar."
The Guardian,80,"Ragged glories from punk's oddball."
PopMatters,80,"Forty years after The Stooges' debut album, Iggy Pop is still heading blindly into the unknown. [Jul 2009, p.116]"
cokemachineglow,75,"Its an album of curveballs, and while not every track finds its zone, its still a pleasure to hear Pop turn disgust into inspiration."
BBC Music,70,"As always, Pop's lyrics are not something you want to spend too much time focusing on, but separated from the dumb strut of rehashed cock rock, they settle nicely into an eerie landscape of dread and malaise."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"After the novelty wears off, the keeper is his typically blunt 'Nice to Be Dead'--'Its nice to be underground/Free of the ugly sounds of life'--which happens to be the albums one electric-guitar rocker."
The New York Times,70,"Where 'Avenue B' was a pretentious mess, Preliminaires is flawed but significantly more successful."
AllMusic,70,"For all its talk of death, this album feels like a rebirth."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It is unusual for sure, but this is the beauty of Preliminaries. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
PopMatters,67,"Pop has crafted a stylistically variegated and broody meditation on mortality, a soundtrack for the ossuary, a lovely lust for death."
Drowned In Sound,60,"This odd and occasionally lovely concoction might just redeem Iggy from that insurance ignominy."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The results feel tossed-off at times, but Iggy still flashes his charm and humor."
No Ripcord,60,"At 36 minutes, Preliminaires is slight and covers-heavy, but points to a promising new career phase for Iggy as Detroits answer to Serge."
AllMusic,60,"Prliminaires applies an interesting--if not wholly successful--Aznavour twist to Iggys latter-day repertoire."
PopMatters,60,"The album has its moments, but you really couldn't call it the main event. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Fans of Iggy Pop would do well to give Preliminaires a spin, since it showcases a side of the artist not readily visible in his other work."
Boston Globe,54,"By being boring on purpose, Iggy ironically proves himself oddly more compelling than on his many past accidents. If it's not an album for the ages so much as for the aged, at least it's one you may want to hold on to a bit and give another shot when you get closer to where Iggy's at himself right now."
The Guardian,50,"Although Prliminaires has some effective moments, it comes off as an underdeveloped exercise that needs refinement."
Uncut,50,"Despite some uproariously bad crooning (in both French and English), this isn't always as terrible as it is crazy."
Pitchfork,40,"This may be a more suitable album for a man of Iggys age to put out than his last, but that doesnt make it a better one. Indeed the idea of an inoffensive Iggy Pop album seems itself almost offensive."
Under The Radar,40,"It could have worked, but the dated production style bogs it down."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Less a jazz album than an eclectic selection, Preliminaires is inconsistent and demonstrates Pops reluctance to deviate completely from his safety zone."
Observer Music Monthly,25,"Iggy sings ballads. In French. With clarinet solos. He also dabbles in Dixieland jazz, spoken word, and chilled electro-lounge music on his 15th solo album. If that sounds hideous, or hilarious, it's actually a little bit of both."

Mojo,90,"Of the many excellent and diverse projects Joe Lovano has produced and won critical acclaim for, this ranks with his very best, as strong an album as he has ever produced, with musicianship at an extremely high level, and well-conceived compositions that continue to identify him a true original."
Dot Music,80,"Beyond merely blowing with avant-tinged, Coltrane-inspired tenor gusto, Lovano employs multiple strategies on several reeds, setting up melodic motifs, rhythmic start-and-stop phrases and playful dance-like romps."
Q Magazine,80,"With Us Five, Lovano has found a flexible and exciting working band, a group that can play down the center or off on the side, that can swing joyously or reach for the heights of abstraction."
Uncut,80,"Lovano pulls no punches here, but his lyrical instincts are also strong; Folk Art remains as accessible as its title implies it ought to be."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Its a bit out of focus, perhaps intentionally. Made with his new band, Us Five, its sketchy, groovy and a little burdensome."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"The title number is exemplary epic...Others like 'Drum Song' and 'Dibango' unravel too loose and spill all over an otherwise immaculate canvas. [Spring 2009, p.78]"

AllMusic,80,"A model of crisp economy and deep craft, Gardot's singular vision spans bossa nova ('Les Etoile'), blues ('Who Will Comfort Me'), noir ('Your Heart Is as Black as Night'), art song ('The Rain'), and a fistful of romantic ballads that are at once timeless and thrillingly original."
PopMatters,80,"Her hushed, velvet-smooth vocals evoke a noir yearning and forlornness, her slow-burn delivery enraptures with a torch sentimentality, and her support team shines."
The New York Times,80,"These are slight, subtle progressions but what impresses is how thoroughly My One and Only Thrill lives up to the promise of her debut, offering another album that is as enchanting in its sound as it is in its substance."
Under The Radar,80,"Gardot's torch ballads smoulder intensely. [Apr 2009, p.103]"
AllMusic,70,"She deserves credit for creating an album this focused, even at the cost of vigor."
Billboard,60,"Gardot's wistful, breathy voice belies her youth and the unobtrusive competence of this album effortlessly belies the difficulties she has striven to overcome."
PopMatters,60,"This followup to her successful Worrisome Heart is mostly wistful, sometimes strings-accompanied originals."
The Guardian,60,"Gardot mixes jazz and R&B with elegant string arrangements and acoustic guitars to beguiling, small-hour effect. [Mar 2009, p.98]"
The New York Times,60,"My One and Only Thrill, in its insistently slow tempos and heavy-heartedness, resists a full embrace."
Under The Radar,60,"Melody Gardot actually makes a better album than Shakin' Stevens and Peyroux with My One And Only Thrill. [Apr 2009, p.82]"

Boston Globe,91,"It defines vicinity so broadly that you'll also find Beiderbecke and Reinhardt, two Ellington tunes, songs by a jazz critic and Ed Sullivan's bandleader."
Billboard,90,"Upon the first listen, The Bright Mississippi merely seems like a joyous good time, but subsequent spins focus attention on just how rich and multi-layered this wonderful music is."
AllMusic,90,"The inspiring combination lifts the album far beyond tribute material into sonic territory all its own."
Mojo,90,"The applause will only grow louder with the release of The Bright Mississippi. Its quite simply one of the best albums well hear in 2009."
The New York Times,90,"Allen Toussaints The Bright Mississippi offers a look backward at our musics roots, but it does so with a keen consciousness of both modern jazz and rhythm-and-blues."
musicOMH.com,89,"Like New Orleans itself, the album understands how to strut. But it also knows its manners. For all his funky pedigree, Toussaint comes off as a picture of elegance."
The Guardian,80,"His piano versions of standards such as Winin' Boy Blues show that the funk was always in the Big Easy's blood."
Q Magazine,80,"Toussaint gives each of the instruments room to explore, breaking free of the structure of the song and marking it with his own distinctive stamp. It's this loose, spirited mood that makes the album's interpretations so smooth and effective."
PopMatters,80,"Its a producers record. And it works, possibly because Mr. Toussaint is no pushover."
Uncut,80,"Jazz albums don't come much better. [May 2009, p.101]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"The results are coolly sophisticated, an unfussy, mostly instrumental set of slink-and-slide joints shot through with a harmonic imagination that turns even a traditional hymn into an after-hours swing."
AllMusic,80,"There is sleaze here and funeral swing, and sass to spare. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Billboard,70,"The results are both pure Ellington ('Day Dream') and Monk ('Bright Mississippi'), as well as pure Toussaint, emotionally and structurally expansive, yet as keenly done as one of Toussaint's perfectly knotted ties."
Dusted Magazine,67,"Piano patriarch evacuates the Big Easy for the Big Apple, where like-minded sessionistas young (Nicholas Payton) and old (Marc Ribot) mean Ellington standard 'Day Dream' almost doesn't miss Johnny Hodges and closer 'Solitude' compliments Dr. John's inspired Duke Elegant."
PopMatters,60,"He's a terrific piano player, a gift put to exquisite use on this collection of old jazz standards. [Jun 2009, p.132]"

Paste Magazine,70,"On this return to simpler times and the childish wide-eyed beauty of youth, Marsalis has struck a chord with those awkward, precious times in a way that adults can appreciate."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"While Marsalis' verse falters, the music beams stellar with lyrical rhapsodies and compelling arrangements imbued with multifarious colors and orchestral textures."
Slant Magazine,70,"The soloing on this album, themed on the relationship between man and woman, is immaculate. Marsalis's achilles heel is his preacher's instinct, so there's plenty of spoken material....Once you get past all that, the trumpet-playing--pure in the upper register, with directness weighed against Miles-like muted ambiguity--is gorgeous."
The New York Times,70,"Its music with taste and spacious arrangements, full of historical knowledge and Mr. Marsaliss trademarks: hocketing between horns, supercharged trumpet growls, tambourine accents. But you may not whistle it when its over."
Mojo,70,"The poetry aside, this is the Wynton Marsalis weve been waiting for."
Boston Globe,70,"He And She is smart and sweet, an audacious project of heart-soared magnificence. [Spring 2009, p.78]"
Uncut,60,"The compositions are magnificent, and the performance sparkles....Marsalis has interspersed the songs with snippets of poetry, which he wrote and recites. I'm not qualified to critique poetry, but I can tell you this: You're not going to want to hear this stuff every time you play the disc."

Rolling Stone,80,"A fine, emotional and heartfelt effort from Marsalis, one of his best since 'Requiem,' it faithfully pays tribute to those late heroes like Alvin Batiste, Michael Brecker, Freddie Hubbard, Dewey Redman, Max Roach, Willie Turbinton, et. al., while also staying true to himself."
Austin Chronicle,80,"There aren't any subpar tunes and no flagging moments as Marsalis, pianist Joey Calderazzo, bassist Eric Revis and drummer Jeff 'Tain' Watts deliver a nine-song masterwork."
Q Magazine,80,"If Marsalis is sticking with familiar tunes, his band keep up such a stimulating four-way conversation that it all stays fresh."
AllMusic,80,"Taking its lead from Mr. Marsalis, a saxophonist of obstinate candor, the band has become both looser and more imposingly self-assured. Metamorphosen, its new album, captures that dynamic almost perfectly"
Billboard,70,"Metamorphosen may indeed signal change, but in the case of this quartet, how does one improve the butterfly. [Spring 2009, p.78]"

The Guardian,80,"Bare Bones is a remarkable work from one of the best artists in vocal jazz."
The New York Times,80,"All sound pretty wonderful in the hands of Peyroux's stealthy, silk-draped vocals, delivered with a winning air of slightly detached mystery."
PopMatters,80,"Bare Bones is a beautifully slow-cooked album that encourages us to look on the bright side. Not a bad message these days."
Under The Radar,80,"On her fifth CD, Bare Bones, the Georgia native puts her stamp on all-new material, and weaves an alluring tapestry of sonic elegance, vocal character and lyrical bite."
Boston Globe,80,"It is, in other words, a rejection of progression and passage for mood and form. Peyroux mastered such silken aura long ago, and while that may make the album somewhat of a retread, it's a playful one nonetheless."
AllMusic,80,"At her new best, Peyroux sings as elegantly as Peggy Lee and writes lines bearing the downbeat clarity of Leonard Cohen. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Billboard,80,"There's the odd jarring note but Bare Bones remains a work of high class, deep feeling and, let's not forget, magical singing."
The Guardian,80,"Peyroux's care for her materials never falters."
The New York Times,75,"The smart and emotional material makes for an impressive step away from the retro ghetto."
Under The Radar,75,"Peyroux still sounds like Peyroux, only more so. Which isn't a bad thing either."
AllMusic,75,"Predictably, the results are mixed compared to previous efforts--the quality of her performance remains extraordinarily high, but the material is spottier than usual, particularly when Peyroux stretches beyond her comfort zone and into newfound emotional real estate."
Billboard,63,"Peyroux doesn't need to abandon her trademark loose-limbed style, but she needs to push at the edges of it more."
Boston Globe,60,"It all feels tasteful, companionable and often saggingly dull. Perhaps a steelier singer could use this much gauze; for Ms. Peyroux, its Vaseline on the camera lens."
Hartford Courant,60,"Despite some interesting -co-writes with the likes of Walter Becker, it never achieves lift-off. [Apr 2009, p.82]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Another way classy set they make. [May 2009, p.118]"

Mojo,80,"The band make each piece their own on this, their most satisfying set for years. [Dec 2008, p.102]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Bringing in an unknown vocalist, Minneapolis alt-rocker Wendy Lewis, may sound like a risk, but it works exceedingly well."
The Guardian,80,"This is one of the most compelling releases yet by one of the new jazz's finest bands to emerge in the 21st century."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"For All I Care adds vocalist Wendy Lewis to the line-up of pianist Ethan Iverson, bassist Reid Anderson, and drummer David King, and though it inches the Bad Plus closer to the pop mainstream, it never loses the particular rhythmic and harmonic quirks that have defined them so far."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"On their sixth CD, the inventive Minneapolis trio court disaster by adding a vocalist. Thankfully, she's Wendy Lewis, an indie-rock vet who floats Kurt Cobain's numbed equivocations over a capsizing groove here on 'Lithium' and even nails that bone-chilling scream."
Paste Magazine,66,"If this all sounds like a dogs breakfast of sound, it is--the tunes themselves only occasionally work."
Los Angeles Times,60,"There's less jazz improv, but it's a set that's going to find the Bad Plus a lot of new friends, and recover some old ones."
The New York Times,60,"Here they continue their mission with bashes at Wilco, Pink Floyd, and a straight-but-great take on Yes' 'Long Distance Runaround.' [Dec 2008, p.81]"
Uncut,60,"For All I Care, the trios first all-covers album, underscores their capacity for democratizing yet again, but the fitful ease of amalgamating Ligetis stark neoclassicism ('Fem (Etude No. 8)') with Hearts goofy lilt ('Barracuda') sounds too harmless, with or without a powerful singer. [Winter 2009]"
Q Magazine,58,"If anything, the group's sixth studio disc is a little too reverent, not so much on the instrumentals as on the pop-song covers."
Mojo,40,"In the end, For All I Care isnt a bad album. Its just a very unremarkable effort from a band that weve grown to expect so much more from."

Boston Globe,88,"There's no obvious precedent, and the session shows Redman at his best as he mixes funky riff-based bop themes with looser, free-form meditations, sometimes within the same tune."
AllMusic,83,"His tone carries the weight and grandeur of fine marble, but sometimes the disc's lengthy array of tunescapes is a reminder that less is more."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"On Compass, Redman has finally learned the greatest trick from his mentor--to walk out on the wire with his horn more, trust the fluid abilities of his incredible rhythm section(s), and let his inner sense of song and freedom take precedence over his already well-established sense of discipline."
Rolling Stone,80,"Redman and his partners seem to revel in spontaneous contemporary music-making rather than try to create a concept or a project, and they are some of the best-equipped players in jazz to do just that."
Paste Magazine,80,"Josh's melodic intelligence and structural wit keeps things neat. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
The Guardian,70,"Fortunately, while the result of Redmans double-trio experiment lands well short of revolutionary, the idea and intention go a long way to making the listener hear the rest of Compass more acutely, searching for any other creative tidbits of which we now know Redman is surely capable."

Uncut,90,"More than any other recording issued by this excellent band, Leucocyte captures the art of music making at the moment of conception."
Under The Radar,80,"One thing we do know after listening to Leucocyte--the Esbjorn Svensson Trio's grandest achievement--is that its leader had much more to say, much more to explore."
The A.V. Club,80,"Profound and intense, they had reached a level of interaction most bands can only dream of. Svensson's loss goes deep."
PopMatters,70,"This is refreshing if not always easy or fun listening.  E.S.T. could have continued making contemplative or gospel-tinged acoustic jazz in the Jarrett/ECM mode (the brief Ajar here is a fine example), but Svensson and his group have been frying bigger fish from the start."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Svennson was noted for his freethinking mixing of pop and jazz genres and styles, which is why the work on Leucocyte feels fresh and enticing for just about any audience."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"It is fresh, original, and points the way."
AllMusic,88,"With the help of Moreno, Harland, and bassist Matt Penman, Parks turns the sound of contemporary pop into real jazz--his own."
The Guardian,80,"Invisible Cinema is as fine a debut as one is likely to hear in 2008."
Mojo,80,"Invisible Cinema is the opposite of a silent film. The soundtrack is provided; the listener brings the visuals."
PopMatters,80,"It's not a mere sampling of the contemporary piano scene, it's a real independent vision--Parks is a fast-rising star."

AllMusic,80,"Trumpeter Mathias Eick has a sound that gently beckons and, like softly spoken conversation, you instinctively lean forward to catch every gesture. One you'll listen to on repeat to fathom its subtle meanings."
Boston Globe,80,"Its familiarity insinuates itself with the remorse of ages, yet--present and correctly pristine production notwithstanding--might just as easily have telegraphed its constancy from the reel of some long-archived soundtrack."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A lot of it is slow tone-poetry, but Eick's rather mournful, puffs-of-air sound is pretty captivating."
PopMatters,80,"At the center of the albums sound is Mr. Eicks trumpet, with its pristine yet penetrating tone. Hes a commanding improviser, capable of serious drama and conscious of what goes unsaid."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The Door is a beautifully mysterious and deeply satisfying entry in the ECM canon and a very auspicious debut."

PopMatters,80,"Its this seamless motion and playful interplay that makes Polar Bear such a thrill; they seem to know exactly what to do and when  when to surprise, when to comfort, when to excite, when to calm."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Rochford, who leads magisterially as both drummer and prolific writer. He's a proper jazz composer, whose themes are spare, colourful and strong enough to frame and support extensive improvisation from his talented crew and guests."
AllMusic,80,"This long-awaited follow-ups sees them improvising live as a quintet, with a few overdubs. [Sep 2008, p.100]"
Boston Globe,40,"The third album by Polar Bear suggests that this is a band running out of ideas."

The Guardian,91,"Two Men With The Blues is Willie at his most limber--and the surprise is that his co-star, the oft-formal Wynton Marsalis, sounds just as loose."
Observer Music Monthly,90,"It's a flat-out joy."
PopMatters,90,"Ten exuberant, tender, casually elegant tracks later you realize - much to your surprise, if you're like me--that the pairing of the grizzled country star and the suave jazz master is an unmitigated, ear-tickling success."
The Guardian,90,"Accompanying a pure individualist and plain speaker like Nelson strips the Marsalis Quintet of its preciousness.  Here, Marsalis and company sound natural, loose, gritty, and certainly inspired."
The New York Times,83,"Willie and Wynton may seem like an odd couple, but this live disc makes the country legend amd jazz master sound like natural partners. [11 Jul 2008, p.75]"
AllMusic,80,"This performance with trumpeter Wynton Marsalis feels like a long-overdue summit meeting. These renditions of classics--including some of Willies own--sound completely natural."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Armstrongs example created the conditions for this to happen, and the record is an almost classical example of his old game: eluding American stereotypes of country, city, blues, jazz, race, class, humor and sadness."
The Guardian,80,"Impressive without being pretentious, Two Men possesses an urbane strut thats perfect for jazzheads--and their country cousins."
Uncut,80,"Aside from standout individual performances, what makes this vibrant session click so naturally is the collaborative spirit bonding these two great American artists tapping into the rich, varied legacy of our popular music."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Although Willie Nelson changes for no one, hes just as comfortable in your living room as he is in his, so its no surprise that a summit with Wynton Marsalis combo, recorded live at Jazz at Lincoln Center last year, is so inspired. [Summer 2008]"
The A.V. Club,80,"An album whose enviably assured vibe pretty much drips out of the speakers."
AllMusic,80,"Sure, the novelty helps, and if it recurs too often, the glee of hearing Nelson and Marsalis mesh will diminish. But hearing once how they play with and against each other is a real treat."
Boston Globe,80,"[A] gem-filled recording. [Aug 2008, p.111]"
PopMatters,80,"Willie's laidback voice is on top form, and for once, Wynton's garrulous trumpet takes a back seat, leaving space for some smart interjections from Mickey Rafael's harmonica and Walter Blanding's tenor sax. [Aug 2008, p.100]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"When the singers overfamiliarity with certain material risks turning him nonchalant, Dan Nimmers barrelhouse piano picks up the slack; just when youre ready to give up on an uninspired Hank Williams cover, some New Orleans parade funk kicks in."
Paste Magazine,60,"There's too much jokey bluster, and little ground is broken, but this is an entertaining diversion."
The New York Times,60,"This good-humoured set is sometimes a little too comfortable, but it's hard to gripe when they play Hoagy Carmichael songs 'Stardust' and 'Georgia On My Mind.' [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Vibe,50,"While this summit doesn't offer enough to interest more than the converted, the magnitude of the encounter tends to transcend whatever music is created."
Hartford Courant,40,"Dont count on hearing any lively back-and-forth exchanges, though, theyre clearly too respectful of each other to risk stepping on any toes in public."

Under The Radar,88,"Every song, no matter how familiar, is transformed by one detail or another."
Billboard,80,"It's one of this enigmatic artist's most satisfying albums in a long time."
Village Voice,80,"Naturalism is the idea, but this is a beautifully constructed record, from Mr. Morans blenderized, genre-defying piano solos to Ms. Wilsons judicious phrasing, using the full range of her double-smoked voice."
Mojo,80,"Whether rollicking through 'St. James Infirmary' or reflecting on 'Wouldn't It Be Loverly,' Wilson is in top-form, always sounding quite loverly."
Uncut,80,"She reinvents the standards songbook in her image, using her deep, husky, Malboro-burnished voice to breathe life intro hackneyed old showtunes. [July 2008, p.115]"
Blender,80,"Like other recent albums, this is not consistent enough to be classic Wilson but her voice still regularly seduces. [July 2008, p.109]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Her voice, dark, nuanced and full of mystery, shows what a class act the singer has become."
Q Magazine,80,"Loverly proves once again that she needs no artifice to soar musically. [July 2008, p.60]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Loverly is the only reason to avoid imposing a moratorium on the very tired standards genre that has become the bane of jazz in recent years. It cannot be recommended highly enough."
NOW Magazine,70,"As always, Wilson loves to toy with melody and phrasing, a penchant that often yields delicious results."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Interpreter extraordinaire Cassandra Wilson embraces a cool dozen standards, although, unfortunately, the overall taste is not quite as cool. [Summer 2008]"
The Guardian,60,"The subtle rhythms of Nigerian percussionist Lekan Babalola giving something new to Wilson's versions of great old songs. [Aug 2008, p.145]"

The New York Times,83,"PROG, like all their recordings, is another collection of professionally played and well-produced tunes that present themselves to a potential mass audience with hectic grace, sober whimsy, fluent navigation of chaos and without the slightest shred of pomposity."
Hartford Courant,80,"Anyone who has already decided that jazz is dead, that the great innovators have come and gone, needs to listen to the Bad Plus to be proven dead wrong."
Uncut,80,"Easily the most likable and listenable jazz album of 2007. [12 May 2007]"
Mojo,80,"Everybody Wants to Rule The World and Life On Mars both receive willful and gorgeous deconstruction here, but the real essence of things lies in two original compositions, Physical Cities and Giant, in which the band deviously expands the possibilities of what jazz is and will become."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The Bad Plus has yet to release a truly flawless LP, but each new record shows that time and touring has only made the trio tighter and better."
Vibe,70,"This album confirms established Bad Plus ideals: directness, cohesiveness and a headlong approach to everything, including delicate emotional candor. [7 May 2007]"
AllMusic,70,"You'll come for the playful covers... and stay for the inventive originals. [#17, p.98]"
Boston Globe,60,"It's not likely this music will age spectacularly well, but so what?"

Under The Radar,80,"Some may blow off Tongues as too jammy or underdeveloped, but neither is truly the case and, in fact, it's unpolished characteristic is core to it's sound."
Q Magazine,80,"Tongues is a record of surpassing depth and ingenuity."
Stylus Magazine,80,"The reason Tongues works so well is not because the song lengths are significantly shorter, but because both Hebden and Reid interact on the same wave length."
AllMusic,75,"It doesn't always work, but there are more than enough explosive moments to pick up the slack."
Billboard,70,"More structured than its predecessors. [Apr 2007, p.102]"
Paste Magazine,70,"'Tongues' contains some of the most uneasy listening ever."
PopMatters,70,"The pair are so full of ideas, there's scarcely a dull moment. [Apr 2007, p.119]"
The New York Times,60,"Hebden and Reid's music is as full of depth and ideas as before."
Under The Radar,60,"Showcases skittering electronics framed by grounded, dynamic percussion. [Apr 2007, p.88]"
Amazon.com,60,"Tongues is a shorter, tighter set of songs that retains the pair's reckless spirit of improvisation and experimentation. [Apr 2007, p.104]"
Lost At Sea,60,"There are sublime moments here, and occasionally the interplay is breathtaking. This is pretty rare however, which leaves the rest of the record sounding just as youd imagine it would, which isnt a bad thing, just not at the levels of creativity weve come to expect."
PopMatters,50,"Despite its misfires, Tongues does make for an intriguing listen, and the record is punctuated with the occasional highlight."
Drowned In Sound,42,"The underlying problem here seems to be that Hebden still isn't comfortable in his own skin while improvising, with Reid or otherwise."

Almost Cool,80,"The darker, more mischievous mood at work is perfectly complemented by arrangements that are as inventive as they are austere."
Uncut,80,"A very good showcase for Jones's evolution as a writer and musician."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This collection of quaint, feel-good numbers is not going to set the world alight, but it offers something warm and comforting to come home to."
Q Magazine,80,"What's especially daring about Not Too Late is the degree to which Jones and [producer Lee] Alexander trust their songs and her languorous voice to hold the listener's interest. [Feb 2007, p.75]"
AllMusic,80,"The majority of Not Too Late hums with a placid darkness and neurosis which is as delicious as it is unexpected. [Feb 2007, p.104]"
Spin,75,"Nobody's rocking the boat too much, though Jones does seem to be trying to dig a little deeper into the heart of the material."
Urb,75,"Too good to hate, not exciting enough to love, she still makes most of whats out there sound like phony baloney."
No Ripcord,70,"Subtlety was a defining characteristic of her first two records, and it carries over onto 'Not Too Late,' where even the differences are understated and discreet."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Norah Jones proves herself to be as great a songwriter as she is a pianist and vocalist."
Pitchfork,70,"Norah Jones has the potential to be one of the defining singers of the decade, but her songwriting needs to take on more styles and more voices."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Not Too Late may not be the break from form that Jones is capable of, but it's an album that takes enough chances to suggest that she's started down that path."
NOW Magazine,68,"Yes, there could be more new ground broken in this material, but this does not necessarily equate to artistic diffidence."
musicOMH.com,67,"Sonically, at least, the album takes only a small step away from the latte-lover mainstream."
Uncut,67,"Jones has concocted a pleasing effort underneath its delicate air."
Mojo,67,"While the music remains modest, there are a few moments of gratifying lyrical incision and indecision befitting this being Jones first album bereft of covers."
Los Angeles Times,60,"With a surfeit of samey country-rock ballads, Not Too Late ultimately proves rather a long haul. [Feb 2007, p.98]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It's pretty music, beautifully performed. But Norah Jones has more to offer than this."
Hartford Courant,60,"Norah's most personal collection of songs to date."
PopMatters,60,"Mildly adventurous."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Its ragged, unfinished nature illustrates that she's more interested in pursuing her art than recycling Come Away with Me, and if this third album isn't as satisfying as that debut, it nevertheless is a welcome transitional effort that proves her artistic heart is in the right place."
Slant Magazine,60,"While Not Too Late is a shade darker than her mega-selling, Grammy-winning template, it's highly unlikely to win all that many new converts, and fans may find this album a little bit of a slog in places."
cokemachineglow,40,"That voice is still 'that voice,' but gravity was never what made it fly."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Again, the results are a mutant virus of gorgeous and bland, grainy and slick. [Mar 2007, p.135]"

Austin Chronicle,83,"Krall always aims for intimacy, here suffused with newfound warmth. [29 Sep 2006, p.78]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"While she's always been a pleasant presence on album, Krall has developed from a talented pianist who can sing nicely into an engaging, classy, and sultry vocalist with tastefully deft improvisational chops."
Q Magazine,80,"When standards are done like this, there's just nothing like 'em."
The Guardian,63,"Many of the tracks suggest that she may have left some of the familiar Krall spunkiness back in the other room. [17 Sep 2006, p.E44]"
Dot Music,60,"It's the record that regular Krall devotees demand. So is it churlish to suggest that she's capable of something more? [Oct 2006, p.111]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Alas, she doesn't have the power or swing to ride a big band, and as soon as producer Tommy LiPuma turns up the contrast and volume, her voice hardens. [Oct 2006, p.112]"
AllMusic,40,"It's incontestably menopausal, but fairly dapper with it. [Oct 2006, p.122]"

Drowned In Sound,100,"As intimate and unforced an album as I've ever heard. [Nov 2006, p.104]"
Village Voice,91,"World is like stumbling into a jazz caf at closing time. [22 Sep 2006, p.94]"
Blender,80,"Peyroux is a wonderful singer and this collection of songs is her best yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Peyroux's enviable ability to sing just behind the beat conveys effortless sophistication. [Nov 2006, p.124]"
AllMusic,75,"The template holds."
Amazon.com,70,"The delicateness of Half the Perfect World is certainly nice, but Peyroux seems to be using it as a device to hide behind instead of an actual expression of feeling."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Fans of Norah Jones should gobble up this album, but Peyroux is no mere imitator: She's her own, very real thing."
Mojo,70,"Perfect rainy day music. [Nov 2006, p.147]"
Uncut,60,"Only a tender take on Tom Waits' '(Looking For) The Heart of a Saturday Night' gives Peyroux the glimmer of modernity Perfect World so desperately craves. [Oct 2006, p.80]"
Q Magazine,60,"Much of it is polite and pretty. [21 Sep 2006, p.88]"

Mojo,80,"Naysayers may argue that none of the tracks needs to be as long as they are (at 16 minutes and two seconds, We Dream Free is the shortest) but sounds as subtle as these need room to spread out just as a fine wine needs room to breathe."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It is as if both musicians have tapped into a single communal memory of music, discovering it as they play with each flurry of notes and rhythms."
musicOMH.com,80,"The stumbling spontaneity is refreshing. [Jul 2006, p.95]"
Uncut,80,"As strong as volume one, Hebden and Reid's finale to their improvised sessions is worthy of an encore. [Jul/Aug 2006, p.124]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"The work would not have been out of place on a more skeletal version of My Life in the Bush of Ghosts."
AllMusic,70,"These are talented musicians-- and Vol. 2 is superior to the first disc-- but that development hardly merits owning two full albums of indifferent collaboration."
Amazon.com,67,"The Exchange Sessions second volume retreads the same path that Hebden and Reid took earlier, but they truly go places this time around."
Q Magazine,63,"Free jazz fiends and fans of the first volume will find plenty to love here."
Paste Magazine,60,"There are few compelling reasons to listen to The Exchange Session Vol. 2 more than once."
Rolling Stone,50,"At its best, the albumit does achieve an interesting hybrid of jazz and electronic music. At its worst, its simply boring. [#14]"
musicOMH.com,40,"Neither of them could truly be called free players - most of their own music is fairly composed - and it sometimes seems like they dont really know what theyre doing with each other."
PopMatters,40,"One album might have served better than two. [Jun 2006, p.116]"
Uncut,30,"[By 'We Dream Free'] it all starts to loosen up and swing a bit more. But even here it ends up treading water. [#269, p.42]"

Urb,80,"Its clear that chemistry was in the air."
AllMusic,80,"In just under 40 minutes, Hebden and Reid offer one of the most thrilling documents of real-time improvisation youre likely to hear this year."
Pitchfork,80,"This CD is in itself a bold challenge to producers everywhere to step out from behind the laptop and explore the creative, spontaneous elements of live interaction."
Stylus Magazine,75,"Like all free jazz albums, The Exchange Session, Vol. 1 should be approached with caution. Its a great night-driving companion and opens up to the patient listener willing to give it more than one chance."
Almost Cool,70,"This volume is a success and points the way toward new and compelling -- if still amorphous -- territory between rhythmic and electronic improvisation."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The artists seem to have brought the best out of each other, and the result is much better than just hearing them go through the motions."
Under The Radar,70,"Genuinely ear-popping... utterly mesmeric. [Apr 2006, p.119]"
Dusted Magazine,68,"In general-- and despite passages of extreme beauty-- something seems amiss on Exchange Session."
Q Magazine,67,"The album achieves a great deal of its success from the relaxed collaboration, but it does suffer from it, as well. Reid and Hebden interact so casually that they don't find the friction to really propel great improvisational music."
The Wire,65,"There are moments where the two seem to sync up nicely and really unveil something beautiful and unique, but there are far too many other passages where the pairing doesn't quite seem to fully jel."
BBC collective,60,"Part inspired, part impenetrable. [Mar 2006, p.104]"
PopMatters,60,"The record doesnt sound much like a free improv session, but it retains the crucial dynamic of starting from zero and seeing where it goes, and theres enough going on here to make me curious where theyll go next."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Occasionally self-indulgence threatens, but no matter; there is an undeniable musical hunger and pioneering spirit at work here. [Apr 2006, p.101]"
Lost At Sea,60,"Together, Reid and Hebden weave engaging tales without ever managing the transcendent spontaneity these kinds of collaborations sell themselves on."
AllMusic,50,"The formula established in track one is repeated in the combined half hour of the other two tracks here to less devastating effect."
Billboard,20,"If you're really into jazz (and I mean really) or are a Four Tet completist, this is for you; if not, I'd stay away. [#13, p.92]"

Q Magazine,90,"Exceptionally beautiful and assured."
Pitchfork,82,"If this is your first exposure to Clogs, you've picked a fantastic time to become acquainted."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Sensuous, subtle but emotionally overwhelming dreamscapes, whose luminous beauty makes pigeonholing nigh on impossible."
Almost Cool,80,"This is music that never quite settles; it's in perpetual motion."
Uncut,80,"For those familiar with the music of Clogs, Lantern won't sound like much of a departure, but a definite improvement. The nuance of piano, the swelling strings that exercise restraint, the welling and wheeze of a crescendo  it all delivers."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The best approach here is to set aside genre delineations (who needs 'em?) and simply surrender."
Mojo,80,"The 'contemporary classical' tag doesn't do justice to their cinematic, intense instrumental narratives. [Mar 2006, p.104]"
Prefix Magazine,73,"They capture and transform generic ideas about space and environment in ways beyond the grasp of most bands. Sadly, this approach limits their accessibility; even so, theirs is a world well worth, at least, a visit."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Intricate and atmospheric. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.102]"
Under The Radar,70,"Their music is exquisite; it rocks, saws and sings its way into your heart."
Neumu.net,70,"There's no denying its stout hart. [Apr 2006, p.113]"
Pitchfork,70,"It may never fly in the conservatory, but the music of Clogs is sure to make the bar set feel a little more cultured."
BBC collective,60,"For those inclined toward the indie end of things, there's plenty to like here, but there's also plenty that will inspire head-scratching or, worse yet, yawns. [#71, p.89]"
Playlouder,40,"Particularly in the lugubrious opening half of the disc, Clogs tends to repeat things simply for the sake of repeating them without really building towards anything."

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Ladds drive and focus throughout the entire album keeps the listeners ear, as each moment is unexpected, even after multiple listens."
Dot Music,90,"It's hugely ambitious, and yet also perhaps Ladd's most focused record yet. [Mar 2005, p.112]"
Uncut,80,"This is one of Ladd's most accomplished albums to date, proving once again that he's one of the most forward-thinking artists around."
cokemachineglow,80,"Each of Ladd's compositions are moody yet ethereal."
Paste Magazine,80,"Ladd's eclectic and downbeat montage of samples creates a rootless soundscape, seemingly geographically transient, restless, impatient and unsettling. It is the perfect backdrop for Ladd's soul-searching reflexes and rants. [#251, p.54]"
PopMatters,80,"Instantly enjoyable."
Q Magazine,72,"Its best moments are stellar and exhilarating."
AllMusic,70,"Ladd's band... cooks this tangle of worry and dada to perfection."
Magnet,70,"A workout for both mind and soul. [Jun 2005, p.97]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Some moments are exciting, but overall it's a bit cluttered."
Lost At Sea,30,"Reek[s] of overt smugness and wilful obliqueness. [16 Apr 2005, p.51]"

Urb,91,"Alternately poignant and playful. [30 Apr 2004, p.161]"
AllMusic,90,"This bold recording is a jazz record made with care, creativity, and a wonderfully intimate aesthetic fueling its 12 songs."
Billboard,83,"The pretty ballads meditating on the vast wilderness and lonely highways of the great white north provide the perfect showcase for Krall's sultry voice and Costello's classic melodies."
The Wire,70,"Key to the success of the disc is Krall's stretch on the keys, making this her strongest jazz outing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"There's a bolder choice of material.... Her playing has loosened up too.  [Jun 2004, p.100]"
Pitchfork,60,"The Girl In The Other Room represents an experiment for Krall, and not an entirely successful one, but at the end of the record, having demonstrated the confidence to explain herself, she comes out with some of her most persuasive music yet."
Rolling Stone,60,"Starts strong and finishes weak, but it's forgivable considering the gems contained in this 12-song set. [May 2004, p.97]"
Mojo,50,"Unfortunately, the spell breaks down and the songs grow tedious as the album nears its end, practically running out of a steam like an emotional rollercoaster stranded at the bottom of the tracks."
Splendid,40,"For all their craft, the songs are bland and vague. [May 2004, p.126]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"It's Krall's voice that has always been her biggest problem... consequently, these songs feel like elegant but bloodless conceits. [Jun 2004, p.85]"

Entertainment Weekly,100,"The production is crystal clear and the soundstage huge, but the true achievement here stems from the huge difficulty in being able to tell where musical mastery has become studio wizardry, as the recording has the vitality and sensitivity of a live recording as well as the flawless sound and power of the synthetic."
AllMusic,83,"The added dissonant improvisation replaces the Blade Runner futurism of his hip-hop beats with a chilling Taxi Driver dread. [Apr 2004, p.94]"
E! Online,80,"A collection of nourishing soundscapes, all of which are just as jagged and defiant as El-P's hip-hop work."
Billboard,80,"It has a very laidback, late night, smoky loft vibe going on."
Q Magazine,72,"A compelling synthesis of the hip-hop producer's talents and the solid ensemble work of the Blue Series collective."
The A.V. Club,70,"The results are pleasing and anticlimactic at once. [#240, p.57]"
Mojo,67,"A quiet, meditative effort. [5 Mar 2004, p.68]"
Launch.com,40,"The unpredictable edge that's helped made the series a standout is gone. [May 2004, p.108]"
Blender,30,"For the most part, what hampers the recording is a reliance on a single type of musical form: the vamp. Over simple (and endlessly repetitive) chordal structures, the players just noodle."

Uncut,91,"There are eight originals seething with funky new millennium rhythms and succulent harmonic flights. [19 Mar 2004, p.65]"
PopMatters,80,"Dry, cavernous production by studio pro Tchad Blake lends Give some of its uniqueness, but more crucial is The Bad Plus' way of thinking through jazz compositions with a pop mind."
Spin,80,"For all of their rock leanings, they are a jazz combo in the best way possibleeach player brings a potent set of chops to his respective instrument."
Billboard,80,"Another eclectic, bold and idiosyncratic concoction of modern jazz."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Another gripping CD of thunder and grace."
Pitchfork,80,"By any standard, jazz or otherwise, it is moving, mighty music - bad in all the right ways."
The Wire,78,"Like its predecessor, Give is edgy, irreverent, and yes, fun."
E! Online,70,"It's perhaps a tad effortful here and there, but it's gloriously impolite. [Apr 2004, p.113]"
Alternative Press,70,"At times, the band sounds totally incongruous, off in their own sound-proof studios beating their instruments into submission. At other times, the three come together to produce a sophisticated and ceaselessly pleasurable jazz/pop synthesis."
Dusted Magazine,60,"While obviously talented and often inspired, it is unclear if the Bad Plus are avant-garde enough to appeal to hardcore jazz fans, or pop-oriented enough to grab the attention of rock listeners."
Entertainment Weekly,56,"Even its best moments sound like an amateurish reiteration of These Are the Vistas' quasi-jazz anarchy."
The A.V. Club,40,"It's music that's all cleverness and fury from a distance, but when studied up close, it turns out to be pretty hollow. [Apr 2004, p.126]"

Stylus Magazine,90,"There simply isn't another singer working in pop music now that holds a candle to Jones."
Splendid,90,"Far from rehashing her debut, she's made an older and wiser sequel, where the quiet magic of each song gets stronger with every listen. [Mar 2003, p.101]"
Billboard,88,"This is no more a perfect album than 'Come Away With Me,' but its highlights again carry the stamp of a singer whose talent is strong and whose vision is true."
Rolling Stone,83,"Instead of making any stupid concessions to her sudden celebrity... the Home girl plays it cool, carrying on with the same smooth vibes that made her a star."
Austin Chronicle,83,"A better record than Come Away--less piano bar, more honkey-tonk. [Apr 2004, p.93]"
Mojo,80,"It's similar to the debut.... But there's a more vivid light-and-shade to the textures and a craft and depth to the compositions that represent a welcome distillation of Jones' art. [Mar 2004, p.92]"
PopMatters,80,"The most heartening thing about Feels Like Home is the utter absence of fussiness, or second-album overthink. It extends the Come Away With Me template while never echoing the earlier songs."
AllMusic,80,"A soft and amiable album that frames Jones' 'soft-focus Aretha Franklin' voice with a group of songs that are as classy as they are quiet."
Pitchfork,80,"Recalling Come Away With Me only for Joness sultry voice, the album has its share of pleasant throwaways, but those are balanced by a handful of starkly beautiful and excellently arranged songs."
Blender,80,"It should neither shock old fans nor disappoint those hoping to hear her reach for more."
PopMatters,76,"There are moments when Feels Like Home feels too maudlin ('Humble Me') or overly subdued ('Carnival Town'), but it's a generally winning collection of finely polished (albeit innocuous) gems."
Q Magazine,75,"The vibe is more early Bonnie Raitt than early Sarah Vaughan. [13 Feb 2004, p.70]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"If the choice of songs and beat and instrumentation were sometimes restrictive, still the piano and the voice endured."
E! Online,70,"Yes, it's an unchallenging and even deeply conservative record. But its class is positively aristocratic. [Mar 2004, p.99]"
Spin,70,"Eventually youre left longing for a dash of spontaneity or that the band would break into something adventurous."
Mojo,70,"The mood of Jones's second album is more or less the same, if slightly friskier. [Mar 2004, p.118]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Material is everything to a chanteuse, and in contrast to Come Away With Me, the problem here is that Jones wrote/co-wrote almost half of the Home's 13 tracks."
AllMusic,40,"Endlessly pleasing (or trying to please), Feels Like Home dilutes even Joness brand of comfort-food jazz, grinding it down to something like a chewy gob of baby food."
Launch.com,20,"Feels Like Home is so inoffensive you have trouble remembering whether you put it on."

The A.V. Club,100,"Sophisticated stuff even for a music vet; truly stunning considering McKay is only 19."
ShakingThrough.net,100,"Dizzying in its scope and ambition."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Not counting Stephin Merritt, no other under-40 approaches McKay's gift for cabaret."
Village Voice,88,"Filled with just the kind of unpredictable twists and turns that you'd expect from someone who lists Doris Day as one of her idols and hopes someday to be compared to Bob Dylan. [29 Feb 2004]"
Uncut,80,"McKay mixes pathos and goofiness with egghead glee."
Dot Music,80,"This has wit in spades, an irrepressible love of language and genuine originality. [Oct 2004, p.110]"
Blender,80,"Her coy delivery suggests a seething everywoman concealing her rage under an ominously bright surface."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Often, Get Away From Me sounds like the work of someone with decades of experience getting one shot to try every idea she's ever had. [17 Mar 2004]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"So ignore the Doris-Day-meets-Eminem descriptions youre seeing; this is more like Kate Bush meets Phil Ochs."
The Guardian,75,"The record could use more songs like 'David,' where her bratty valedictorian wit is balanced with a sense of real emotional stakes. [Apr 2004, p.93]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Get Away From Me is an exciting debut that could become a cult favorite among pissed-off girl-women of McKay's age; if she can focus her creative energy without sacrificing any of the bite of her debut, she'll become an even more impressive talent."
The Guardian,70,"McKay runs the risk of stalling out at 'adorably wacky' instead of actually meaning anything at all, or rewarding multiple listens with something more."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),70,"Think Randy Newman crooned in a voice like Peggy Lee and delivered with the panache of Rufus Wainwright. [Sep 2004, p.96]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"A screw is definitely loose somwhere, but so what? [Oct 2004, p.128]"
Rolling Stone,68,"There's no mistaking McKay's talent as a songwriter, even if, as on 'The Dog Song,' she still falls too easily prey to cloying preciousness."
Mojo,63,"With better lyrics and a longer attention span, McKay would be a jaw-dropping songwriter, but it's difficult to get sucked into a song if you don't connect with the singer."
Blender,40,"It's sometimes hard to tell who's running the show, the major label or the major talent."

The A.V. Club,90,"Sometimes it seems almost sleight-of-hand that any music could have so much going on and yet be so spacious."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Rootsy and undeniable, The Intercontinentals is yet another Frisellian work of genius."
Spin,90,"Simultaneously adventurous, beautiful, and full of depth."
AllMusic,90,"This is a remarkable album; it sets a new water mark for Frisell's sense of adventure and taste, and displays his perception of beauty in a pronounced, uncompromising, yet wholly accessible way."
PopMatters,80,"The result is laidback and chilled. [Apr 2003, p.104]"
Uncut,70,"An album of languid grooves and slowly descending melodies. [#16, p.117]"
Q Magazine,67,"Every once in a while a drone or pattern emerges, reminding me of what I treasure most in 'world music'-- articulated rhythm. Then he gets some tech genie or steel player to throw on another synth substitute and it's back to the miasma."

ShakingThrough.net,83,"The loose song structures will lose less dedicated listeners, but those seeking hip-hop on a higher level need look no further. [7 Mar 2003, p.73]"
Pitchfork,80,"The fireworks do not ignite the way they might have, but that is the nature of experimentation. Nevertheless, this is all great fun, a function of Shipp's slippery mind, and the results are not only danceable but disconcertingly so."
Austin Chronicle,80,"What emerges is not necessarily either jazz or hip-hop, even though the component parts of both genres are readily discernable."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Drawing notions of rhythm, tonality and structure akin to the work of avant-garde greats Roscoe Mitchell, Sun Ra and Kool Keith, Antipop vs. Matthew Shipp is an inventive, spaced-out fusion of classical free jazz and futuristic electro hip-hop."
Amazon.com,80,"This is a carefully nuanced collaboration, with stepping stones of surprising convention leading listeners slowly into deeper waters."
PopMatters,80,"Surprisingly much more accessible than the idea first sounds. [May 2003, p.106]"
AllMusic,72,"While this is a step forward for Shipp, for APC, it's a side-step from their gleamingly tricked-out, beat-tweaked and freaky Arrhythmia."
Mojo,70,"For the most part, words and music are woven together in interesting and convincing ways."
Blender,70,"The end product falls short of being synergistic. Neither contender in this sonic duel really lets loose; both Shipp and Anti-Pop Consortium seem too passive and deferential toward each other."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),62,"Theres plenty to recommend this album, but rarely do Shipp and Antipop ever really come together."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Overall you sense that the full potential of the encounter is not being realised. [#230, p.61]"
AllMusic,60,"The big downer about Vs. tends to be its sporadic hinting at the greatness that could have been: small pockets of significance surrounded by many mediocre passages."

PopMatters,91,"With equal measures of beauty, terror, and comedy in their own stuff, there's plenty going on besides stunt covers. [2 May 2003, p.71]"
Neumu.net,90,"Amidst all the fun is a dynamic record that holds your attention."
Launch.com,89,"The Bad Plus plies a refreshingly playful, forcefully dynamic, and knowingly irreverent sensibility that stretches the boundaries of the format without dislodging the music from its foundation."
Mojo,80,"What is impressive is that the trio manages to sound contemporary using only piano, bass, and drums, and without resorting to electronic gimmicks."
Pitchfork,80,"Their songbook bravado and grip of extreme dynamics are vividly caught in the poleaxed cover of Nirvana's 'Smells Like Teen Spirit.'"
Splendid,80,"A fun and decidedly unsnobby listen for both jazzophiles and newbies alike."
Ink 19,80,"I hope that These are the Vistas doesn't go down in history as 'that record where the jazz guys played Nirvana', because it is much more than that."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Merges jazz, pop, and the conservatory in a heady and original way, accessible and seriously playful."
The Wire,80,"This is exhilarating stuff. [Mar 2003, p.111]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"An acoustic jazz trio for the future: funny, imaginative and completely unbeholden to the traditions of the music. [#14, p.130]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The band achieve an impressive impact with a wide dynamic range. [Jun 2003, p.109]"
Amazon.com,80,"[The Bad Plus] aren't exactly reinventing jazz, but they are up to the task of aggressively disdaining genre conventions, in terms of upending arrangements, going with eclectic programming, and revamping their instruments' respective roles."
Austin Chronicle,70,"This is a hard, focused album that should both piss off and impress the jazz and rock clientele in equal measures."
AllMusic,70,"They have a knack for hitting the melody where some more experimental outfits might opt for a diverse array of craziness."
Rolling Stone,60,"Far from essential, but... a good jazz starting point for the unitiated. [Mar 2003, p.90]"
PopMatters,54,"The cover of Blondies Heart of Glass is pretty inventive.... Unfortunately for the group, the album doesnt approach these moments of sublimity nearly enough."

Splendid,100,"A perfect 41-minute album that balances wide-open melodic inventions with crisp, time-stopping grooves. [Listen 2 This supplement, Feb 2003, p.10]"
Village Voice,90,"It's surely his finest recorded hour to date. [#230, p.61]"
Mojo,90,"Shipp, whose restless vision is never clouded by grandiosity or pretense, has become the most important pianist on the scene today. Equilibrium is soul music for the mind."
Blender,90,"Brilliantly melds the aural imagery of Andrew Hill's '60s Blue Note classic Judgment! with contemporary electronica effects."
Uncut,90,"What makes Equilibrium special is the wonderfully atmospheric combination of Shipp's most minimalist playing and Jamal's glowing vibes; the rhythms, too, have a hypnotic sense of groove."
Billboard,80,"It is refreshing to encounter an album that does a number of different things well rather than sticking to a tried and true formula."
Ink 19,80,"While there are programmed beats, ambient synths and samples aplenty to be found here, the overall vibe of this recording is one of a classic swinging session."
Pitchfork,79,"But instead of pushing the electronics and making a funkier, nastier successor to his hit [Nu-Bop], this new disc feels like nothing so much as the Modern Jazz Quartet."
Alternative Press,60,"It reminds me that equilibrium, in chemical terms, is stasis -- I get through the whole thing without hearing much chemistry at all."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Listening to Equilibrium is like attending a Matthew Shipp museum retrospective: one samples the various facets of Shipps recent career without delving too deeply into any one of them."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"A mellow concoction of atmospheric textures, electronic samples and funk-lite beats."
The Wire,10,"This is music that took out all of the adjectives."

AllMusic,91,"Morphs subtly between hip-hop abstraction and unalloyed free-improv exploration. [Listen 2 This supplement, Aug 2002, p.23]"
Amazon.com,90,"Optometry will go down as the album that DJ Spooky nailed. [#36, p.52]"
Billboard,90,"A cohesive, 100-percent successful record. [Oct 2002, p.95]"
Splendid,80,"Given the talent on hand it would take some horrible disaster to sink 'Optometry,' but the combo actually bests expectations."
Junkmedia,80,"An exercise in electronic-jazz fusion that stays faithful to its premise without being enslaved by it."
Pitchfork,80,"Optometry is a success in terms of both sound and vision. [#221, p.53]"
PopMatters,80,"Riff, vamp, timbral fractures, lyrical tension, splintered harmonics, and a constant, seductive sense of groove permeate this jazz album, opening up a door onto a brave new future for a free jazz with soul -- Spooky has exceeded all expectations here."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It sounds as if every note, every beat, has been cut apart from the others, examined, modified, and then carefully placed back into the mix. It can be unsettling; also compelling."
Rolling Stone,75,"After the initial bustle of a few extremely strong tracks, Optometry wanders blindly for far too long."
Ink 19,70,"Not for the masses, but a treat for those turned on by the erratic tendencies of free jazz. [Sep 2002, p.75]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"While the results may not break down conventions, it does provide a heaping helping of interesting music."
Resonance,60,"A complex, avant-garde amalgamation of styles for only the most adventurous ears. [Aug 2002, p.116]"
Alternative Press,60,"At turns pensive and frenetic but always richly textured. [17 Oct 2002, p.72]"
Billboard,60,"Optometry's highlights throw expectation to the wind. They're more than jazz, more than hip-hop, more than whatever the hell 'illbient' actually is."

The A.V. Club,90,"MMW charge brazenly past cries of Jimmy Smith worship into territory rarely covered by artists either acoustic or electric. [Jun 2002, p.80]"
The Wire,90,"While some of the complexities of their precursors have been beveled off by MM&W, dancefloor maniacs and couch boppers alike will find something to admire in rhythmically compulsive entries like the title track."
AllMusic,83,"A weird ride, but a good one."
PopMatters,80,"If any one album can be said to pick up on the surreal funk explorations of latter-day Miles Davis, Uninvisible is it."
Pitchfork,80,"Picking up where their 2000 release The Dropper left off and echoing the freeform explorations of their defining 1996 effort Shack Man, Uninvisible falls right in step with these two then takes off running."
Mixer,70,"Their most enjoyable collection yet."
Almost Cool,63,"Many tracks come off as retreads or ideas freeze-dried for consumption at the trio's famous exhaustingly intense live shows."
Urb,60,"Enveloping, winding, shape-shifting jams that stick together like a deep headphone jam session more than they stick out as noodly jazz guys. [Apr 2002, p.78]"
Rolling Stone,60,"MMW start with some dirty grooves, then add DJs, horn sections and singers for dissonance and disruptions. [Apr/May 2002, p.115]"

Splendid,100,"Gorgeous and intimate, the 14 songs on her debut disc ache with romantic maturity and a smart, slow-jam sexiness that belies the fact that, at 22, Jones is hardly older than Britney."
Alternative Press,91,"Her voice is supple and precise, her touch on piano lovely."
Launch.com,90,"A showcase for Jones' remarkable voice, the disc captures a singer whose rare instinct for interpretation always serves the song, rather than working against it."
E! Online,80,"She has created a complete, original style that straddles multiple musical genres."
AllMusic,80,"While the mood of this record stagnates after a few songs, it does give a strong indication of Jones' alluring talents."
PopMatters,70,"Her readings of the Hank Williams classic, 'Cold Cold Heart' and Hoagy Carmichael's 'The Nearness of You' alone are worth the price of the CD."
Rolling Stone,70,"Inevitably, it all starts to grow a little samey."
Pitchfork,70,"She sings in an earthy growl that can send chills, or a conspiratorial whisper that suggests she's sharing sworn secrets, or a weary sigh that exudes the kind of quiet, easygoing intimacy that doesn't come around in songs too much anymore."
Mixer,67,"There's a seductive quality to the simple yet sophisticated and intimate ambience Jones creates with this music."

Blender,90,"The music gets gorgeously bizarre, but there is always a sleepy dog and a piece of apple pie waiting at night's end."
E! Online,90,"Blues Dream is both a compendious evocation and synthesis of a range of genres that never sounds merely eclectic... It's one of Frisell's most ambitious productions to date. [#207, p.61]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"With the addition of trumpet, trombone, and alto sax to his quartet sound, however, Frisell is on the job with a jumbo-sized sonic palette. The results, tune by tune, are as eccentric as they are intriguing."
The A.V. Club,80,"Blues Dream is one of those rare instrumental records that neither bores or infuriates."
PopMatters,80,"Frisells fondness for putting unusual combinations of instruments together adds to the overall effect, leaving the listener to wonder why no one has ever tried this before. Blues Dream is a lovely release that should satisfy Frisell fans as well as jazz, country, and blues fans looking for a genre bending experience."
AllMusic,80,"Blues Dream, Frisell's best collection since 1995's breakthrough Nashville, frequently incorporates blues as the base for a strong batch of evocative arrangements..."
Amazon.com,80,"With the twangy, kaleidoscopic blend of country blues, downtown jazz and so many other unexpected flavors and sounds on Bill Frisell's latest album, Blues Dream, one can't help but be reminded a little of the updated American folkloric music score in the Coen Brothers' latest film."

Dot Music,82,"An energetic and ambitious collection-"
Rolling Stone,80,"This is true hepcat music -- shaken rockabilly, stirred swing, chilled Big Band and it's finger-snappin' upbeat all the way through."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Bringing some rock into swing is clearly Setzer's forte, and he blurs the lines between swing, rockabilly, and surf with ease."
Launch.com,60,"[Setzer] reaches back to actual swing classics like 'Pennsylvania 6-5000' and 'In the Mood,' as well as to vocal and jazzesque chestnuts like 'Caravan' and 'Mack the Knife.' Foolishly, he has updated these with ungainly frills like hip-hop passages and dim-bulb lyrics.... other energetic fare works better..."
The Wire,50,"On one hand, Vavoom! has the same can't-sit-still energy and brilliant musicianship of the 17-piece orchestra's previous efforts... But it sometimes seems as if Vavoom! goes a little too far in its attempt to sound experimental and break new ground in updated big band music."
Billboard,50,"Despite his always dead-on guitar playing and decent set of pipes, Setzer pens original material that tends toward repetition. Couple that with a rather pedestrian 'Mack The Knife'... and 'Vavoom!' comes across as listenable, but ultimately forgettable"
PopMatters,50,"The results are unfortunately as atrocious as they are blasphemous, setting a tone that keeps Vavoom! mostly falling flat on its straining-to-jump-jive-an'-wail face."

