8,"IV is a much less focus, and much more experimental, take on their style. Jazz elements are brought to the forefront, as are electronic ones. The songs with guests vocalists were a nice change of pace. I enjoyed it quite a bit, but don't expect the same dark, brooding album as III.",1,1,"Jul 19, 2016"
4,"As a fan of BBNG since their first EP I'm kind of disappointed by this album. It's really by the books and is overproduced, and not something that I expected from BBNG. If this is the new direction they are going then I don't know if I can be bothered following their music.",2,7,"Jul  8, 2016"
2,"what a delusion! I was hoping in something like 'Real Good Hands' or 'Liquid Spirit', but this album is too much repetitive.... This is one of the worst jazz album ever made",2,4,"Jun  6, 2016"
4,"This album is a 'jazz-pop' album that shows that sometimes you can't say that some works are good. This album hasn't an highlight, it's just stale, and this is why the album isn't good. This album should have at least one good song that hasn't",1,2,"Jun  6, 2016"
4,"This is the Gregory Porter work less enjoyable, he can do a lot better, tracks like 'In Heaven' or '
Don't Lose Your Steam' are just lazy and bad    .",0,1,"Jun  6, 2016"
2,"This isn't real jazz, this man should take a new style of music, he has a beautiful voice that could be perfect on an R&B album, this type of music isn't clearly his style, this album proofs it",0,2,"Jun  7, 2016"
10,"where bossa nova is shown even in the more calmer songs. The disc maybe won't fascinate by it's quality but here can be found also some distinctive, subdued songs such as 'Streets Bloom', acoustic and stirring 'Palha' or a little exuberant 'Asfalto e Sal'.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
8,"Apesar de uma carreira relativamente longa com cinco lbuns no currculo, Esperanza Spalding ainda  uma desconhecida para uma parte do grande pblico. No uma desconhecida totalmente, pois a cantora ainda pode ser lembrada por ter vencido o Grammy de New Artist na premiao de 2011, fazendo dela a primeira artista de jazz a realizar tal feito. Todavia, o fato mais marcante  que ela venceu sobre um ento jovenzinho Justin Bieber, gerando uma onda de 'protestos' das suas fs que alteraram a pgina dela no Wikipdia com comentrios racistas. Depois de cinco anos do ocorrido e mais trs vitrias no Grammy, Esperanza lana o seu quinto lbum e prova que a sua premiao foi realmente para a pessoa certa.
Emily's D+Evolution, porm, no  exatamente o lbum tradicional de uma artista de jazz que se pode esperar. A primeira coisa que  necessria saber sobre o trabalho  que quem assina a sua co-produo  nada mais que o lendrio produtor Tony Visconti, o homem que ajudou a construir quase toda a carreira de David Bowie. Ento, imagine que o lbum ir ser qualquer coisa, menos tradicional. Alm disso, Esperanza Spalding  uma artista singular: baixista e violoncelista que tem como grandes influncias nomes como, por exemplo, Madonna, Joni Mitchell e Milton Nascimento, alm de citar a msica brasileira como fonte de inspirao. Essa mistura inusitada ajuda a transformar Emily's D+Evolution em uma obra inacreditavelmente moderna, ousada, poderosa e carismtica.
Ao lado de Tony, a artista constru uma viagem sinuosa em uma fuso de jazz, jazz contemporneo, R&B contemporneo, art rock e funk salpicados por toques de bossa nova, rock e jazz improvisation. Nas mos de outros menos talentosos essa combinao de tantos elementos poderia acabar em uma coliso de sons de propores picas. No em Emily's D+Evolution: toda a estranheza  refinada por uma delicadeza tocante, toda escolha sonora  feita de maneira graciosa e cada nuance  adicionada como se fosse mel para adoar o mais amargo dos cafs. A jornada que a artista nos leva poderia ser acidentada e cheios de buracos, mas a sua destreza em navegar por tantos terrenos acidentados  o grande trunfo para a experincia magnifica que  ouvir as doze faixas do lbum. Outro grande trunfo  a qualidade tcnica das instrumentalizaes feitas para as msicas, no apenas devido ao talento da artista em tocar vrios instrumentos para o lbum, mas, tambm, a excelente a banda que a cerca. Apesar disso, Emily's D+Evolution no  exatamente uma passeio no parque e no deve ser apreciado por muitos devido a sua ousada sonoridade e complicadas composies. Escrevendo quase sozinha quase todas as letras do lbum, Esperanza  uma compositora virtuosa que parece primar pela inteligncia e construo potica dos seus trabalhos. Mesmo com uma qualidade indiscutvel, mas que tem um nvel de dificuldade de compreenso bastante alto. Isso dificulta uma maior empatia pelas canes de primeira vez, levando algum tempo para isso acontecer. Entretanto, no h como no se apaixonar pela doce voz de Esperanza e as suas inspiradas performances durante todo o lbum que mostram uma versatilidade gigantesca, mostrando influncias de cantores de jazz, R&B, bossa nova e at mesmo de musicais da Broadway. Emily's D+Evolution  trabalho memorvel por inteiro, mas que tem em algumas faixas momentos geniais: Unconditional Love, Judas, Earth to Heaven e Ebony and Ivy. Em um ano to interessante como o de 2016 no mundo da msica, 'descobrir' Esperanza Spalding  um dos momentos mais surpreendentes e gratificantes at agora. O que esperar para o segundo semestre?",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"amo demais, ta maravilhoso socorro a rainha voltou pra levar os grammys alheios chupem haters. no havera justin bieber e drake pra contar historia em 2017",0,0,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"amo demais, ta maravilhoso socorro a rainha voltou pra levar os grammys alheios chupem haters. no havera justin bieber e drake pra contar historia em 2017",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"This album is the best Gilmour's solo. That record here, remains some beautiful stuff and spirit of the gold years of Pink Floyd. The first three songs are so good and both are like some Roger Waters's things of his solo career, especially 'Faces of Stone'. Whatever, now the thing what we have to do, is wait for his world tour.",2,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"A brilliant solo album from one of my all time favorite musical artists '(Sir) David Gilmour'. 'Rattle That Lock' delivers a mix of the Progressive Rock that Gilmour is best known for and blends in styles of Jazz Rock, Art Rock, & many more orchestral pieces then on other works. From the very beginning to the end all I could do was sit back and feel at peace as each song touched me in their own special way. The lyrics were so meaningful and expertly written, making it a difficult, but rewarding job to find the true meaning of them. The only thing that makes this record just left of a masterpiece is the mixed feeling I have towards the song 'Today'. In my eyes, if this were to be his final album, I wouldn't be the least bit upset about it because it was truly a gift to us all. Thank you for all the years of music you have given us David Gilmour~!
Favorite song: A Boat Lies Waiting",2,2,"Sep 19, 2015"
6,"I disagree with the reviewer who gave this album a ten calling it 'the best.' If you haven't heard his first, and by far better, solo album, please do. It is actually a great record made in the mid seventies, I believe after, Wish You Were Here. There are a number of tracks on that album which are far superior both production wise and arrangement wise. This album is a little hacky, much like the Division Bell era Pink Floyd. Now if thats your thing, THATS COOL, but alas, for me it's not. I won't go into too many reasons why this album is lacking, but here are some (possibly TL;DR I know):
-- His guitar work is trite and overly compressed. He still uses a strat mostly, but it's so processed that it sounds like an 80's digital version of a guitar. For comparison, go listen to Doyle Bramhall play David's parts for Roger Water's solo tours, it's like night and day.
-- The backup singers are egregious church lady shells.
-- The track order is all over the place with no pacing at all.
-- The album art looks like a picture taken on Instagram with some script font over it and a random selection of words used as it's title-- why are there birds flying from a cage? What cage are you in David Gilmour?
-- The lyrical vapidity is ever present from the first track on. Now I know, some of you will quibble if you are a Division Bell era fan (which I am not), so I get it.
Long comment short, David Gilmour should go back to collaborating with interesting singers like he did with Waters. One of the best back to back albums from an aging rock star are those Robert Plant albums he did with Allison Krauss. They're killer and show what a real second or third act can look like.",1,1,"Sep 21, 2015"
3,"A mediocre album that I quit playing about 3 or 4 songs into it. Not even close to his debut album and thoroughly unoriginal . Bland throughout the songs I listened too ,little dynamics or passion.",0,3,"Sep 21, 2015"
6,"I liked four of the tracks on Rattle That Lock enough to listen to them again, 5AM, A Boat Lies Waiting, Faces of Stone and And Then Its not terribly positive news that I only really like four of the ten songs, worse news that two of those four are instrumentals, and worst of all, the vocal tracks that I really like all feel like they were faded out just as they were really getting somewhere. For an album less than 52 minutes in total length, that is a bit baffling. (I should mention that the Deluxe Edition of the album includes some remixes that add nothing to the experience, except in the case of the title track and first single, Rattle That Lock. The Youth Mix is an extended version that runs nearly nine minutes and it does have much more energy and interesting segments than the torpid album version from which it sprang.)
As far as its place in the pantheon of Gilmour solo albums, this fourth effort fits right in, with a couple of gems and some filler and some so-so singles. The release of the Rattle That Lock single had me concerned that that was as good as this album would get, and no, thats not the case. There are better tracks on the album than that. But theres nothing that either stakes out an intriguing new direction for Gilmour or really comes close to reaching the heights of his best, older efforts. If I thought that was going to happen, and I didnt, Id be disappointed. As it is, Im delighted there are some good songs to be found here, even if they are somewhat hobbled by odd production choices. Fading out early is not an option in live performance, of course, and thats probably where these songs will shine brightest, on the current tour in support of this album. On the evidence to be found on this album, I would jump at the chance to see him play these songs live.",0,3,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"This is a brilliant album by Gilmour. You can hear a lot of elements from Pink Floyd, but Gilmour has done his personal twist to make it supreme. Don't get me wrong, it's not as good as Pink Floyd itself, but it really brings good elements from the progressive rock, and overall it's a really good album from one of my favorite artists, The one and only David Gilmour.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2015"
6,"Not a great album, but a collection of good songs poorly stuck together.
There is no underlying theme apart from that essentially British melancholy of the upper middle age upper middle class, no architectural strength except for the trademark Gilmour guitar-filled musical soundscapes.
The first two songs give you an idea where this album could have been developed by Roger Waters, but this is no Pink Floyd. Which is a pity. Surely it could become a timeless meditation on Paradise Lost, but has become rather forgettable little piece with two or three truly great tunes and a couple of good lines of poetry that go  nowhere and live little impression.
Three and a half tracks (basically, beginning and the end) could be played together as a sort of mini-album, which becomes a lots more powerful, while the rest of the songs could easily belong to any other David Gilmour album, most likely 'On an Island'. For those who desperately want to know what music-loving aging multimillionaire feels in that isolated existential bubble of his. Fascinating stuff it is not.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
9,"A great mix from a great artist, as expected. Frahm can mix an uplifting beat-driven track with a haunting piano peace and still do it really well. One of my favourite Late Night Tales so far.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
8,"Heliocentrics.
'From The Deep'         !!!
Helio       Malcolm Catto.  groove            jazz/funk/hip-hop.
'From The Deep'     jazz        electronica  hip-hop  funk       .
jazz.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"Amazing Album!
Macy Gray is just the cherry on the top. Galactic makes excellent modern funk that moves my soul.
My favourite tracks: 3. 'Into the Deep', 6. 'Right On' and 9. 'Does It Really Make a Difference'.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
6,"There are a couple of excellent tracks towards the end (I put a spell on you, Wild is the wind & African Mailman), but besides that I found the album to be pretty underwhelming.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2016"
9,"Currency of Man is, in my opinion, amongst the best albums this year! A different sound for her but it works - songs are a bit colder but her voice remains as warm as ever!",2,2,"Jun  5, 2015"
9,"Currency of Man is an exceptional album. All of the songs in it are extremely powerful and all of the messages seems true to the bone.
Beautiful sounds rise and fall through the passing of the 10 songs: warm guitars, fat basses, on-the-spot-drums and many loads of amazingly astonishing orchestras guide us through the journey of these 10 stories. Upon all of those, Melody's voice is extremely pleasant to hear, and it just sums up quite positively with the rest of the instruments.
Very well recorded and mixed, it's a great example of the positive points technology improvement can bring to music making. Also, a great example of the bright side of the influence of mainstream-'pop' music in other genres, in the 20th century. It all sums up to a very Groovy Jazz Pop album, with rich moments of RnB, Rock and even Classical passages (due to the magnificent and preeminent use of orchestras in the songs).",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
10,"Kamasi Washington is a true musical genius. At first i was scared of the 3 hour run time but once i got into it that went away and all i wanted was more! I defiantly recommend this album to anyone. Its a masterpiece!",1,1,"Aug 19, 2015"
10,"An absolute stunning, soulful and honest bravura masterpiece. I was completely scared of its beauty in the first listening. It's a gripping piece of work. Kudos, Kamasi.",4,5,"Jul 14, 2015"
9,"Fantastic modern jazz album. 3 discs totaling 3 hours. It's just insane Kamasi released soooo much music here and he keeps the quality consistently high throughout the entire 3 hours. Anyone looking to check out some modern jazz, this is a great place to look. Kamasi played on some tracks on Kendrick Lamar's To Pimp A Butterfly and the 2 of them along with Flying Lotus, and bassist bassist Thundercat have all been working together quite a bit lately. It's pretty exciting to see",3,4,"Jun 28, 2015"
6,"An ambitious three hour Jazz album by debut bandleader Kamasi Washington, The Epic doesn't so much revitalize modern Jazz as it does the popular conception of Jazz. Limited in terms of its reliance upon cliches from Jazz's past (Spiritual Jazz and Funk in particular) as well as the often disappointing soloists (most notably with the horrible trombone player), at best you can call it a record to hopefully reacquaint inexperienced listeners as on this page with Jazz. At worst, it's a very amateur effort with two more discs than it needs.",0,1,"Dec 27, 2015"
7,"For someone with little to no experience with classical or neo-classical music, Never Were the Way She Was strikes me as an interesting record. The chilling, surreal soundscapes these two musicians create with a violin, a saxophone, and occasional vocals are unique and unexpectedly addictive. I found this to be a very interesting album, particularly on an instrumental level.",2,2,"May 14, 2015"
9,"Might as well be the most interesting album of the year. Colin Stetson's clean technique and solid performance, alongside Sarah Neufeld's exotic violin experiments are just magnificent and absorbing. It's a sonically adventurous record, without looking for too much attention. Just enough to keep the listener alert.",1,1,"Jul 26, 2015"
9,"It's a delight to return to Nellie McKay, after having personally lost sight of her since her national debut Get Away from Me, over which I've been scratching my head since I first heard it - only having rented it once from the library years ago - . Nellie commences here, nicely I might add, with some murky yet alluring 60s songs that are interesting if for nothing more than their wrenching honesty and compelling political postures. From Itchycoo Park to Martha Lorraine, Nellie opens up the field to some more accessible but equally trenchant pop tunes from that turbulent decade. Her Beatles homage 'If I Fell' is a glorious production, and is most likely the most successful Beatles cover I've ever had the pleasure, and honor, to hear. She nicely covers a product of Paul Simon's early genius, and after another nostalgic gem once seemingly lost to time, takes on Frank Zappa with the zest and aplomb one would expect from 'that girl!' who debuted with her raucous Get Away from Me. She concludes this lovely tender effort with the haunting Wooden Ships, which has probably gotten rave reviews from those iconic sea navigators The Decemberists. Whoa, Nellie? No. Keep going, Nellie.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
1,"Please do your research prior to paying money to see this performer. We recently saw Nellie McKay at a concert do her apparent normal litany of protest songs. She seems to be doing a cheap imitation of Bob Dylan with some vulgar and down right offensive shock lyrics. Her songs included covers of anti war Vietnam songs with updated lyrics like '...next stop is in Iran..' (not Vietnam) and references to'...killing towel heads...' and the most disgusting line taunting mothers to '...be the first mom on your block to have your son sent home in a box...' and lecturing the audience about the slave owning oligarchy rigging the system to oppress minorities and women. This pathetic immature self righteous creep doesn't have any idea what stands between evil and innocent, weak people like her unable to protect themselves. She's quite an accomplished pianist when not singing. JUST SHUT UP AND PLAY!",0,0,"Aug  2, 2016"
6,"Regular LP, nothing extraordinary. Cortar Todo is my fav track of the album. But I think they haven't explored what could make their music special. 6/10 for me. Zu should make it better.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2015"
4,"Theres no denying that Krall has a wonderfully velvety croon, but this collection of pop covers plods at a snails pace and only negatively detracts from the original recordings.
Producer David Foster has to take some responsibility, denying the singer more vigorous arrangements, and vitally, a decent rhythm section to ramp up the pace. Its an album that probably sounds more interesting played at 45 rpm.",0,0,"May 28, 2015"
8,"An explosion of creativity that collide in your brain, pass trough your body and vibrate in your foots.  Epileptic jazz at it's best with a lot of energy to share!",0,0,"Aug 24, 2015"
9,"Tremendous album. Clean and crisp. If you're not familiar with Phish, give this album a listen. I must admit I was only familiar with their live work and listened only now and then. My favorite album of the summer!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2014"
7,"Phish was my first band. I grew up with them and they are essentially the band that got me into music. And despite a bit of track disparity present on this record, I am happy to report they have recovered from a sag in album quality that has lingered since their breakup in the early 2000's. These songs are energetic and fun, probably even more so in their famed live setting. Not the best record for studio Phish (that would either be A Picture of Nectar or Farmhouse), but an entertaining listen all the same.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2014"
9,"Since the first release, Badbadnotgood were pushing boundaries. Taking songs from prominent hip hop figures, improvising jazz tunes to them, and occasionally dropping a few originals. With III, they not only craft one original track after another, but it's almost impeccable how much better their original material is over their covers. Don't confuse my statement, their previous two records were great on their own stance, but III has opened up new doors for Badbadnotgood, doors not even the band has experienced until now. Added electronics and slightly more guitar use is just what the band needed. Their improvisational skills are unmatched.
All In All, III is a fantastic jazz album, one that should not be overlooked. Three consecutive, brilliant records in a row. A-",0,0,"May 25, 2014"
7,"It will be hard to compare their third full-length with their previous two, as those were mostly instrumental jazz/hip-hop covers, while this 9 tracks album is filled with 100% original material. It isn't that bad. They boost their creativity here but their tight playing has dimmed down a bit.
MUST HEAR TRACKS:
KALEIDISCOPE
SINCE YOU ASKED KINDLY
CS60
AVOID TRACKS:
CAN'T LEAVE THE NIGHT",0,0,"May 24, 2014"
8,"BADBADNOTGOOD's third album doesn't quite detach itself from the previous two, despite it featuring original songs with quite a simpler style. The pointy drum patterns downsize to more affordable rhythms, while still maintaining a strong sense of originality. Genres vary from pure jazz ('Differently Still') to nu-disco ('Since You Asked Kindly').
In the end, it's an awesome record, full of quality in performance, artistry and production.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2014"
10,"Best album of the year so far. Better than St.Vincent's and War on Drugs even. And even better for an BBNG fan... it's all new material composed by the 3 of them. No more covers. Just BADBADNOTGOOD.",0,0,"May 15, 2014"
9,"A Beautiful, thoughtfull, provocative and sincronized peace of art. It sleezes to every kind of beat and sound bringing us to an imaginative narrative with dialogs and a virtuosly ending. The best jazz album out this year.",1,1,"Apr  1, 2014"
10,"I love this album.  It has moments that remind of the Keith Jarrett bands with Dewey Redman on sax.  Pat is  wonderful and the compositions have the high quality that we now expect of him.  The drumming is breathtaking.  But, the show is stolen by Chris Potter, who is brilliant.   This is music that rewards close listening, and that is what jazz is about.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
6,"Dark, spacious, moody and semi ambient jazz music here. Has some real appeal and style. Great uses of saxophone, piano, drums and vibrophone. The slow pacing and moods or textures are great. But it really is a bit of let down. Really only the vibe and tone gets me here. Not bland, but not very interesting, but decent overall.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
8,"I had been anticipating Black Radio 2 since last year listening to the first record and I am so excited that it was released so promptly. I have to mention the line up of the features Anthony Hamilton, Common, Brandy, Jill Scott, Emeli Sande, Marsha Ambrosious and so much more! This features made every track so special and important not to miss. It felt like a party and in each room there's something going on. Looking forward to Black Radio 3!",0,0,"Nov 16, 2013"
10,"im danny banks I worked with theo parrish a couple years back contact me on facebook danny banks 3138282020  we made the song going thru changes..mtrying to get my own music out here but just took the song and ran with t",0,0,"Oct  3, 2013"
9,"The Vigil, Chick Corea's recent collaboration with guitarist Charles Altura, bassist Hadrien Feraud, drummer Marcus Gilmore, and saxophonist Tim Garland, is a fitting tribute to Corea's diverse accomplishments in fusion over the last 45 years. It includes both electric and acoustic sounds as well as eclectic styles and genres that can often be individually likened to one of Corea's multiple previous endeavors; and each style is expertly performed. The composition is engaging, the musicianship daunting, and the recording (which is one gripe I often have with Corea's older productions) is flawless.
Opening and closing the album are three heavier, faster electronic pieces. The opener 'Galaxy 32 Star 4', with its layers of Latin percussion and prominent melodic bass riffs, kicks the album off in a style similar to Return to Forever's 1973 album Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy, then leaves space for all the members to solo. A listener can immediately feel the synergy in Corea's new group as they trade solos. It finishes with more of the aggressive unison melodies that characterized Corea's early-70s fusion work. 'Portals to Forever' includes meter-bending riffs and extended solos that are reminiscent of Romantic Warrior. It also addresses a common criticism of that album -- that the extended jams are few and far between, and new riffs fly by before they can be fully explored -- by expertly combining the two. 'Legacy' wraps up the album, starting with sparse solo riffs and settling into another complex unison melody before giving Corea plenty of room to solo in his characteristic pitch-bending style. Gilmore's constant 16th-note grooves keep everything moving. After another solo from Garland brings the song to climax, everyone quiets down to end the album on a unexpectedly abrupt, anticlimactic note.
In between are several more traditional acoustic tracks that highlight Latin and swing styles. A grand piano solo that adopts a 6/8 groove introduces 'Planet Chia', the album's first acoustic track. Altura (on acoustic guitar) and Garland (on soprano sax) introduce a bold phrygian melody and trade solos over steady percussion, giving the tune an fierce Latin feel comparable to Corea's work on My Spanish Heart. 'Outside of Space' brings in vocalist Gayle Moran Corea to mimic Flora Purim's work on early Return to Forever records such as Light as a Feather. Corea interestingly brings the same wandering, vaguely detuned tone that I would consider a shortcoming of Purim's in those days. It feels unnecessary when compared to Garland's smooth, vocal clarinet solo that follows it, but the track as a whole fittingly addresses the sounds of that era. 'Royalty' opens with a piano solo that becomes a light, swinging waltz. Garland plays the part with a simple but evocative solo. Return to Forever-alumnus Stanley Clarke and saxophonist Ravi Coltrane join in on 'Pledge for Peace', which begins with a flowing, grooveless jam and settles into a steady swing. The whole thing seems to take cues from A Love Supreme; not surprising considering Coltrane's participation. Coltrane himself channels the chaotic style of his father's work near the end of the track with Corea aggressively pounding out chord after chord behind him. A common flaw of these acoustic tracks is that electric guitar or bass tones interrupt the warm, personal mood being generated by the rest of the musicians; most would also benefit from more limited instrumentation for that reason.
Overall, Corea's new group effectively shows that they're capable of excelling in quite diverse styles, and that these styles previously pioneered by Corea can still be made fresh in the modern context. A few odd choices don't hold the album back from being one of Corea's most impressive and exciting works in recent years.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2015"
7,"The celebrated film director of visual spectacles such as Inland Empire, Eraserhead, and the TV show Twin Peaks comes out with yet another mediocre album. The sophomore album The Big Dream shares a very similar feeling as Crazy Clown Time did in 2011. With the nasally, robotic voice of David Lynch, backed by echoing guitars, you know you're in a very specific place.
Every song mimics the other, making sure there is enough echoing, rattling, and reverberation. David Lynch is no stranger to music. With many collaborations with artists over the years and the input in most of his own films, Lynch  has a good idea of what he's doing. It's just a shame that he uses the same techniques over and over again for 12 songs. The hypnotic opener 'The Big Dream' captivates the audience and pulls them into a Lynch-ian world. As soon as 'Star Dream Girl' kicks in, the audience is quickly turned full circle in a different direction. A faster paced, yet still bluesy sounding song is the one outsider of the album. The rest of the album really flowed together as one song for me. There was no song that jumped out at me and made me absolutely love it. This is the type of music that is perfect for a movie.
It's background music. It has a very progressive and repetitive sound. Although it taps into a generally unknown side of music, it does not impress as much as it could. The album lacks a certain appeal. What could have been a very strong, diverse album has become 12 songs of repetitive film music. Don't get me wrong, I adore David Lynch. His films are fantastic. And yes, he has some phenomenal songs in the past  like 'Ghost of Love', 'Good Day Today', and 'So Glad', but this second album has nothing special.",2,2,"Jul 17, 2013"
2,"David Lynch does music? Oh, that got me pretty excited. Then I heard him singing. Sorry, couldn't really pay much attention to the music itself with the sound that I can't even call a voice torturing my ears.",0,1,"Aug  8, 2013"
9,"From the first listen, I love the boisterous energy and musical influences spanning the globe with latin jazz, punk rock, and African music with lyrics whose languages are just as wordly. The vocalist reminds me of Serj Tankian from System of a Down, but I imagine him singing with a brash swagger, ready to party. Some might say that they'd like the album to be longer, but to me, it's swift length brings to mind many punk records and the energy to match. The album is an explosion of a musical performances that will thrill you, just don't forget to put it on repeat.",1,1,"Jun 30, 2013"
8,"Not in a long time has a band such as this broken out their debut with such gusto, confidence and physique. Like a David Lynch film, it's obscure, but colorful and entertaining.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2013"
7,"I am a little new to jazz but the sound was very nice, and the songs with lyrics were very cool. Only one problem: no addicting songs. No suck in your head songs.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2013"
10,"An eclectic, soulful medley provoking a full array of emotions. Composer Adam Waldmann says his compositions are about one's different relationships - with a family member, with a friend, with a loved one, with nature. First time lyricist Rupert Friend says the common thread is perhaps more about Adam's gratitude for the people in his life - feelings that Friend stunningly casts in haunting metaphors.
And yet, such a palette of nuances appear underneath these common themes - maybe as diverse as the people listening and as unique as the personal experiences they relate to these songs. For me - there is quiet determination and subdued victory in Home to You - the overwhelming calmness one feels after having discovered the person they want to spend their life with; there is Ell's Bells - with the tender, pure joy of welcoming new birth in the family - a little person whom you instantly love and yet who you have yet to build a lifetime of connections with.
Once the circle has closed with me as audience at the other end, I clearly see that the common theme of this album for me is the deep sense of connecting to people and feeling that you become a part of their imagination, of their inner worlds - through their melodies, images and voices. It is a kind of connection that makes time, space and social divides seem so petty and irrelevant. That, to me, is a true definition of art that truly reaches your soul.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2015"
6,"From Charlie Parker to Duke Ellington to Wynton and Branford Marsalis, from Stan Getz and George Benson to Michel Petrucciani, even Sonny Rollins  so many jazz soloists of genius or near-genius seem to put together an obligatory album in which they are accompanied by a kind of violin soup.  And this is Redman's.  It's in many ways sublime: Redman is one of the most accomplished and most American of jazz artists; his inventiveness seems unlimited.  Not only that but his many albums demonstrate a technique that makes it possible to hear in his melodic lines the influence of so many great 20th century artists from the 60s onwards but to hear them absorbed, reworked, re-examined in a way that is totally 21st century and totally progressive.  Seeing him in concert is a complete joy.  He plays standards and originals and Beatles tunes with the same brilliance, the same panache, the same originality.
Thus he can never make a bad album.  But the lush backing arrangements on this one (over which he plays some completely peerless lines, for example on Billy Strayhorn's beautiful sequence, Lush Life) are reminiscent of the overblown arrangements on 50s versions such as that of Nat King Cole or the Buddy RIch Big Band.  But did he really need to join the easy-listening brigade?  Possibly.  Royalties from  'background music'  (I never understood that phrase: what is music? Wallpaper?) in Wal-Mart, K-Mart, and Starbucks?  Certainly.  Brilliant?  Definitely.  Timely and tasteful?  Hmmm, not sure.",0,0,"May 15, 2013"
8,"Please don't listen to the brony below, he's sexually attracted to horses and he has friggin' spoiler tags on a musical album. Seriously what the  dude?
Album's pretty dope. Doesn't have quite the eerieness or the stick-in-the-back-of-your-head vocal work of Vol. 2 but instrumentally Stetson is ****ing belting it. The title track is a particular standout, cycles of freestyling chaos that gradually give way to a clanking march of clockwork titans.",2,2,"Jul  8, 2013"
7,"DO NOT attempt to listen to all three volumes back-to-back in one sitting. I did and now I can't find my way back to reality. Gotta go, the metal bears know where I am.",1,4,"May 16, 2013"
7,"Think of Tom Waits in mutant stomp mode and the rock/pop sensibilities of The Brian Jonestown Massacre in combination.  Sound messy?  Well, in theory it ought to be and 'Your Turn' does on occasion sound it  only in a good way though  whilst at others it has a surprisingly clean and direct approach.  By no means is this a pop album and it can't be said it's outstandingly original, but it is a satisfying and enjoyable chunk of noise.  Behind its ramshackle aspect a lot of thought and skill has gone into its creation so, if you're in a rollicking mood, this is a good choice of record to spin.  I'd have given it 7 out of 10 if I could have.",2,3,"Jun  6, 2013"
7,"FIDLAR is everything you would expect from their early singles, just a big bundle of nihilistic fun. Don't take it too seriously and you will be rewarded. Garage punk at it's most enjoyable but perhaps not it's most consistent.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2013"
8,"great album that i enjoy listening from the start to the end and the last song just closes it greatly (even though is quite short). is nice to hear bands that stands out from others and HO does that and blowing your ears if you let them.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2014"
9,"Firstly, I would urge people not to pay much attention to the 'jazz' moniker, there is nothing in the slightest noodly about Archipelago.
A review? Well, I could do no better (or even half as well as) Okayplayer's. My favourite track Reminder, exuberant, dark and with a beat you'll want to hear again and again.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
1,"After seeing Diana Krall at Radio City Music Hall and listening to her music at my wedding, I waited for her concert in Miami April 2, 2013 with great anticipation. The concert was very disappointing. The cartoonish silent movie background, the out-of-place fiddler, the excessive number of band numbers, seemed all part of a design to mask her own unremarkable performance. Her singing was pathetic, and her piano playing was lacking. The song selection assured that her voice would not be heard, and the Neil Young and Bob Dylan songs (the two worst male singers in recent times) were certainly challenging for her (insert sarcasm). Before the marriage to a mediocre 1980's pop/rock artist, Diana Krall's stage presence and artistic performance were magnificent, however, his influence has overshadowed her artistic aura and she has become less an artist than what she once was. The concert was not a Diana Krall performance, it was a contrived show that made a mockery of her and those who went to see it.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2013"
8,"While I'm not usually a fan of long albums, this album is so grand in scope that it certainly makes an exception. Christian uses the trumpet like no one else, highlighting the breathy tones with every note.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2015"
9,"It's like a fresh air record, a bit of sad however... Marvelous combination of strings which remind you of an academic classical music existance and standard jazzy aproaches.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2012"
10,"Not a weak track on the CD.  This is great rhythm section, hugely energetic.  Pat and Chris Potter play wonderfully together and the soloing is sometimes breathtaking.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
0,"bu ne mk hereks yksek vermi ykseklik bie var sanki burda mal msnz aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",2,3,"May 22, 2016"
10,"Beautifully crafted album. A record worth buying......................................................................................................",4,10,"Nov 15, 2012"
5,"absolute cuck reviewers. .............................................................................................................................",4,12,"Mar 24, 2016"
0,"how could this be the best album of 2012 when The king of limbs happened the same year and easily beats this album in quality and lasting appeal.........",1,4,"Jun 19, 2016"
10,"The best album I've ever seen ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.",0,6,"Sep  7, 2015"
4,"This album is called Wild Dog, but it's anything but wild. Most songs are built off of painfully simple piano rhythms and the music rarely coalesces into anything interesting. The lyrics can be good at times, but at other times they are just too unimaginative. I do appreciate the atmosphere and feeling of the album, however, and there are a couple of good tracks including my favorite, the first track, Imagine.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2014"
10,"Seriously this is my first Esperanza Spalding album that i have ever listen to. I had this album on repeat all day at work. Seriously one of the BEST albums this year!!!!",1,1,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Radio Music Society, the follow album to Espreanza's Chamber Music Society is a wonderful jazz album that is must-buy. The first track 'Radio Song' is a catchy Jazz/Bossa Nova song which makes you want to sing-along and have a good time. Now the album starts to slow down with 'Cinnamon Tree', a spicy and delightful tune. 'Crowned and Kissed' starts out with a few harmonies by Spalding and a simple trumpet intro, which later unfolds into a beautiful ballad-like song. 'Land of the Free' is a short calm song (1:54 minutes) featuring a jazz organ, which sort of acts as an intermission in the album after the first 3 songs. The album's first single 'Black Gold' is next, featuring Algebra Basset. This song has a Jazz/Pop vibe to it, a crossover of both genres. Next we have a beautiful cover of Michael Jackson's 'I Can't Help It', turned into a Jazzy version of the original, a relaxing/beautiful song to listen to by the beach. 'Hold On Me' starts with a movie-like/mysterious trumpet intro, and blossoms into a smooth/saucy tune. Followed by a soft song with a vague sound around it, funnily the name of this song is 'Vague Suspicions'. 'Endangered Species' (the longest song of the album) featuring Lalah Hathaway is a funny mischievous tune, with intriguingly some synth patters to compliment the tune. 'Let Her' tells the tale (narrated in the 2nd person) of someone who partner has walked out on them, later in the chorus Spalding 'She's gone, bye bye so long, Let her, go!'. 'City Of Roses' is quite like a bed of roses, soft, calm and beautiful. Some songs are meant to make people happy and bring smiles to their faces, this is one of those tunes 'Smile Like That'. As a bonus on iTunes you can get another track 'Jazz Ain't Nothing But Soul'. Featuring Joe Lovano this track is very classic Jazz song, that should be played in coffee house. Overall Radio Music Society is wonderful Jazz album with consistent tracks that you would want to listen to in the car, at, the beach, in a coffee house or even your living to relax. From a tranquil and soft tune, to a jazzy and soulful piece, Radio Music Society reflects many different aspects of the Jazz genre. Splading's vocals are mesmerizing and meaningful. This is album is also not completely based on love songs, like most contemporary album of today. By far on of the best album's of 2012, and one of the best Jazz albums of the decade.",1,1,"Apr 14, 2012"
7,"Maybe not the most ground-breaking album you'll ever hear, but a solid album that is well worth a listen, proving the adage that with jazz a lot of times less is more.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2012"
8,"Although the new album from Vijay Iyer Trio - 'Accelerando' largely is an avant-garde, compositions present very specific instrumental parts thank to whom art pieces are easily memorable. Worth mentioning are at least conductive parts of  drums in 'The Star Of A Story' or heavily accented bridges in the 'Mmmhmm'.",2,2,"Apr  3, 2012"
7,"If on the album supporting artists are : Bilal, Erykah Badu, Lalah Hathaway, Shafiq Husayn, Ledisi, Lupe Fiasco, King, Chrisette Michele or Mos Def - it is bound hard to call it unsuccessful. Especially if it comes from the hands of Robert Glasper and it's a mix of various styles: from hip-hop and jazz in 'Lift Off Mic Check', to the soulful ballad with a strong beat in the background  'Afro Blue'. LP however continues to be a jazz album, albeit rather experimental - but worth the money.",1,1,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"this album is my bread n butter.  I've been listening to hip hop, soul, jazz, rock, alternative, everything, and this album just amalgamates it beautifully.  So Robert Glasper, kudos man, and keep on your path, keep carving it, because it's gonna be traversed by a lot of people in the future man.  You are a pathfinder.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2012"
6,"The albums as a whole is fairly impressive, but the problem for me is that no tracks stand out at all. The production is obviously praiseworthy, but I feel like there's no climax to it. And the 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' cover is such an anticlimactic closing.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
8,"Matthew Bourne's debut jazz album is not meant for wide audiences. Most of the material was recorded exclusively by a piano,  few parties uses strings as background  ('Juliet', 'Here').  Piano parts present different levels: from the experimental in the form - 'The Mystic' by minimalist 'Infinitude' and 'The Greenkeeper', heavy 'Within' through the terrifying 'Abrade'. With this album, you need to sit down and try to understand it. Otherwise you won't.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2012"
7,"Music presented by the Galactic band on the 'Carnivale Electricos' album is hard to pigeonhole in any particular style. We can find here both the experimental connection of New Orleans music in the 'Attack', hip-hop inserts in the 'Move Fast', funk hits like 'Hey Na Na' and 'Out In The Street' and the bluesy-rock 'Voyage Ton Flag' . Each of the pieces is exuberant and ear-catching.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2012"
7,"I kinda enjoyed this album. Most of the songs are listenable and it's a nice start for The Internet. There are points where Syd's voice was off and on the track Visions, Coco (who was featured) was out singing Syd by a lot. It's a nice start and hopefully they can improve from here.",1,1,"Jan 31, 2012"
5,"Sid tha Kid and Matt Martians come out of the Odd Future work with this new innovative ideas, but the problem comes from the first listen because the production is too confusing and not very convincing. But not all garbage, 'Cocaine' and 'Fastlane' are good tracks to remember. Perhaps the result is not the best but can improve.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2012"
4,"The Internet put out a decent debut some songs were listening to but others weren't. Syd's singing is ok she has some goods songs like Cocaine, Fastlane & she knows",0,0,"Feb 26, 2012"
10,"Without doubt my favourite album this year. With a big electronic aspect now this is a bit of a departure from previous albums, however is far more accessible for those who aren't big Jazz fans whilst still retaining a lot of what made them popular to start with.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2012"
8,"This is a fabulously grand album that manages to make retain the notion that jazz is a convincing and unique work of (american) art post countless **** rubbish jazz bar knock offs since the late 70s basically. Also it whacks in feelings of isolation and handles the seemingly impossible job of updating honest to goodness, artistically pure jazz for the 21st century with  a slight electronic vibe throughout the album. With few lyrics Portico let the musicianship speak for itself. Which it does without a moments hesitation.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2012"
10,"this album is okay because lady gaga and amy winehouse is on this album that why i liked this album. this is good to buy and hear every single in the radio and home with your family",1,2,"Oct  1, 2011"
8,"This lady is a true artist and is a real breath of fresh air at the moment.  Great tunes and a great voice. Getting loads of airplay in Ireland, a nice change from the usual daytime radio stuff. The style is blues/rockabilly with a bite. A very well structured record where every track has a place on the album, no filler here in my opinion. If the Yeah Yeah Yeah's went to Nashville for a year and turned off their distortion pedals they'd end up sounding a bit like this I reckon. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2012"
10,"This is one of the most challenging, yet listenable, jazz albums in ages.  Imagine:  An album performed by the top female jazz artists in the world, without the, 'Hey, they're all girls!' subject coming up once.  Ms. Carrington's colleagues all perform with sanguine, superior fervor.  You can easily forget that it's all distaff, but you can't forget the music.  So what if it's not straight-ahead bop or swing?  It moves your body and your soul.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2011"
9,"In one word an impressive music album with trends to jazz, folk and soul. The Sleepwalking Society Album Shapes a colorful rhythmic spectrum starting from Bluesy vocals, to a wonderful lyrical sax (that specially can be heard on MOCKINGBIRD son). Moreover the album has a logical sequence, starts from an emphatic rhythm in very beginning of it, and finish by CHERRY and HUSH with completely different atmosphere. Also The German singer JOSA PEIT made a pure atmosphere throughout the album with her brilliant smooth voice.
Generally the album is a successful jazz-pop record while on some parts has the mood of sophisticated music. Strong concepts are tangible behind the album that starts from the name of SLEEPWALKING SOCIETY. On the other hand songs generally manage to feel long so can attract the audiences to spend more time on them.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2011"
10,"Simply put, this is genius. There is so much you can say. It deserves to be heard. Not only does it deserve to be heard, it lives and breathes. Jamie xx builds on the explosion of British dubstep by melding Gil Scott Heron's poetry with awkward alternative aesthetics that call on you to abandon your perception of music as functional for purpose. The truth is this album is worth much more than the $13 dollars it cost to buy your download, especially if you fully understand musical composition, production and engineering (or in fact, general artistry). Put simply this is high end art and some artists have been known to sell for $20 mil. 100/100",0,2,"Mar  9, 2011"
8,"This is a very complex album with a lot of depth. A little depressing at points, the album is consistently groovy, and the mix of Gil's spoken word and great production gives the album a jazzy, gritty, urban feel. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2011"
7,"Jamie xx's singles and remixes are catchy, quirky and intelligent, and even genius at times, but after the first listen can become sadly forgettable. However, some of Jamie xx's tracks are absolute headphone gems, and will most likely stay on your iPod for eternity.",0,0,"May  7, 2013"
9,"This review could have been written a year ago when I found this album. One person and one instrument really shouldn't be able to make the music that he does on 'From no part of me can I summon a voice.' It is really the most radiant and brightest thing I've ever heard in my 34 years on this planet.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2013"
9,"Kurt Elling is without peer as a jazz vocalist.  This CD is one of his best efforts.  His reworking of 'After the Love is Gone' is as moving a ballad as I have ever heard.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
10,"Purely genius! I love every songs in this album. Looks like Norah has returned to her Jazz root in this album and it suits her perfectly. What a surprise to hear Foo Fighters and Outkast here, their voices fit so well with Norah.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2010"
8,"If anyone ever doubted Norah's ability to transcend all genres, this album ends the argument.  Jones shows her skill to adapt to perform with anyone, in any style.  The album will contain an instant favorite for anyone that listens to it as it has something for everyone.  Personally, I enjoy the somewhat improv track with Q-Tip in which one can see Norah Jones apply her voice to a sort of R & B genre (I would say hip-hop, but that is found on the Talib Kweli track).  Jones creates an instant classic with Ray Charles on 'Here we go again'.  The album allows Norah to spread her wings and glide into territories usually untouched by someone of her prowess.  You have to hear the collaborations to understand...",0,0,"Dec  1, 2010"
8,"Didn't even know this was coming out till I went to get my morning latte at Starbucks. Great idea to put together a collection of her collaborations - it showcases just how versatile she is across genres and every track is solid. Hope she keeps pushing the jazz label and does what feels right for her.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2011"
8,"Check out our full review at Manik Music: http://www.manikmusic.net/reviews/nora-jones-little-broken-hearts/In 2002, Norah Jones released her debut album, Come Away With Me. It ended up selling a whopping 22 million copies, netting her several Grammys, and solidifying her as one of the emerging",0,0,"May  7, 2012"
8,"Excellent.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2010"
8,"I'm not professional musician or expert of it. However I'm sure that this album seems enough to satisfy for people who likes jazz because songs in this album perform their own rhythm by Jamie's band and his voice. I recommend this album to someone who listen jazz at first because it is not heavy or origin of jazz, so you can listen comfortably.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2015"
9,"This album should not be rated in a way by comparing it to Iggy's previous work. Because if you expect anything like he had done before you may get a bit confused, but after taking some time to really get into the concept and the sound of this album, you will only be awarded and discover a new, tender and brilliant side of Iggy Pop.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2009"
2,"Pure crap! Iggy's 'Metal Machince Music ' or 'Young Americans' Geti in an elevator and hang your self like Carridine would be more enjoyable. Will fill your collection only. Listen two it twice puke, and hope for the better.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2009"
10,"The COOLEST Iggy record since the Idiot and Lust for Life.The man is a force and an original voice of American music...even if its in French! I love Hal Cragins production,Nice to hear interesting music that provokes Iggys creative side.Rocks pretty well too.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2009"
9,"Eclectic, Glamour and so deeply Noir...I have the feeling to be in a boudoir.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2009"
9,"Simply stunning performance",0,0,"May  5, 2009"
10,"Stunning album by someone who is rapidly into an consummate artist.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2009"
9,"Just close your eyes and listen to the lyrics and melody's sweet vocals. If you love Jazz vocals this is a nice album to add to the collection, better yet catch her live you wont regret it.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2009"
8,"Being allergic to smooth jazz singers and the like I was pleasantly surprised that this album was not that. I read somewhere that she was influenced in part by Caetano Veloso - I'm glad that it comes across.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
10,"Soulful, encompassing, at times even spine tingling.  Strong words perhaps, but the more I listen the more the powerful vocals and melodies grip me.Standouts on this album include 'Lover Undercover' - grab your headphones, close your eyes and let the soaring chords, piano interludes and smoky vocals transport you.  'Our Love Is Easy' blends a strong contemporary jazz feel with just the right amount of classical and orchestral accoutrements.  'My One and  Only Thrill' blurs the lines even further with jazz and ballad notes with a full sixty-second orchestral interlude halfway through the track.Whether it's chill out Sunday afternoons, or evenings in front of the fire, add this to your playlist.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
10,"I don't give out 10s very easily, but this is simply one of the most joyous and listenable jazz recordings I have heard in many years. Fantastic nuance, gorgeous tone, delicious interplay and above all impeccable taste. Repeat listens just give more and more, and it doesn't get better than that. Toussaint has assembled an all-star cast, but it is his vision, his history and his gigantic piano sound that steers this album. If I'd seen this performed live, I could die a happy man right on the spot.",0,0,"May 14, 2009"
9,"My honey and I honeymooned in New Orleans, and we recently purchased this CD, and it sounded so good as we drove around in the rain.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2009"
9,"This is a great album because of its mix of traditional and modern approaches to the new orleans jazz idiom.  Really swings and smokes throughout and is just plain fun to listen to.",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
9,"Really like the music. I'm not a big fan of poetry, though and I agree with the one critic who opined that you don't want to hear the poetry everytime you listen to the CD. So I just downloaded the songs I really liked - smile.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2009"
8,"An iconic meeting pf musical giants. yes, one mightvsay that little musial ground is broken, but what a display of mirth with the american sonbook!!",0,0,"Jul 13, 2008"
9,"Most accessible of all their current albums. Great versions of 'This Guy's i Love with You' and 'Everybody wants to Rule the World'. These guys are tight!",0,0,"Jul  9, 2007"
4,"Boring. New tricks for the same old dog. Not 3rd album material. If this were the second record I'd probably love it. But as #3, it stinks. Time for a new dog,",0,0,"Feb  8, 2007"
10,"perfect. just what I was expecting to emanate from norah jones' heart and soul.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
10,"Great album. Rich sound, wonderful texture. Certainly not a wholesale departure, but why mess with success? Norah builds on the solid foundation that got her here by artfully adding a new level of sophistication.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2007"
9,"At first listen, I was mildly disappointed; but this album grows on me every day. I always loved the songs Norah wrote, and this album is all Norah. Now, it's my favorite Norah Jones album. This isn't background music, and I strongly recommend that anyone listen to it fairly loud on a good stereo system -- focusing on words and music -- before they judge it.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2007"
9,"Beautiful album. Smooth and warming. Best tracks are: BROKEN. MY DEAR COUNTRY, THINKING ABOUT YOU.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2007"
2,"What in the hell is this, she tried to copy every style of music because she's Norah Jones, please. I really thought she was gonna be consistent and powerful instead she gets caught up in some sort of style wash, i'm not saying don't try different styles but please don't shove it down our throats. Die hard and i mean die hard fans are gonna like this, and in about a year or two there going to say why the hell was i ever listening to this crap. She has a soulful, beautiful voice that could have taken us back and remain solid, instead she sounds like she's singing other people songs.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2007"
3,"I am a huge Norah Jones fan, but this CD was blah!!! The only song of any interest was 'not too late.' Also, Norah has a right to express her political opinions 'my dear country,' but I purchase her CD's to enjoy her music and relax. I can get my fill of political opinions from talk radio and TV news channels. I loved her first CD (bought 3 of them), her 2nd not so much and the last one, I will probably not play again. Thanks for listening!!!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2007"
4,"Nora's silky jazz voice is wasted on simplistic and immature notions put to lyrics. Such a sophisticated and talented voice is betrayed by too much sophmoric prattle.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2007"
10,"Nora has done it again... An Amazing sound... and deep lerics ... Takes me away to some smoky bar in New Orleans...",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
7,"I liked sinkin' soon the best. The rest is quiet mellow and sombre. The albumn makes a perfect lounge room companion when you have a few guests over for martinis and cocktails.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2007"
8,"My favorite Norah Jones album yet.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2007"
9,"A little different for her, but excellent as always.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2007"
4,"Snora Jones.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2007"
10,"Norah Jones' most personal album with darker strains underneath the smooth surface. A moving beautiful record. And Mrs Jones' voice, as irresistible as always.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2007"
9,"Best album from Norah Jones so far. Gets the balance between optimism and darkness just right lyrically, and her voice is as magnificent as ever. Perhaps not as immediate or commercial as her preceding albums, but all the better for it, quite frankly.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2007"
10,"Wonderfully moving. A great album, as usual. Couldn't wait to get it and I was not dissappointed a bit.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2007"
1,"Huh? What? oh sorry I was listening to this album and I must have dozed off. Do people actually like this boring crap, I mean, to listen to?",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
0,"I'm sorry, but this cd was a total disappointment. Her first two CD's were fun, witty, and exciting. This one however was boring, uninspiring, and not clever at all. The beats arnt catchy or fun at all, and the lyrics either sound as if shes trying too hard (as in sinkin' soon, where half the song is odd food metaphores), or they are just plain lame (as in My Dear Country, where she tries to make a political statement, but it just ends up sounding weird). In my opinion, this is a deffinate do not buy.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2007"
1,"I agree, this cd is very boring. Never before in my life I regretted more that I bought a cd. At least on Soul Mining from The The there is one good song, this album has none! It sounds lame, I wish I could return it.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2008"
2,"honestly, i was rather disappointed with this cd. her first two albums blew me away they were so amazing, however i thought this one was very sub-par. the songs were not very clever or inspiring, and there was only one or two songs that were memorable.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2007"
10,"beautiful album.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2007"
9,"Critics have said that this album shows Norah needing to 'show [us] more than this...' In my opinion, I'm just happy to get some new music from one of my favorite artists!",0,0,"Jan 31, 2007"
0,"The melodies are pleasant, though forgettable, and the lyrics are those of a dreamy high schooler with little contact with the real world and an inability to think in anything but a superficial way.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2007"
10,"Not too late! Awesome performance that was better than her last effort. I rate this a '10' all the way.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
7,"A little too much guitar and not enough piano. I know she was trying something new and for that she is to be commended but sticking to what worked so well on the previous albums would have been a better choice.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
8,"Not Too Late, the third release from Norah Jones, still showcases her beautiful voice, but I think the lyrics could've cut a little deeper than they did.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2012"
1,"stupid shit",0,0,"Mar  6, 2007"
8,"Marvellous instrumental album. Better than anything with a voice so far this year.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Wow!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2006"
9,"I know very little about The National, but I do know about the Clogs. And I like the Clogs. This one tops the excellant Stick Music.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
8,"beautiful neo-classical album that blends classical and jazz elements wonderfully.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
10,"A contemporary work of magic, capturing the essence of beauty in music.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
9,"Makes 50 Cent and those money grubbing biitches appear as juvenille and fake as they really are.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2005"
10,"Yi-eeeehhhh!",0,0,"Sep 10, 2005"
8,"Setting the whole 'indie vs. mainstream' thing aside, this is just a really solid, nicely atmospheric record. It isn't Ladd's best (Welcome to the Afterfuture and In What Language? are my favorites), but it's still a cut above most of what's out there, indie or mainstream.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2005"
10,"Norah Jones eat your heart out! In her husband Elvis Costello she found the right songwriter to match her voice, and she also (co)wrote some songs herself. An excellent album and much much better than Norah Jones, Madeleine Peyroux and Regina Belle. A talent re-born!!!!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2005"
8,"Some outstanding cuts, especially a cover of Love Me Like a Man, the title track, Joni Mitchell's Black Crow and the closing Departure Bay. This is unlike anything she has recorded before.",0,0,"May  4, 2004"
7,"Many long-time fans have been complaining about Krall's new direction for this CD. It is much more like Elvis Costello's recent 'North' than any of her previous work. Despite the same musicians and producer, it is truly unlike her old stuff. Personally I like a lot of the songs, but there are a lot of duds scattered throughout that mess up the momentum. There is some great music here, I just wish artists would learn to either be more discriminating with the songs they put on their albums or cut them down a bit.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2004"
4,"Technically well done. The sound quality is good, but where are the melodies? With the exception of 'The Look of Love' I raved about her CDs, but this one is filled with songs that go nowhere, and that are easily forgettable....I'm not saying she should resume just doing jazz standards, but better material than this has to be available somewhere...I found it tedious.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2005"
10,"This is simply fantastic. I have always been lukewarm about jazz, but this puts a different light on it. My favorites are the songs she has written, and the Joni Mitchell song. I play this again and again and again",0,0,"Oct 18, 2004"
8,"I found this relaxing record to be a very enjoyable listen. It is not over complex like many other El-P releases but it is afforded his thick production leaving the players a lot of room to meander as they choose. Not the best it could have been but certainly not bad for a casual jazz listen. Think anti-acid jazz.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
7,"This Jazz album is a very enjoyable listen. It combines elements of hip hop electronic and jazz music into an interesting avant garde fusion. El p is quite talented.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"Brilliant!! Dave King,drummer of the bad plus is an the most innovative drummers since Brian Blade.Worth checking out becase of king alone. It also has the hippest version of Iron man. Run to the record store and buy it now.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2005"
10,"The Bad Plus have released another intensely satisfying journey through foreign soundscapes. The group's ability to perform as one instrument with one voice and instantly explode into a wall of sound is fantastic. Open your mind and let the rhythms sink in. This album is a gold mine of new sounds and rhythms wedded gracefully with ones familiar.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2006"
9,"O.K., a little too much nashville for me to give this disc a 10, but Norah's lovely voice crosses all music boundaries. An excellent sophmore CD. That guy from 'The Guardian has ISSUES, but NO musical taste.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
9,"I'm rather surprised at some of the harsh criticism that Jones has been getting. It seems like nobody is allowed to make real soulful music anymore, music that gives a simple, unpretentious joy without the overtoned implications of 'inspiration'. If the critics can't hear a brilliant album in 'Feels Like Home', they must atleast refrain from trashing it. 'Feels Like Home' is kind of an extension to 'Come Away With Me'. It has the same feel and quality, a signature Jones.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2004"
4,"There's no defining single like 'I Don't Know Why,' but overall this is actually a bit better than the first. So why only 4/10? Because it's still pop-lite. Norah has a nice voice, but there are times where this music is about as interesting as a phonebook. Some tracks are outright BORING, but overall it's harmless fluff, too safe like the elevator music Kenny G used to shill to millions. But, if you love Kenny G in the 90's and Seals & Croft in the 70's, whip out some white-bread, pour yourself a glass of skim milk, dim the lights and ENJOY!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2005"
10,"Oh yes, a 10 from me. The purest voice on the planet. I have not purchased any CD's ever until I heard this voice. Keep those songs coming!",0,0,"Jan  7, 2006"
6,"Cool, chilling but sometimes boring.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
10,"For anyone who listened to Come Away With Me and wanted something even more soulful or upbeat, this album is it. If the bpm keeps picking up with her albums she's gonna make a country funk album. The fifth track off of the album titled In The Morning has a sedate, upbeat, boogie rhythm with some smooth soul piano solos between the silky voicings. The way the band just melts in after she finishes off a verse is incredible. Case in point: Track 6 (Be Here To Love Me) is filled with light, sweet, air between every line. The guitar solo just simmers on through a couple licks before settling back down to its main purpose--being cool. The lyrics themselves are written for her voice. It's been this way with her for a while, actually, Norah Jones has this knack for picking the right words and nailing them to the vocals every single time. To me, it's impressive, and something that certain rock bands will never learn. Which reminds me of another thing--she's never angry or sappy. Never. Not once. In today's music market, I used to think that was a prerequisite for good music, but she proves me wrong on every track she sings. In some respects, this album is like the Southern Comfort edition of Bob Dylan's Love And Theft. It covers so many styles from straight jazz, to AOR, to soul, to country gospel, to new blues, if you like any of these styles you will be satisfied. It is a great followup to Come Away With Me and a wonderful companion to her pop blues collaboration with the Peter Malick Group New York City. I should add that the Guardian review is not indicative of the acutal music itself, and is unfairly biased.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
10,"Norah Jones sophomore effort is a continuation of its predecessor. A loose blend of jazz, folk and country, coupled with her clear, almost breathy vocals. Right from the beautiful surreal cover art, you know you?re in for a treat. ?Sunrise?, the lead off single, opens the cd to good effect. It?s a light, breezy song. ?Carnival town? is an excellent cabaret style number, one of 6 songs penned or co penned by Jones. ?In the morning? is another beauty, with some great bass playing. ?Humble me? is a beautiful song of contrition and forgiveness, almost Gospel like. ?Above ground?, The long way home? (with delightful guitar strumming), The prettiest thing? (very pretty song), and ?Don?t miss you at all? (a tender piano ballad which samples Duke Ellington to good effect), are other standouts from this stark, understated gem. This cd will do your collection no harm.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2004"
2,"Ms. Jones has one of those angelic voices you can listen to all day. This album starts off well enough with the beautiful 'Sunrise' using ever aspect of that voice but then goes nowhere from there. Her first album is a masterpiece but this one falls way short. We can only hope she quickly releases a third album along the lines of her first.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2004"
2,"Ms. Jones has one of those angelic voices you can listen to all day. This album starts off well enough with the beautiful 'Sunrise' using ever aspect of that voice but then goes nowhere from there. Her first album is a masterpiece but this one falls way short. We can only hope she quickly releases a third album along the lines of her first.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2004"
6,"I'm sure I'm not the first nor the last to make this observation, but this album really falls flat compared to her previous one. Whereas 'Come Away With Me' was full of emotive, catchy and brooding songs, 'Feels Like Home' feels like background music par excellence: sultry vocals over bland beats and rather pedestrians songwriting. It's too bad, because this singer's got talent.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
3,"Norah is loaded with talent, but it needs to be spent covering other writer's material. Aside from the first cut, the others are totally forgetful, not to mention boring. I loved her debut but this effort is a huge disappointment.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
9,"Norah's best CD, probably. I'd give it an 8 or 9, due to the different types of sounds with the familar Norah Jones voice. It has Above Ground, Creepin' In and many other good titles. It's better than Come Away With Me.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2006"
8,"Though its not as good as her debut cd, its still a solid album, well worth the listen. The best songs of the album are probably Toes and What Am I to You?",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"Another marvelous album from Norah Jones, who has, absolutely, the voice of an angel. The songs, especially Sunrise, my personal favorite, are wonderfully simple.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2012"
8,"Norah Jones: The beautiful, sweet and shy girl, winning five Grammy awards, proves to what came on their second album.
A record that is not a  revolution in the music industry or in Jones's career, but it is extremely satisfactory and better than Come Away with me.
Feels Like homes still so sweet, as his previous album, exploring jazz-blues melodies and a big part of country, one basically sound and extremely quiet record. It will not offend old fans and new fans can captivate.
The album reaches the pick already in the beginning, with the soft 'Sunrise', the time to fall in love with Norah in 'What Am i to You' and excess sugar in 'Those sweet words' and 'Be Here To Love Me 'and the animation in ' Creepin 'In '.
The rest of the album does not appear so, but still very well organized and worked.
Lyrically perhaps Fells Like Home does not offer much, making the sound more interesting.
Completing Norah jones is a very talented girl, who certainly deserves the phenomenon of her second album.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2015"
10,"After hearing her perform 'Sari' on TV, I bought this album with the swiftness of someone who thoroughly believed all copies everywhere would be sold out by the time the order was finished. After it arrived in the mail, I listened to it on repeat for a good two weeks, to the exclusion of all else. This album couldn't be any better.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2005"
10,"Britany, Justin, please! No comparison. I saw her on Dave Letterman and was hooked. She's been in my CD player for 2 weeks straight, so far.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2004"
8,"Although a few songs could have been eliminated, this is a very interesting, varied, and accomplished debut disc. One of the most exciting debuts I have heard in a long time. This youngster has more talent than any of those Britney/Justin-types. She is the real deal.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2004"
10,"I think she's just great. I'm glad she's out there making music for us to enjoy and I hope she's happy...",0,0,"Feb  6, 2005"
10,"I'm a 48 year old middle class republican male (please don't throw things at the monitor). That being said I am very critiacal of music and enjoy Dorisa Day as well as Eminem (yes, really) And while many of Nellie's lyrics often drip with that sardonic liberal wit I've come to loathe... her songwriting and performance is pure genius and soars high above the mind-numbing pop stuff that tries to pass itself off as music. I sat entranced as I listened to her pound out 'Sari' on Letterman. It was that same kind of chill as when I heard Coltrane's 'Giant Steps' or Tom Wait's 'Closing Time' for the first time. Gwen, Jessica, Britney.... please step aside and let a blonde who actually HAS talent step up to the mike. Thank you.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2005"
10,"Her album is so innovative and fresh. Who knew that vocal jazz and rap went together like two peas in a pod?",0,0,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Definitely unique. Nellie's album crosses genres even more than Gwen Stefani's solo debut, which means that there's probably something here for everyone. McKay's lyrics are often surprising, her melodies prompt one to smile, and her live appearances--in which this happy, stunningly-dressed blonde suddenly breaks out into a rap--make her hard to figure out, yet leave you wanting more.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2004"
9,"Like nothing else out there.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2004"
10,"brilliant! kicks norah jones ass 40 times over...she's not boring has better lyrics, is funny and even raps ...the coolest part is that her website has some live shows on mp3 that can be downloaded..after hearing those u'l definatly buy the album..",0,0,"Mar  4, 2004"
9,"As hilarious as it is inventive, as beautiful as it is original. This album is a must-own.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
9,"not sure why the critics are so cynical. compared to the trash we hear everyday, numbing us like thorazine, it's nice to hear something that's at least genuine.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2005"
0,"Annoying, that's all i can think to say, Annoying.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2005"
9,"Absolutely fantastic record!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2006"
10,"one of the greatest albums of the 00's",0,0,"Oct 29, 2006"
10,"Totally unpredictable and funny and smart. What else could you ask for?",0,0,"Feb  9, 2007"
10,"First time I heard Nellie Mckay was on the Late Show with David Letterman, she was performing 'The Dog Song'. I thought it seemed a little weird at first. Next time I saw her, was on the Late Late Show (not sure if it was a guest host, of if Craig Ferguson had started), and she was performing 'Sari'. At that moment I was duly impressed! 'Sari' being her song that she delves into rapping about what is troubling her, and apologises for it. So upon hearing the album, and getting to know her, definitely nothing weird about her! 'The Dog Song' is a creative quirky song, just what is probably lacking in much popular music of today. Overall the album defies categorisation, although pop, and adult pop/jazz would work well, which is rather impressive for a 19 year old! Besides being a great album, she is funny, a great performer, and smart. Some of her lyrics have a political tinge to them, including songs, such as 'John-John', about John Kerry and Ralph Nader (originally titled 'Mickey Mouse', changed for obvious reasons), it appears on the DualDisc release, and 'Columbia is Bleeding' about Columbia University's cruelty to animals. Since she was (jokingly) disappointed on 'The View' about Rolling Stone only giving her album four stars, I'll give it five, but I do mean it! Her sophomore is tentatively scheduled for a September 27th release!",0,0,"Aug 23, 2005"
9,"If the Bloodhound Gang went to Berekley, this would be the kind of music they would make. Hillariously brilliant album!",0,0,"Jan 12, 2007"
10,"unparalleled, solid maestro-ship",0,0,"Jan  6, 2006"
10,"Very, very sweet.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2004"
0,"utter excrement. if you desire boredom and outright shitty instrumentation, then this is the album for you.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2003"
8,"head-bop and groove worthy. made me want to sport a veil and rent a cadillac, blast this very cool, very interesting collab CD.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
9,"kick ass",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
10,"very interesting collaboration by two different artists. pretty good. despite what  people say about this its alot different and unique in its own way.",0,0,"May  7, 2016"
9,"Buy me now :)",0,0,"May  2, 2003"
10,"esta super chido!",0,0,"May  5, 2003"
10,"This is Jazz that Rocks!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2003"
9,"A killer transition for That Subliminal Kid from a dubwise to a jazzy illbient work.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2002"
10,"Grooves and awesome jammage to the max. Just like all of their albums except Farmers Reserve, it gets a 10",0,0,"Jan  1, 2007"
7,"It was going to be hard to top their last album, The Dropper, which was a watershed record for them - and they didn't. Uninvisible incorporates new elements - the keyboards are pushed wayyy to the back & the horns aren't overbearing or particularly prominent. This album is all about the percussion and turntables, which make it worth an 7. Bruce Hampton on Snake Anthony is a nice touch too.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2002"
9,"Highly recommended! While the Dropper captured the spirit of MMW's sound, this latest one is surely that sound's logical extension. They've abandonded the acoustic 'improv' style for a more sophisticated, studio-blended, DJ-enhanced assemblage of textures. Plus, it just straight up grooves!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2002"
10,"Amazing! Simply outstanding! I hope she stays around for years to come; I'm so sick of everyone being either a rapper or in a punk rock band. Long live Norah Jones!!!",3,3,"Jul 29, 2004"
5,"Not bad but severely overrated. Safer than milk, i.e. TOO safe, no back-bone, no risks, virtually no excitement. She has a beautiful voice, but a fine instrument doesn't mean much when it's stuck playing Muzak. The first song is pleasant, but you may have trouble staying awake past the halfway point, unless you're the type who treats music like background noise, in which case this should do fine. There's nothing wrong with soft pop, but if this is supposed the 'best' that's out there, then the public's either too desperate or need to challenge themselves a wee bit more.",0,2,"Mar 30, 2005"
10,"I'm so sick of stereotypers such as yourself, Kyle S. I love rap, I love punk rock, and I love Norah Jones.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2005"
9,"A warm soothing set of 14 songs. Like a sweet bird mutterings meditations on the human heart from afar, this cd is as important as a warm cup of cocoa by the fire after a hard day's work. She does not over sing or plunge into self indulgence but rather seduces you to let your heart rest",0,0,"Mar 27, 2003"
10,"Beautiful perfection, even better than her first!!!",0,0,"Mar 30, 2004"
10,"Brilliant cd. 'I've got to see you again', 'Painter song', 'Don't know why' are all fantastic songs. Bought this after reading a review in Time magazine just after it came out, and no regrets.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2003"
10,"Norah Jone's come away with me is definitly one of the best albums recorded in a long time. Her remarkably smoothe sultry voice accompanied by the beautiful tunes of the piano make a great match. It is good to get a break from the norm of modern-day rock and just hear some easy listening music, definitly a greatest hit and a new classic on my list.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2003"
8,"'Come Away With Me' is slow and quiet, with faint white noise in the background that makes it sound like a record. This album seems absolutely way too perfect for relaxing or winding down, but it should come with a disclaimer that says 'For use in small doses ONLY!'",0,0,"Sep 19, 2003"
7,"Her voice is great, the production is great too and the lyrics are good enough, but there something about this album that makes it kinda boring",0,0,"Dec 11, 2003"
3,"Ugh....sorry, but Norah's slow-paced songs lull me to sleep.",0,0,"May 22, 2003"
10,"I listen to Norah Jones every night by the fire with a cup of hot chocolate. It is magic.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
10,"Norah's inspirationally beautiful and eloquent voice slowly rock you away into another place, another land that lets you be carried away by anything she says. This smoky jazz singer truly shows that she has the talent enough to be chosen by a label, and as one might dare say, enough to make an album as sucessfull as hers is. And, that's only her voice. Her intricate and striking touch on the keys provides a definite change in the pop-infested world today. This drop of jazz in the hyperactive bubble-gum teenage girl music industry creates a welcome stir in society. Not only that, her classy and beautiful physical appearance make both of her videos pleasant on both the ears and the eyes. The only real reason anyone should have to give this album anything lower than an 8 would be the shallowness of the lyrics, as love songs are desperately overmade and overplayed. But, she still scores a ten, and those grammys were well-earned.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2004"
7,"I do enjoy her style of music, but it is a bit too quiet and the songs seem a bit too similar for my taste. I think 'Sunrise' is her best song... and I also like that duet with Ray Charles.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2006"
10,"Quite Possibly the best album that was released in the decade that was 2000-09. Not one track on the cd isn't a pleasure to listen to. Norah's voice accompanied by the piano is a thing of beauty. She brings so much to every song by only making slight changes to her tone of voice throughout the albums 45:03 run-time.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"Come Away With Me, is, simply put, a beautiful album. It showcases a sympathy of sounds so harmonic, you are slowly soothed into a daze.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2012"
10,"Este lbum mereceu todo o sucesso que recebeu durante e depois do lanamento. Simplesmente MARAVILHOSO e muito lindo, emocionante. um verdadeiro Clssico do Jazz, essa mulher arraza.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2015"
8,"Finally, I can say I listen to and all types of music, including country. A couple of skippable tracks, but the album as a whole is quite enchanting. Great photography too.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2002"
10,"This disc is easily one of his best. For reference, other favorites of mine include Look Out For Hope, Is That You? and Nashville.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2001"
3,"Bill Frisell is a very talented musician ! 1/3 of the music on this album is great ! However, the other 2/3 of the music is too noncommital. Its atmospheric music. No one takes a solo. I would expect more from him. So, I must give it a 3 which is 1/3 of 10.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2005"
10,"We need more of this music.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2002"
10,"Heartbreaking, beautiful. You're driving across Kansas, 3 in the morning, it's still 95 degrees outside, the windows are open, and you know you'll be in Denver by morning. One of the best jazz records in recent memory.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2004"
9,"Of late I've missed the edgy tension and moody atmospherics that Frisell did so well on 'Where in the World?'; albums like 'Nashville' and 'Good Dog Happy Man', while enjoyable, have a tendency to get a little too mellow. 'Blues Dream' is a perfect mix of Frisell's gentler side and his more raucous, dissonant sounds. I love it.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2001"
10,"Simply magnificent.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2001"
9,"While not a carbon copy of 1998's 'The Dirty Boogie', I really don't think it was meant to be. It has somewhat of a harder edge in some places. Overall, if you're first BSO CD was 'The Dirty Boogie', then this should be your second. I found it full of energy. It's just great stuff.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2002"
3,"umm...remember that one week where swing was big. well this album should have stayed there. a merely listenable effort.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2001"
