6,"ainda vou dar 6 pq eu te amo, mas porra bicha que album fraco  esse??? borders e swords so timas, go off A.M.P,visa e Platforms so boas, o resto  super decepcionante :(",1,1,"Sep 10, 2016"
8,"Great effort from M.I.A. on this album. It misses some coherence, but I personally really like disparate songs on a single album. Awesome lyrics for most of the songs. Good job!",1,1,"Sep  9, 2016"
10,"This si one of M.IA.'s best efforts, she slays as always, it's really politic and has a powerful meaning, and not only that, you can dance to it! Pretty cool.",1,2,"Sep  9, 2016"
10,"PAREM DE BOICOTAR A MIA CA****** O ALBUM MERECIA 70 NO MNIMO, MSICAS BEM FEITAS, BATIDAS EXCITANTES E LETRAS MARAVILHOSAS FELIZMENTE UM DOS ALBUNS DA CARREIRA",0,1,"Sep  9, 2016"
10,"APAGEM ESSA NOTA 65 AGORA OU VOCS SERO TODOS EXPLODIDOS PELA MIANATION, LBUM DO ANO PISA NO LEMONADE QUE TEM CONCEITO INVENTADO E APROVEITO ESSA REVIEW PRA PEDIREM A VOCS PAR COMPRAREM O FROOT NO ITUNES BOM  ISSO",0,1,"Sep 12, 2016"
9,"1. Borders 5/5
2. Go Off 5/5
3. Bird Song 3/5
4. Jump In 4/5
5. Freedun (ft. ZAYN) 5/5
6. Foreign Friend (ft. Dexta Daps) 3/5
7. Finally 4/5
8. A.M.P. (All My People) 4/5
9. ALI R U OK? 4/5
10. (OLA) VISA 4/5
11. Fly Pirate 3/5
12. Survivor 4/5
13. Bird Song (Diplo Remix) 5/5
14. The New International Sound Pt. 2 4/5
15. Swords 5/5
16. Talk 3/5
17. Platforms 4/5",0,1,"Sep 13, 2016"
3,"English-Sri Lankan singer/rapper M.I.A is coming to the end of her star-studded career with a new album entitled AIM which she recently announced will be her last. She has strung some of the biggest hits such as Paper Planes over the years and is renowned for possessing a slightly out of tune voice, which ironically helps her sound distinct and compliment the productions in her material in a different way. Due to the occasion and predictable electronic theme of her material, I decided to roll through the record to see if it was a good send-off.
The record features impressive, witty lyricism on a number of tracks like Borders and Foreign Friend. A good take on the tensions that have dramatically risen over the past few years regarding immigration and cultural clashes.
The best tracks on the entire record for me are unquestionably Go Off and A.M.P. Skrillex had a hand in the production of both songs and his influence proves invaluable. The relentless intensity of the drums galvanises M.I.A.'s emphatic rapping and singing deliveries in a sharp, thrilling way. The extremely prominent autotune on Go Off works wonders and weave together the instrumentation like a web. For me it is clear that this type of production is far more catered to her strengths as her imperfections in her vocals really give the instrumentation life and more purpose.
That's about it when it comes to the positives to take away from this album.
Freedun, although lyrically sound, is a minute too long in length. There is absolutely no need for the same instrumentation to repeat over and over until it becomes a bore and something to skip through. The long drab, lazy, purposeless outro along with M.I.A.'s desolate, insignificant vocal snippets and chops unfortunately becomes a concurrent theme. Bird Song suffers from the same problem; the percussive synthesis on the cut is pretty good and I do like her vocal delivery but yet again it gradually becomes soulless, bland after becoming insanely repetitive from the two minute mark. If her lyricism or vocal delivery isn't going to pick up, the instrumentation should and that never really happens enough on the record to leave me satisfied.
But there are tracks here that are less than satisfying. Or to put it better, the tracks that are quite frankly terrible. Jump In is basically equivalent to absolute garbage. Worst track on the whole record. It makes me furious and disappointed when I hear how weak and uninspiring M.I.A.'s vocals are - unfortunately continually panning and chopping them isn't going to save the overall track from being painfully bland and tasteless. This is one of those songs that desperately need instrumentation to survive. Survivor is also vomit, her voice does not in any shape or form cohere with the intergalactic themed instrumentation and it just made me cringe hearing her harrowingly sing 'survivor' sloppily as the washy synthesized pads produced a completely different vibe. Ali R U OK? features more of her Southern Asian influences in regards to the instrumentation but yet again that does not save it from grace due to the obnoxiously cringy, constant 'eh' spluttered across the track, which yet again is matched with very repetitive instrumentation from start to end.
The rest of the tracks I feel indifferent to and think nothing of them.
A good handful of these tracks would have better if they were shorter by a full minute. They were that bad. Execution is vital to allow lyricism to jab through and in too many instances did that below par element affect the other medium. The album is very unfocused. She doesn't sound half as good as she did perhaps ten years ago, and neither does the production in her material.
Such a shame that her last album is generally sour and directionless, but the album isn't purely horrible. Apart from Go Off, A.M.P. and perhaps Bird Song, there's nothing unique or amazing regarding the production. This is a bad album.
I will be listening to her older material from now on.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2016"
10,"For me this is one of the best albums of the year, she made an improvement over herself, Borders took that **** to the next level, however, I still don't know why she's so underrated. Bravo M.I.A., a truly artist.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
8,"Even thought this is a messy and a disjointed release, you just can't escape the feeling that this is the most fun you're going to have with an M.I.A. album, just don't don't forget to plug your brain in cause you'll need it..
I miss her already ..",0,0,"Sep 13, 2016"
9,"MIA pushes the envelope with unique blend of beats from around the world in her album AIM. She's surely the most globally inclusive artist as far as her perspective of the plight and injustices of the forgotten. It's music with a social critique (as on her other albums) striving to push listeners break the status quo and question the comforts and privileges many of us take for granted. Some of the tracks are less developed and almost seem to be unfinished in their messages; MIA is very intentional in her art, so any imperfection or crudeness should be seen as purposeful. I only wish her message in AIM was more definitive.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
10,"Stop hating, guys! AIM is beyond perfection, I mean, truly. This is honestly goals, nice songs, awesome art and epic instrumentals. Just love her album. It's so iconic.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
10,"Their second best album, right after (II). I hope it gets the acclaim it deserves and reviewers will stay professional and not discredit the album just because Alice is now gone. Femen, Fleece, Char, Kept are all amazing and highlights in their career. Even the weakest moments in this album are good and definitlely stronger than the weakest moments in the previous album.",3,3,"Aug 20, 2016"
10,"Amnesty (I) is a regeneration. It's exciting and incendiary and like all Crystal Castles albums - unsettling. No track outstays its welcome and there's no filler.",2,2,"Aug 20, 2016"
8,"I'm not sure why the critic reviews are so lukewarm. This album is seriously such a treat to listen to. There's not a bad track on here and it flows together so well. The melodies, beats, and hooks are infectious. Amnesty (I) is certainly a welcome comeback from Crystal Castles, and a bit more accessible than their previous albums.",1,1,"Sep  1, 2016"
8,"Edith is awesome, the lyrics are really good, but the album lacks of something and i don't know what is. Anyways Char and Sadist are the highlights of the album. Keep doing amazing tracks Ethan and Edith.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
8,"This album is great. It made me like more Crystal Castles, since their first albums were.. 'harder' for me to listen, don't know why. This album is very sticky and funny. My favorites may be Char and Sadist, although most songs are very good.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
8,"This album is an icon of intensity, emotions and rebelliousness. Ethan and Edith has change the perspective of CC's way of making music; however, it feels there is something missing from the previews forms of conveying their message by the sounds. The general panorama of the new CC's style is iffy, but innovative enough.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
10,"Behind Alice Glass' ripped tights and makeup there was 'a guy with a hoodie' in charge of everything -even her live vocals-. That's why Crystal Castles' vibe remains intact on this release. + new singer Edith can actually perform these tracks live...",1,3,"Aug 25, 2016"
0,"All the songs have the potential to be the same level of excellence that was executed in their 3 previous albums, but now the songs just fall flat. Lackluster is an understatement to describe this album.",0,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
8,"This album proves that Ethan was always Crystal Castles from the very beginning. It has eclectic elements coming from the album II and III ... The album they wanted. Edith's voice compliments the aura perfectly in my opinion. Very well done.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2016"
10,"hahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahaahhahaahahahaahhahahahahahah",0,6,"Aug 26, 2016"
5,"French electronic artist DJ Snake is well known in the EDM scene for being either involved in or producing some of the most enormous, gargantuan dance hits over the past few years. Lean On, Turn Down For What and Low to name a few. Lean On was the most streamed song on Spotify last year, amassing over five hundred million listens that year alone. This is an eye-watering figure, so there is no question that the guy thrives on producing at the forefront of the EDM scene. The fact that his material is mostly centred around what is popular further supports this claim. A sugary pop artist equivalent.
This year he went and released his debut album entitled Encore. There's over fifty minutes of content on it, which is pretty long for EDM. Anyhow, I decided to wrap my ears around it to see what the hype was all about.
The record is bundled with a multitude of genres - which is as expected. The cuts are dominated by trap and house, but a slew of other subgenres like moombahton and hardstyle make it onto the record as well. From a business perspective, it seems reasonable to have a wide spectrum of EDM fuelled with meaty hooks. Such is the 'raise your hands' festival culture today, and Snake's record remains no exception of that. Even with the financial incentives however, that doesn't mean the record is immune from criticism.
The opening track is perhaps the most interesting of the lot. An atmospheric interlude with some swishy vocals and washy synthesized chords floating around the piece. It is quite soothing and pleasant actually. It is a shame that this thread of quality doesn't circulate around the rest of the record.
There are deplorable aesthetics on tracks like Pigalle and Sahara; the incredibly brash, abject, haywire drops with hugely contrasting verses between them make these tracks auditory heaps of junk. It's unfortunate since the vocals on Sahara are nice. Ocho Cinco isn't impressive either. The introduction is less than plausible and the hardstyle beat woven at the beginning of the drops are monstrously chaotic, obnoxious and unequivocally horrible. But I will admit that the second half of the drop is much more acceptable.
There are also cuts on the record that leave me feeling indifferent. Nothing special about Oh Me Oh My. Sober had potential but the (sometimes cringy) vocals do not fit the instrumentation well.
However, there are some good tracks on the album that I do like. Propaganda - which kicks off with an awful introduction - has drops that are lifted by this compelling, fluttering synth with a gummy 808 bass that underpins the rest of the instrumentation nicely. A good cut that is also refreshing as there are no vocalists on it. The closing track Here Comes The Light highlights the impressive technicality of Snake's production (future bass), but there is a vocalist on this one who sounds half-baked.
Tracks that are driven by the pitch-changing, vocal melody craze that has taken the EDM scene by storm recently, are mostly successful. Talk, Let Me Love You and Middle all fall within this boundary. Bieber has picked up an appetite for tropical house tracks recently so his good vocal performance on Let Me Love You was anticipated, but the drop sounds like a weaker version of Lean On yesteryear - slightly underwhelming. Talk features Maple's vocal, pitch-shifting melodies that are cheery, engaging and fun to my ears. Middle is the best cut on the entire record. Released some time ago, Bipolar's vocals and the instrumentation on it are seriously infectious - an earwig that's pleasing to the ear. This follows on to Future Pt. 2, which is more laidback but nonetheless pretty good. Though there's nothing incredible going on here, Snake succeeds with making good, catchy, simple pop music.
I am pleased to say that this is not a disastrous record. But as expected, the album format simply doesn't cater to Snake's strengths. The record suffers from being predictably cluttered with tracks that have incredibly contrasting - and often mismatched - chord progressions between the verses and choruses. There is a very thin ribbon of cohesion across Encore, and the vocals across the record are a hit and miss (mostly the latter). These problems are typical with sugary EDM albums.
It is far from perfect, but Snake has some potential in what he is doing so it is disheartening to hear that this will be his first and last album. If he made it more focused, got better vocalists in the studio, got more inventive with his production then I see no reason why it wouldn't have been a good album. As it stands, the record is bombarded with inconsistencies.
If your teeth are sunk into the festival culture of EDM nowadays then you stand a good chance of enjoying this album. If you hate the culture, this record is certainly not for you, as it will probably make you loathe the culture even more. I am personally split in the middle with this scene, and that mirrors how I feel about Encore.
A mediocre record, DJ Snake.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2016"
10,"I signed up for Metacritic just to write this review. I find this album to be so special that I want to be a part of the art-objectifying-via-ranking community to help secure its place in the collective consciousness for years to come. This album is a joyful swirl of nostalgic funkiness. It's beautiful. Wistful. I have long considered SILY to be a desert island album to keep my joy alive if I was all alone on this planet, so I had the highest of hopes for their follow-up, and, amazingly, not only did it not disappoint me it revealed new depths of joy, gratitude and dance moves in my emotional and physical lexicon. I will be returning to this album, I expect, for the rest of my life. It makes me happy and sad at the same time, while propelling me in time through dance.
Magic.",10,10,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Try not to compare the sound to that of SILY- the theme of the album is completely different than before, however is just as expertly crafted full of depth and nostalgic samples that are assembled so wonderfully. The album truly is a masterpiece and flows from start to finish with an underlying lively pulse, however the songs themselves are more individual than the seamless SILY. At 22 songs long, the more I played this album the more I loved it and the more I heard in it. Those who do not find joy in this expertly crafted work of art is not listening deep enough.
Highlights - Because I'm Me, Harmony, Zap!, If I Was A Folkstar, Wozard of Iz, Saturday Night Out. But everything is amazing!",2,2,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Though it's already been a very good year for music (Beyonc, Chance The Rapper, ANOHNI etc.) this is without a doubt my favourite album of the year so far. The meticulous attention to detail and sequencing (especially when listening on proper headphones) is staggering. It's like listening to a whirlwind of carefully-selected music samples, all amounting to an emotionally complex, psychedelic experience. The extended cut of 'Frankie Sinatra' at the very end might be the only excessive part on the album, but other than that, it's a classic Avalanches album.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2016"
8,"I've waited a long time for this album and I'll be honest if I say that I'm slightly disappointed. The rap parts are a great bonus, yet the tracks do feel a bit repetitive and tiring at times.",1,1,"Jul  5, 2016"
7,"As much as it is rewarding to listen to, it often feels as if it crumbles under its own weight as a dense and scenic album. While it may be a tribute to the barren beauties of Australia, 'Wildflower' somewhat fails to encapsulate them.",1,1,"Jul 19, 2016"
9,"A seriously good album from front to back. It rewards repeat listens heavily. Put all your assumptions and expectations about what this  or any album, for that matter  should sound like, and you'll be immersed into a unique, technicoloured world or weird, wonderful and surprising songs. This album will certainly be misunderstood by, and get lost on, many people  but the way it is stitched together, the way it feels, and the spectrum of emotions it evokes (with masterful subtlety), is nothing short of incredible. A sublimely crafted hour of music.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"I've waited 15 years for this album. These guys have kept the magic that made their 1st album so special to us. You can't say that for a lot of artists! This album will make you smile, even if there's not as much variety / experimentation as their 1st album.",1,1,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"The Avalanches have been more assertive in this album compared to SILY, and the results may or may not be what listeners were expecting. However, if it is a more direct expression of The Avalanches then we should be happy to know more about the intentions of the musicians, as well as their skill. The samples and themes in Wildflower are brought together in a way that seems almost like Jazz, which is a testament to the technical skills of the musicians (Harmony was in part constructed from samples of letter phonemes in Sesame Street's Madrigal Alphabet), and a testament to their confidence in their audience. The rapid movements between themes and samples seems to lay out a narrative of emotions and thoughts, rather than clear, clean stories. Like Jazz, this constant shifting makes it hard to predict what is coming next, and at times places demands on the listener that many artists would be simply too afraid to make. As a contrast, while SILY was content to allow for the repetition of samples and melodies to allow for more predictable (and catchy) melodies, Wildflower has greater ambitions, for itself and for its listeners. Appreciating this album doesn't require knowledge of the enormous musical tapestry from which it was constructed, but it is likely that those who appreciate this album will find the feeling of nostalgia in the samples, and seek out the originals to experience in their own right. I can't help but think that Wildflower is in part an attempt to share this old music with us, to piece together new creations while honouring the memory of those pieces.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
10,"Listening to this album is like walking through the meadow on warm sunny spring day... this is little twin brother to 'since I left you' 10/10  (I signed up to this web just to vote for this gem album)",0,0,"Jul 20, 2016"
8,"After all the false starts surrounding the release of this album - many of them no doubt coordinated by the band in order to remind folk that they were still alive - 'Wildflower' needed to be good in order to sustain the hype surrounding its release. And it is. It's a lovely thing, summery, breezy and written by people in a happy place or taking the right drugs to put them in a happy place.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2016"
10,"I listened to this album before I went to bed last night and was completely relaxed. I was  moved by the chorus, the ambiance, and the timeless spirit of the music. I highly recommend listening to 'Purpose (Is no Country)' and 'Power Colour Spirit Animal'.  You will hear such an intricate and enlightening combination of sounds.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
7,"The first half is certainly the strongest in terms of hearing a new sound for Richard's fans, and although he definitely plays around with the Cheetah in an interesting and pretty soothing way, it's just an experiment. Obviously he doesn't care at all about pleasing the critics, he's just having fun and this EP is still conducted by the most skillfull hands in electronic music for sure. The first two tracks are at least worth listening.",2,3,"Jul  9, 2016"
7,"The first half is certainly the strongest in terms of hearing a new sound for Richard's fans, and although he definitely plays around with the Cheetah in an interesting and pretty soothing way, it's just an experiment. Obviously he doesn't care at all about pleasing the critics, he's just having fun and this EP is still conducted by the most skillfull hands in electronic music for sure. The first two tracks are at least worth listening.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2016"
9,"As always, a new release from Aphex Twin is very welcome. This is very tasty indeed. Always that bit better than anything else out there in this genre. As usual, well done, Mr. James!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
3,"So bad. I was going into this album expecting to love it, considering his 2011 album touched my heart and soul. Sadly I literally couldn't even get through the entire album. Sounds like it was a made by a high school dropout.",0,1,"Jul 27, 2016"
10,"The BEST and most versatile album in the game! This producer is the best! After all Araabmuzik has been through h still manages to drop an incredibly classic album. He is also the pioneer of edm/trap but yet hes nt being credited. he started this in 2011! do your homework!",0,1,"Jul 31, 2016"
7,"Not the best Metronomy album, however its mixture of 80s, 90s and early 2000's beats makes it feel like a feature length after school special. Download: Old Skool, Back Together, Hang Me Out to Dry.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
8,"Summer 08 feels like Metronomy's most darkly complete, and complex album. The simplistic 80s sound and coy lyricism allow for more fascination to shine through as the music takes you to dim, melancholic atmospheres. It's their most well intentioned and convincing album yet.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2016"
7,"Summer 08 is somewhat of a sharp turn conceptually for Joseph Mount, the mastermind behind London-based act Metronomy. Originally started as a one-man bedroom project, Metronomy had gradually transitioned to being a live band, with matching clothes and band members appearing in music videos. However, eight years of touring since the release of 2008s Nights Out have taken their toll on Mount; having recently become father, he decided to sidestep this career for a period of time. Instead, he locked himself up in a studio near Paris and recorded an entire album alone. An obsessively self-referential album, Summer 08 not only serves as a goodie to Metronomys fans during his live hiatus, but also seems to have brought out a pronounced sentiment of nostalgia in his work.
Revolving around his last summer of ferocious nights of partying and cultivating short-lived flings and romances, Summer 08 is a transitional record in that it not only hangs in an awkward spot in the career of Metronomy, but also revisits tropes and motifs that were previously elaborated on in Mounts past work, notably afromentioned Nights Out and 2011s The English Riviera: Tracks like Mick Slow and Summer Jam feature Mounts brassyy warbling synthesizers. Elsewhere, the bobbling bass lines that made The English Riviera so unbelievably groovy resurface on the more upbeat cuts from this album. The parallels go down to very specific production decisions, as in My House, where a funky chorus bass directly references a very similar line from She Wants. As skillfully as Mount employs his vast repertoire of trademark sounds, it is bound to attract unfavourable comparisons from long-time fans, who will rightfully claim that Metronomy, at this point, are stagnating sonically and creatively.
In a way, Summer 08 explores two distinct sentiments that coincide with different phases in Mounts life. One part of the album indulges in a blithe goofiness, as in opener Back Together, where Mount  perhaps jokingly  duets with himself in a dialogue about scheduling a date with a new-found love interest. He manages to impersonate quite a bit of variety in tones, both lyrically and in terms of singing: weepiness (Miami Logic), mockery (Ive got silver and signet ring / From night climbing and fine dining , Old Skool), infatuation (The way you taunt me / Must be wet softly , 16 Beat). However, around centerpiece Hang Me out to Dry, a duet with Swedish singer Robyn, the album takes a turn and the atmosphere shifts noticeably, introducing a much more bitter-sweet and introspective note. Robyn and Mount shed light on the more mundane and unpleasant aspects of adolescent love  Monday night, running late, getting you from your parents' place / In and out, to the show, trying to fix the radio. When Mount sings I remember first night out, let the dance now / Flower shaking in my hands now / Trying to give you something more than / The other ones who came before me , the feelings of juvenile self-doubt he evokes not only contrast with the careless banter in the earlier tracks; for the first time, the sincerity in his voice seems genuine.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2016"
8,"Compared to Quarter Turns, this is a more simple, stripped down sound with a strange richness and density.  This album abandons most programmed sounds and replaces it with dark string sections and with heavy bass. Not only that, but this album is incredibly consistent throughout. Tooth is a journey; you don't know where you're going, but it's a thrilling, dark adventure.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2016"
7,"What it would sound like if a Krautrock band took over a Madchester night club! It's familiar enough for fans to enjoy but has got enough of a twist on the first 2 albums to attract new fans",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
8,"A very nice, smooth listen. Nothing quite tops the joy of 'In Your Car' but the sounds are precise and engaging throughout. Great background/reading music",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
8,"This Album feels like a real emotional roller coaster during my first listen. 'Metal Bird' starts the album out pretty energetic and fun along with the next few songs. Such as, 'Chiba Nights' which is a really fun and a great tune to dance to! Then it starts to change once you get to 'Song For a Dead Friend'. A feeling of heavy weight starts to fill up the album and the weight seems to get heavier as the album goes on until the album ends with 'Your Good Times are Just Beginning' which definitely lifts up the mood of the album, but not to where the heightened feeling was at the start. Overall a really awesome album! I gave it an 8/10 because their we're some songs I felt to repetitive or the structure felt off to me.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Don't listen to these guys who say this album is trash. This album's sound design, fluidity and utterly beautiful chord progressions are synonymous with Flume over the last few years. A phenomenal artist that continues to evolve and separate himself from the rest of electronic music being pumped out to the masses every day. He maintains his amazing distinct sound and this album is truly the best electronic album I have ever heard. An album that will remembered decades from now, a nice improvement on his first album which had more of a downtempo/chilling theme where as this one has several themes that blend together absolutely brilliantly.
The best electronic producer in the world. 10/10. He inspires me as both a listener and a producer myself, I salute you!",18,18,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Flume never disappoints, that's a fact! 'Never Been Like You' was just a sample of how he had evolved as an artist and producer, and now, with the whole album released, you can see that in each track. I really love it and and point to buy YES! Buy it on iTunes and on Amazon!!",16,16,"May 27, 2016"
10,"An amazing electronic album. It is authentically truly well produced, with great compositions and, by far, much more futuristic than the last album. Flume is the best!",13,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"While many ones thought it would be just a basic EDM album, 'Skin' comes and surprises everyone with futuristic touches, distorted and extremely well placed noise. By far, this one of the best EDM albums of the year - along with 99, 9% by Kaytranada.",12,12,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Realmente es un lbum sorprendente para la escena de la msica electrnica del momento,  no es solo una produccin electrnica mas y eso se puede sentir en cada tema con esos toques futuristas e innovadores, excelentes vocales, un trabajo con mas potencial que su lbum debut.
sin lugar a duda Flume es uno de los mayores exponentes de msica electrnica.",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Album ratings (do not read if you haven't heard album)
1. Helix 85
2. Never Be Like You (feat. Kai) 95
3. Lose It (feat. Vic Mensa) 90
4. Numb & Getting Colder (feat. Kuka) 100
5. Say It (feat. Tove Lo) 80
6. Wall F**k 85
7. Pika 80
8. Smoke & Retribution (feat. Vince Staples & Kuka) 90
9. 3 85
10. When Everything Was New 90
11. You Know (feat. Allan Kingdom & Raekwon) 80
12. Take a Chance (feat. Little Dragon) 95
13. Innocence (feat. AlunaGeorge) 90
14. Like Water (feat. MNDR) 80
15. Free 100
16. Tiny Cities (feat. Beck) 95
10/10 awesome album the best!!!",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"I am starting to  believe more and more that the so called critics are just people who don't enjoy Electronic Music.
Most of those reviews do nothing but showcase their ignorance of an entire genre of music.I was prompted to create an account after reading reviews of both Kygo's Cloud Nine and Flume's Skin.
Flume's Skin is simply put a masterpiece. I was surprised by how good Flume's debut album was, but I was never entranced by it the way I am with Skin.
Skin is more than an album, it's a journey. You are a raft on a river and you never know what the next stretch of the river will bring, be it a faster current, pirates, or a mellow breeze as you bathe in the sun. The sum total of that journey is what Skin delivers.
I am not a fanboy by any means, but Flume's sound has been polished so much that it literally shines through this album.
His choice of vocalists is fantastic. Aluna is always divine, but the vocal star of this show is Kucka. On Numb & Getting Colder, her voice blends in perfectly with the jagged yet oh so smooth edges of Flume's beat.
Flume's sound is so far ahead as to almost be it's own genre. I hate it when people categorize his music as EDM. In fact I hate that term. It's an umbrella term that means nothing at this point.
Melding various elements of House, Trap, Dubstep, Electronica, Bass, Hip Hop and RnB, Flume manages to create something sonically  unique, gripping and oh so authentic. You can never mistake Flume's sound for anyone else. Nobody else sounds like him.
Every song in this album is a gem, even the so called 'pop' songs, Say It and Never Be Like You.
So far this is the best album to come out of 2016, and it's not even close.",4,4,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"Always loved the way flume is doing his music.This LP is good if you wanna relax and listen to some beautiful music,if you wanna go on adventure this LP will give you that.Favourite songs  as of now Helix,3,Like water,Numb & gettin colder",3,3,"May 30, 2016"
10,"amazing lp, cannot name i single song i didn't love. great work flume, it's great to see how much you've matured since the first album which was already amazing in the first place!!!",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
9,"Flume continues to flourish with his very impressive production techniques, chord schemes and general musical understanding. Tracks like 'Free' demonstrate Flume's experimental ability with the shrill synths automated all over the place to produce this imperfect, non-mechanical feel which is incredibly difficult to pull off in the world of electronic music where the vast majority of it is aided by DAW and software plugins rather than recording any live instruments. The oozing synths on 'Take A Chance' really gripped me with how happy and charming Flume can be, where as tracks like 'Wall F*ck' showcase the depth of his sound palette. The jabbing, heavy use of distortion is very prominent in this piece. Other tracks with more pop appeal, including the big 'Never Be Like You', 'Say It' and 'Lose It' successfully amalgamate with the rest of the album.
This is an outstanding album. The only reason this didn't quite get the 10 was the omission of two tracks which were presented in the preview compilation. These two songs would have put the icing on the cake. Congratulations Flume.",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
9,"This album is a really great album considering that dance/electronic albums are payed much attention to or bought that much. But this album is very unique in sound and has a lot of great special guests such as Vic Mensa, AlunaGeorge and Tove Lo. Favorite songs of the album are Say It and Lose It! Stream on Spotify!",2,2,"May 30, 2016"
9,"Flume is at the top of his game with his sophomore release. He doesn't strive to produce club-banging hits like all the rest of EDM/electronic artists are doing now and days. He's actually interested in making music that has depth. Great contributions by Vic Mensa, Tove Lo and Vince Staples.
HIGHLIGHTS: Helix, Lose it and Say It.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
9,"This album takes the broad, diverse, and vase Flume 'style' further down the rabbit hole. A more diverse, intimate, experimental rabbit hole. I personally didn't hat any tracks on this album, except for maybe the weird singing on '3', and 'Say It' sounds quite commercial imo (still adhering to the OG Flume style), but other than that, it's incredible. Personally recommend Helix, Smoke and Retribution, When Everything was New, Innocence, Like Water, and Tiny Cities",1,1,"May 29, 2016"
10,"glad to see the user score reflect the album far better than the critics that publish these reviews. sonically this album is gorgeous, i love every song. harley is no doubt very very talented",12,13,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This guy is the phenomenon of electronic music. Where he gets these ideas from is mind-blowing, and it really shows in the album. An absolute must buy, this is going to be a modern classic in electronic music, as Zane Lowe said when he premiered one of the songs. Spectacular album.",10,11,"May 27, 2016"
8,"It's sad to see the current state of EDM is growing more and more dull in the mainstream and indie world, as we're currently in the year of Tropical House growing and becoming less unique. It's not like 2012 or 2013 when EDM was really growing, with bombastic buildups and massive drops to get everyone ready to go wild. However, this was also a perfect time for producers to get more experimental with their electronic music, and one of those acts that broke through was Flume. An Australian Electronic producer and DJ who started releasing music around 2011 before releasing his debut album in 2012, and he's kept his reputation in the indie world thanks to various remixes he's done. Four years later, Flume announces his second album Skin with fans and listeners becoming excited to hear new material from the guy. Even though I wasn't wild about that debut album mostly for going on too long and losing my interest too quickly, I have grown to become a huge fan of Flume and was hoping for something worthwhile with Skin, was I right?
Well here's the thing, Skin ends up being an album that finds Flume bringing his most oddball and weird tracks yet, even still it's an improvement upon the debut and shows Flume growing as a musician. And while this album isn't for everyone, it's still a great album all the same.
Let's start with the instrumentals, while Flume did some genre hopping on his debut, this album shows him try out other genres even more. From Synthpop to Acid House to moments of Hip Hop where Flume proves to be better at producing Hip Hop than most Hip Hop producers in music today. The chunky beats on Say It, the gleaming synths and trap hi-hats on Never Be Like You, the 80's inspired keys on Tiny Cities, and the acid house flavored Lose It all sound great with memorable melodies and catchy hooks to back them up. The best instrumental comes from the cinematic and trip hop touches of You Know, with Flume showing the most restraint and control ever for a song, creating both tension and attention to the guests. The instrumental tracks also stand out among the tracklist, from the carnival inspired When Everything Was New to the distorted and dark Wall F**k that perfectly describes the song as a whole. If there was an instrumental I wasn't a fan of it would come with Smoke and Retribution, mostly for it's choppy synths not complimenting Vince Staples and then a sudden changeup for Kucka's hook that feels out of place and doesn't match the more aggressive tone of the song.
One thing that Flume got an upgrade on for sure on this album are the guests he brings on board, with the likes of Raekwon, Beck, AlunaGeorge, Tove Lo, Vic Mensa and various others. Thankfully most of guests work well with Flume, the best being on You Know, and while Allan Kingdom is fine on the opening verse and bridge, it's Raekwon who kills it here with a verse describing gang activity and a suspicious man dating his niece matching the intensity of the song. Kai gives a solid performance on Never Be Like You, Tove Lo matches Flume's production on Say It really well same case also for Beck's laid back delivery on Tiny Cities, and the low-key yet passionate performance given by Little Dragon on the off-kilter Take a Chance are all great and compliment the album as a whole. However, there are a few weak moments, while Vic Mensa has some decent verses on Lose It he shouldn't have been on the hook and is really the only weak part of an otherwise good song. The contributions from Kucka make her a non presence on her songs, and MNDR's performance has very little worth caring about, same thing also for AlunaGeorge on Innocence.
So what about the lyrics? The themes throughout Skin include broken relationships, losing all control, sex, emotions and at one point a gang attack. Otherwise, most of this album is very loopy and not focused much on any real stories except for You Know. That being said, tracks like When Everything Was New seem to have undertones implying nostalgia of childhood memories and Wall F**k is just straight up about going insane with emotions and not being able to handle it all. However, my biggest complaint here with the album is the lack of direction, as I do wish Flume had more of an underlying theme throughout the album or if he shorten the album considering it runs for about an hour long.
Still though, Skin is a huge improvement from the debut and is worth revisiting for the rest of 2016, with some of the best material Flume has ever produced and maybe some of his most mainstream work yet. Even though there are a few weak and forgettable tracks and it runs a little too long, I still enjoyed a lot from Skin. So I'm giving the album a light 8 and a recommendation to fans and newcomers, though like I said at the beginning this album isn't for everyone and I'm pretty much okay with that.
Best Songs: You Know, Never Be Like You, Say It, When Everything Was New, Wall F**k, Lose It
Worst Songs: Smoke and Retribution",8,11,"May 27, 2016"
7,"This album suffers from the issues that plague most EDM albums nowadays. In short, it is a mostly great effort that is bogged down by being much too long, with too many sub-par filler tracks and uninspired vocal performances scattered in amongst some truly fantastic and surprisingly experimental music.",1,4,"May 31, 2016"
6,"I'm so sad. I was sooo hyped for this album. Turns out, it is just okay. Like how could you give this album a 10/10? There is so much filler, so much that sounds just unpurposeful and filler. The track with AlunaGeorge gives me nothing at all, it sounds so insanely boring and the vocals are so unnecessary. The same with When Everything Was New, that just leaves you with a feeling of numbness from the nothingness that this song resembles. There is some really nice experimentation on this album, i really love Wall **** Take A Chance, Numb And Getting Colder and i enjoyed the singles from this album. But it just sounds so undistinct and boring. For the most part, the singles are radio worthy, so thats kind of a problem. Because i expect of Flume, that he releases music, that is not jus t generic but has a little more depth to it. He proved that in the past, no question, with songs like More Than You Thought, the Tennis Court remix as well as other remixes, Some Minds and Drop The Game. But i get very few of that on this album. It is just a unsuccinct mess with a little bit of spark to it. Sad, very sad.",1,21,"May 28, 2016"
0,"I expected more to be honest, sound so cheap and annoying. I'm so disappointed. Don't buy it, it's not worthy. There's not even a decent song in the album, this is completely trash.",1,45,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Wow, what a listen. Filled to the brim with hits, Wall **** Lose It, Helix, Take A Chance stand out the most to me. All songs pretty solid, although some do seem to get lost amongst some of the more hard-hitting songs. Genre-flipping btwn hip-hop, trip-hop, and just good ol' glitchy electronic noise.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2016"
8,"Flume is a very good album with very good productions and very good artists, although there were moments on this album when it got kind of heavy. My favorite song may be Like Water. Recommended.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2016"
10,"I'd like to thank Metacritic for helping me find this incredible body of work.  This album is perfect for anyone who enjoys a wide range of electronic music on the fringes of the experimental genre.  There is something for everyone here with its accessibility and attention to detail in every song.  The most incredible part about this beautiful album is that it's full of surprises. It's fun, adventurous and mysterious. Listen and fall in love at first beat.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2016"
7,"First of all: amazing cover.
Second, i quite enjoy this. Some really nice synth pop plus a heavy indie vibe. Diggin the instrumentals, but especially the vocals, i think they fit very well. The voice reminds me heavily of Chairlift, what i really like, so this gets extra points.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2016"
10,"An outstanding album from electronic artist, Jessy Lanza. The album starts off with the track, 'New Ogi'. This song felt like a song pulled from an 80s style indie film. That track is followed by another 80s style track that has more of a dancing feeling to it. 'Never Enough' is the next track that also feel like an 80s song. (etc....every song sounds like an 80s style song). Even though most of the songs feels like an 80s style, She made it very enjoyable.
This is a very creative album with very catchy lyrics. You will probably start singing songs  from this album after listening it.
All of the tracks on this album sounds great. All of the tracks on this album felt like it could appear on a GTA Vice City station.  This album is a step up from her last album. If you enjoyed her last album, you will probably enjoy and love this album.
Overall, this is an outstanding electronic,  down-tempo  R&B album. One of the best of the year.",1,1,"May 14, 2016"
7,"I recently saw Jessy Lanza when she was opening for Junior Boys, and being a big fan of theirs, I was immediately drawn to her music. I'm a big fan of electronica, but what I especially like about Jessy's music is that it's a bit experimental. Her songs are sophisticated and meticulously crafted, and her melodies are a bit unusual and occasionally meander around in unpredictable ways. Her music isn't very immediate, but it's the kind of stuff I find myself coming back to over and over again. Anyway, Oh No is overall a pretty good album. I really like the faster beats on this album, especially songs like VV Violence and It Means I Love You. Some of the slower songs get kind of boring, unfortunately, and I think they could use with some more memorable hooks or something, but overall, the album flows along very nicely and is a fairly enjoyable listen.",0,0,"May 19, 2016"
10,"Probably one of my favorite releases of the year so far. From start to finish, this record takes you to a relaxing journey, giving it consistency for that matter and a sound very defined, while getting great collaborations from artists such as Tom Odell, Labrinth and folk duo Angus & Julia Stone. Highlights being Fiction, Firestone, Nothing Left, Fragile and For What It's Worth.",2,2,"May 24, 2016"
9,"This album is what one would expect from Kygo. It serves it purpose and exceeds in terms of the goal of his deep house/ tropical house mix. With songs like Oasis that could become potential hits, as well as Happy Birthday, shows Kygo's ability to understand what his audience wants, and the type of music it is looking for when it hears the name Kygo. This album will not wow you in terms of lyrics or critical acclaim, but it is perfect for the deep house/tropical house fan or someone that wants to hear some relaxing music.",1,1,"May 16, 2016"
6,"Consistency and repetitiveness are two different things. By releasing tracks that are relaxing and catchy but sounding the same. Kygo's Cloud Nine is a promising but safe debut from the DJ.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2016"
5,"A nice start for an emerging artist. The album promises very much in the beginning with its wonderful 'Intro' but fails tp do so. Kygo has a long way to go yet the album provides you a sense of relaxation.
Favourite track - Firestone",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
5,"This album is okay. It sometimes makes me feels bored and sleepy. This is a very different kind of EDM but not much of the good kind, it is sometimes lame and doesn't include much beats for a EDM album, not that much quality for a well known EDM star. This album is more of a relaxtion album, only when you have stress.",0,0,"May 31, 2016"
10,"Really interesting style. At first I dismissed this album for all the songs sounding the same, but once you listen to it more, it's a really awesome album. Awesome tropical house/pop sound. Awesome vocalists especially the collab with Foxes. Overall a great album for anyone's 2016 collection.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"FIRST ALBUM KILLED IT. All those genres are jammed together into a single album, just like they are within Celestin; he finds joy and fun in them all.",1,1,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Amazing album! I've been listening to Kaytranda for quite some time and he outdid himself with his debut album '99.9%' ! I have been listening to it for almost a month now and I'm still not tired of it. Every single track is catchy as hell and sticks in your mind all through the day :) The album is 50 - 50 % split between vocal tracks and instrumental tracks. Genres are diverse, but his signature sound can be found in all of them. As it is said in one of the skits from the album: 'It's musicality meeting the beats. From the chords and the basslines to the rhythms', the tracks form into one complete feel good trip. Luv it :))))",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
10,"Kaytra has single-handedly created his own genre. The man has taste. Despite the weather was a particular highlight for me. Love this sound. Great production value and and seriously good value for money.",1,1,"May 13, 2016"
7,"There are some grooves on the album that are totally 100% killing it, like you would expect from KAYTRANADA. Sadly, it is not consistently good and some beats feel a bit lifeless and flat. Still, good job.",0,1,"May  7, 2016"
9,"What 99.9% offers is a unique sound through Kaytranada's ability to blend genres (funk, hip hop, jazz, trap,neo-soul etc). All of which have been crafted in such a way that its musically pleasing and refreshing to hear, something so different from the norm yet exciting. Coupled with this, is an array of features  which really show Kaytranada's ability to tap into an artists' creative niche, while some certainly prove to be more compatible in working with Kaytranada than others, in terms of musical production, he really has hit a '99.9%' margin in terms of showcasing their capability. 99.9% is really true to its conceptual stand point, it's Kaytranada's uncertainty that's had him separated from 99.9% of other music producers. On the downside to this album, I feel as if a little bit more introspection through individual Kaytranada tracks could of been offered to showcase a bit more character. All in all, **** good album man.",0,0,"May  9, 2016"
8,"The Haitian-Canadian outfit Kaytranada has produced dozens of tracks and remixes over the years so it only seemed plausible that we finally see him release an original album, entitled 99.9%. This record is scattered with different genres stretching from jazz, hip-hop, house and even disco influences arise from it. You'd think it would sound like a mess right? Absolutely not.
Kaytranada demonstrates how incredibly versatile he is in his production combining the array of genres with different vocalists for different purposes.
The most jammy tracks on the record Got It Good, Drive Me Crazy, You're The One and the instrumental Lite Spots all hit the spot for me. They are incredibly consistent in quality yet so different from one another respectively; they are fun and engaging in their own particular way. Every vocalist (apart from Lite Spots which uses a sample from Gal Costa's 'Pontos De Luz') is solid on each track. It's pretty difficult to nail down which is my favourite out of the four! I think I'll go with Got It Good with Craig David, such a feel good track, but it is very tight. Always a good thing. In fact, You're The One could quite easily be a FIFA track. Not sure if he wants to go down that route though!
Then we have more laidback tracks like Bus Ride which have some really nice drums and strings, Glowed Up which is quirky in a good way and adds spice to the record. Weight Off, Together, One Too Many and Vivid Dreams are also solid tracks with pretty good instrumentation and yet more solid vocal performances. The consistency is really impressive. Bus Ride in particular has some fantastic placement of drums.
More instrumentals deriving from Track Uno, Despite The Weather and Breakdance Lesson N.1 highlights more of Kaytranada's production skills. Breakdance is the weaker of the three and in fact one of the weakest in the album, mostly because I feel that the track is a bit too long for liking. Could have been shortened to around three minutes. Track Uno which although is even longer in length justifies that because of the more prominent, continual change of textures, melodies and rhythms which keep it engaging for me. It isn't a bad track by any means, still quite good.
The last two tracks featuring Shay Lia and Little Dragon respectively are once again solid tracks. Leave Me Alone is a particular highlight on the record - the frothy yet tamed bass is brilliant and the vocals harmonise with it very well. Great track. Bullets is also pretty good, different from the rest once again but still has that Kaytranada touch.
And that's what makes this album so fantastic. Every track is unique in its own way yet retains the noticeable Kaytranada attitude across every single track, be it subtle or prominent. I notice how every snare, clap, click and hat for instance sounds slightly different from one another in each four bar loop - a technique he's been playing with for years. This is simply a fascinating way to maximise replayability on the album and it works wonders. Kaytranada's percussive synthesis in both execution and variation across the record is deeply impressive. The synthesizers he utilises are also typical of his sound and his style. Another noticeable element is the outros that are in a handful of the tracks which switch the chord progressions and sometimes sound like completely different songs. This is also another method to make each track even more interesting, and yet again he is successful in that regard. Although I will say they did confuse me at first!
My only gripes with this record is even though it's pretty cohesive, consistent and very engaging, there's not too many spectacular songs. They're all good, a few fantastic, but the only amazing songs I would classify are Got It Good, Lite Spots and Leave Me Alone. It needed that killer edge. I would have maybe taken out One Too Many just to squeeze one more fantastic or even amazing song in. And I also feel that Breakdance Lesson N.1 could have been shorter and instead Despite The Weather could have been longer.
All in all, a fantastic debut album by Kaytranada (with a few minor mishaps). After all these years of listening to his material, I am happy to see him pull off something as big as this really well. I am pretty excited to see what else he can offer in the future. The guy is very talented and very versatile in his production. One of the best records of 2016.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2016"
6,"Equal parts hip-hop producer and club hitmaker, the talented Mr. Kaytranada has a bright future, and it's not hard to tell from his 99.9% debut. Cool, experimental new-age jams, sweet-sung joints and arguably not enough rap spots make up the project. It's the perfect music for this generation, but it would have been better if more young progressive emcees showed.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2016"
9,"After having this on loop for the past 5 hours, I can safely say I think this album will stand out as one of the highlights from 2016. Quality never dips, just solid tunes and good vibes from start to finish.",0,0,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Even more electrifying than Electronica 1, full of wonderful songs (Pet Shop Boys, Yello, Lauper, Holter, Numan), complex in the arrangements and original in their structures but very catching, pop-like. Jarre approaches the style of every collaborator with stunning chameleonic abilities, but sounds are typical from Jarre. A few tracks are interesting proposals, representative from the current electronic scene (Peaches, Siriusmo, Mills). This is an album without conceptual or stylistic unity, but it does not pretend to be so. Listening to this brilliant work with attention to the infinite details is a unforgettable experience.",2,2,"May  7, 2016"
10,"Perfect album for this summer, play it in your car on the road to Florence, Rome or Ibiza, play it while running in the forest, or simply when alone at night with a glass of red wine (what i usually do while listening to new music).....i bet Guetta enjoys it too.....",1,1,"May 11, 2016"
9,"Great album. Really diverse. My favorite tracks are Electrees, As One, Circus, Switch on Leon and Swipe to the Right. Slightly more boring than first part. Make sure to watch album trailer too, because it's awesome.",0,0,"May  9, 2016"
10,"Right away, from Radio Silence, you know you're in for an experience. Those familiar with Blake know what it's like. Powerful, emotive and sometimes intense. He brings the same effect, but thanks to a more open approach (collaborations with Rick Rubin, Frank Ocean and Justin Vernon), it isn't just a repeat of his self titled and Retrograde. Moments likes 'Radio Silence', 'Timeless' and 'I Need a Forest Fire' reaffirm James Blake as one of the most unique artists of the 2010s.",5,5,"May  6, 2016"
10,"I admittedly have never heard a James Blake album before this one, and I'm very VERY impressed. My two highlights are F.O.R.E.V.E.R. and The Colour in anything. There are some songs that go past the standard 4-minute radio song, but that really shouldn't deter you. Every song holds your attention from start to finish, and the level of relatability in these songs is incredible. Everyone can find something to like in these songs, whether it's the deeply sentimental lyricism or the interesting and groundbreaking integration of hiphop influence.",4,4,"May  7, 2016"
10,"One of the most immersive and cinematic sonic experiences 2016 has to offer. Every track is immensely well written, and the production is next level. If you thought Overgrown was the best Blake had to offer, this album makes that album look pithy by comparison. 'I Need A Forest Fire' with Bon Iver is one of Blake's best and most immediate songs, besting Retrograde as Blake's best pop overture. Other tracks like 'Radio Silence' and 'Noise Above Our Heads' showcase Blake's tremendous vocal ability, and other tracks like 'Points' and 'Timeless' show just how great a producer he really is. As it stands, The Colour in Anything bests Lemonade to be my album of the year. We'll see if anything changes, but it probably won't.",4,4,"May  7, 2016"
10,"what a beautiful album.  Not a single weak song on the entire record, gets better and better with each listen.  Memorizing production.  REALLY wish kanye made the Timeless track but James Blake showed up 2 hours late to the studio bc his GPS took him to another location. lol. They never used Kanye's verse...",3,3,"May  9, 2016"
10,"personally, I was much a fan of Blake's first album, I really enjoyed these strange, unique and different sounds. Overgrown, despite its success (it won the Mercury Award) was an album regularly beautiful but with moments I wasn't all too fussed by at the same time, but I felt as well Blake was seriously using those vocals to great effect with his music. This new album for me is his true masterpiece. Here he combines the oddness of his self-titled first with the melodic beauty of Overgrown among gentle, gorgeous piano pieces - there are no naff moments here, just regular tear jerking, heart-wrenching, exciting ones. Enjoy one of the best albums of this year.",3,3,"May  8, 2016"
9,"Almost all of it is ridiculously gorgeous. Blake's craftsmanship is more mature, his voice warmer and his palette richer. The sounds take one deeper into Blake to reveal a bleak but colorful world, complete with deserts of ice, warm sands, deep woods and meadows. There is tremendous replay value here.",2,2,"May  7, 2016"
7,"His voice proves more beautiful than ever before, and it surely stands as the center of the album, but as James Blake expands the use of macro-ballads, he also loses the amazing tremors of post-dubstep that made his music as danceable as thought-provoking and deep. In the end, if his previous records evoked a sense of winter cold and its subsequent fire comfort, I feel this is his spring album: not as painstakingly freezing and not as chillingly warm.",2,2,"May  7, 2016"
10,"Another great album by James Blake. After being featuring on Beyonce's surprise Lemonade, Blake dropped this beautiful gem a few days later out of no where. This album has numerous unique sounds and vocals with great guest additions by Vernon and Ocean which make the album great. Blake is truly at the top of the electronic genre and puts his heart and soul into ALL of this music.
Highlights: f.o.r.e.v.e.r., A Colour in Anything, Love Me in Whatever Way",2,2,"May 11, 2016"
8,"Even though a little overlong, The Colour In Anything is the most acessible album that James Blake did so far. Blake's abilities as a songwriter make some cuts from The Colour almost universal. While the self-titled album and Overgrown are intense burst of feelings being opened up, The Colour In Anything feels more like a long night talk full of secrets with a friend.
Best Tracks: Radio Silence, Timeless, I Need a Forest Fire (ft. Bon Iver)",1,1,"May  8, 2016"
9,"James Blake is an ever-evolving artist who is always shaping his own sound, which has led to him releasing this amazing experience. It's tough to put this album into a genre because it crosses so many. It has influences spanning from dubstep, R&B, Pop, contemporary, and alternative. One thing I didn't know that I needed in my life until I listened to this album was a collaboration between Blake and Bon Iver. The track that they do together ('I Need a Forest Fire') is easily the highlight of the album and has become my favorite track of 2016. The composition is delicate, but so powerful. Blake and Bon Iver harmonize beautifully, suggesting that it is best to tear yourself down to become better.
My favorite tracks: Gosh! There are so many great tracks here, but my top three are: 'I Need a Forest Fire', 'Noise Above Our Heads', and 'Put That Away and Talk to Me'.",1,1,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Incredibly thats all i have to a say. A perfect synthesis of his sounds while at the same time expanding and maturing as an artist. Truly a masterpiece",11,12,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Since I've listened his music from the very beginning of his career, I'm again and again amazed by his progress. He apparently became a more open person and is dare to explore something that is so progressive, which no one has entered before. Feel absolutely blessed to live in the same era with him!!",6,7,"May  6, 2016"
10,"I have absolutely no words. This album is beautifully crafted and definitely going to be one of the best of this year. It's a must for anyone who can appreciate the electronic genre.",6,7,"May  5, 2016"
8,"Honestly it's kind of bloated and WAY too long...to listen to all of its 76 minutes in one go is border to impossible.Would benefit from trimming some fat but make no mistake,the great album is hiding in there somewhere.",5,7,"May  6, 2016"
6,"Too long, a couple of the piano ballads could be taken out, handful of other tracks could be cut down a minute or two aswell. Some of his best work yet is here though (I Need a Forest Fire, Timeless, Radio Silence), the body of work as a whole needs some of the fat trimmed, too much of this album bored me.",3,9,"May  9, 2016"
7,"Qual o maior pecado para um artista: arriscar demais ou permanecer sempre na zona de conforto? Se for muito longe pode acabar com a cara quebrada ao no conseguir encontrar o caminho certo. Se permanecer no mesmo lugar, corre o risco de se tornar montono e ultrapassado. A deciso  complicada, mas, felizmente, muitos artistas esto tomando a deciso correta como  o caso do britnico James Blake e o seu lbum, o interessante The Colour in Anything. Isso no quer dizer, porm, que o trabalho no tenha defeito, mas, na verdade, que consegue entregar o que promete.
Terceiro lbum da carreira do cantor, The Colour in Anything continua a mostrar a viso nica e poderosa que o cantor tem sobre o R&B e a msica eletrnica. Depois do timo e sombrio Overgrown, o artista parece buscar uma atmosfera mais leve e romntica. Todavia, quando se trata do cantor, no ache que essa sonoridade seja envernizada de sentimentos felizes e doces. Em sua sonoridade etrea que funde dezenas de influncias do soul com outras dezenas de msica eletrnica, especialmente as de origem underground, James tem o intuito de expressar um leque de emoes de uma maneira contemplativa, melanclica e com uma profundidade impressionante. Todas as inseres, nuances, ideias, texturas, batidas e qualquer som que o artista adiciona em cada faixa tem a funo de expressarem esses sentimentos to complexos e intricados. Infelizmente, nem sempre James acerta nessa jornada criada em The Colour in Anything.
Produzindo o lbum quase inteiramente sozinho, o lendrio Rick Rubin entra como co-produtor, James Blake erra ao arriscar demais em algumas faixas. Batidas que parecem que no combinam com o intuito da faixa, incluses de efeitos sonoros ou/e vocais que tiram a fora de momentos que poderiam ser avassaladores e duraes exageradas criam 'buracos' em The Colour in Anything. So tropeos que, infelizmente, comprometem o resultado final do trabalho, mas que de maneira alguma tiram o brilho da genialidade de James que quando acerta consegue entregar momentos magnficos e poderosos. Alm disso, o cantor tambm aposta em faixas mais simples e 'econmicas' em instrumentalizao. Esse  o caso da dramtica e bela Waves Know Shores sobre conhecer melhor uma pessoa. Dono de uma linguagem enxuta, precisa e metafrica, James  um compositor nico e de uma escrita avassaladora. Sentimentos em seus versos so transformados em poesia que no teme em se apoiar no recursos da repetio para criar o seu ponto de apoio, deixando bem claro a sua inteno de fixar as suas crnicas no pblico. Talvez, essa sua caracterstica seja um ponto questionvel, pois seria muito interessante ver composies mais elaboradas em questo de tamanho. Entretanto, o poder emocional presente j  suficiente para alcanar o objetivo de transcender. Dessa vez, James tem dois parceiros que co-escreveram quatro faixas: duas com Justin Vernon, da banda Bon Iver, e duas com Frank Ocean.  Dessas parcerias surgem dois grandes momentos: My Willing Heart (Ocean) e I Need A Forest Fire (com participao de fato de Bon Iver). Mesmo com alguns erros na produo vocal, James Blake continua a mostrar o poder da sua voz. Dono de um timbre completamente distinto que mistura uma fragilidade tocante com uma atmosfera sobriamente angelical capaz de embalar os sonhos de uma criana ou assombrar os piores dos pesadelos. The Colour in Anything termina como uma longa, densa, poderosa e envolvente, apesar de alguns tropeos, mostrando o imenso talento e coragem de James Blake.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
9,"The least surprising/shocking but the best album from James Blake. This seems to me like his definitve piece of work. He shows here again the minimalist and clean production style that has made him famous but with more vocals and at some points (for example on 'Always') more lightful and colourful vibes, a result of his perspective on getting out of his bedroom and the rainy UK weather to go the sunny L.A. and be more opened to collaborate with other artists. There are a few more 'experimental' moments here that grabbed my attention, like the stunning techno synths on 'I Hope My Life', that reminds how much I love the experimental side of Blake (take a look at the 200 Press EP). 'Radio Silence', 'Timeless' and 'I Need A Forest Fire' are songs that at this point don't surprise us coming from this amazingly talented guy, but they are still really captivating. The subtle bass drops on 'Points' are amazing as well. With this been said, I think this is a really long project, and I think that around 4 tracks could have been ignored since they are not especially relevant or really impressive, like 'Put That Away And Talk To Me', 'Waves Know Shores' or 'Noise Above Our Head'. But I think James Blake in any way did deceive with his third studio album.",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
8,"I've always been intrigued by James Blake, but I had never considered myself a fan. With this album, however, he's definitely won me over. As a producer, he is extremely gifted. His productions are experimental, nuanced, and intricate, while still being highly accessible. And as a singer, he has a lovely, smooth voice that is such a pleasure to listen to. The only criticism by critics that I agree with is that this album is rather long and could benefit from a fair amount of editing, but the songs are varied and flow together pretty well, and there's enough good stuff on here to constitute a fantastic normal-length album. This is an album that definitely warrants repeated listens, and though I've listened to it several times already, I feel like there's still a lot more to take in.
Standout tracks: Timeless, Noise Above Our Heads, Two Men Down",0,0,"Jun 18, 2016"
10,"James Blake's The Colour in Anything evokes a transcendent melancholia that actually brought me to tears. The production is incredibly rich, layered, and lush. Nearly every song on this 17 track album is perfectly conceived and occupies a space of its own. Blake's lyrics are often overt, but it works. The music is raw and no holds barred. It is an expression of a repressed sadness in all of us that ultimately ends on an uplifting note ('it's me who makes the peace in me').
This album marks the first time I've cried in 3 years. It is a cathartic and rewarding tour de force. Do it justice with quality headphones; it's a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2016"
2,"Big fan of Eno's ambient stuff, but this is very disappointing. Sounds like Eno has spent too much time rotting his brain with liberalism and anti-semitism and not enough time working on his music. Too bad.",0,2,"May  5, 2016"
9,"Really liking The Ship. Sort of an ambient vocal cross. Not quite sing-along music like his early vocal works, but certainly as entertaining. I've listened to it twice already, and look forward to hearing it again. Best listened through headphones to enjoy all of the subtleties and nuances. And of course, it's Eno! The production is superb. I give it a 9 (the only thing it seems to be missing is Danny Lanois).",0,0,"May  5, 2016"
1,"Even though I like electronic, alternative and indie music, I personally did not find it enjoyable to listen. Very few tracks were OK at most, but the rest are way below that.
Otherwise just got one more proof how detached from the real life critics reviews are at metacritic, or do they just collect only the ones with highest rate, on purpose? Cannot imagine regular listener who would give 90 to this compilation.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2016"
8,"Liked this album, some really good songs on it. Would recommend it to some friends, if they were into techno. Fabric 87 is definitely worth a listen if you're into electronica.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2016"
7,"Elasticity is a solid techno album by A Sagitturn. None of the tracks are bad, Telescopium is an intense standout. Slow Dive is a nice chill techno number.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2016"
9,"He looses himself up with Too Many Voices and creates as many quiet as frenetic moments, making it his most diverse and eclectic album to date. A wide range of influences/similarities can be noticed in this work (Ash Koosha, FKA Twigs, Ci An, Boots, The Haxan Cloak, Aphex Twin and even Madonna [on the first sounds of 'First Night']), and Alison Skidmore's vocals again prove to be an interesting element added to a wide array of truly high-quality music pieces.",1,1,"May  7, 2016"
7,"Andy Stott's music is often defined by its dark textures and somber moods which evoke deep feelings of isolation and longing from the listener. On 'Too Many Voices' many of those textures are removed and the emotion is essentially nonexistent. It's a different album than was expected and wanted from Stott, but it does have a plethora of great moments and I often find myself returning to it. It's a departure, one that feels unnatural...but sometimes being artificial can be spectacular.",1,1,"May  6, 2016"
6,"Honey, terceiro lbum da inglesa Katy B, est no meio do caminho entre ser um timo lbum e uma verdadeira decepo. Nem l, nem c. No  inesquecvel, mas passa longe de dispensvel. H muitos momentos mornos, mas h momentos que pegam no tranco e entregam o fogo necessrio. Honey, resumidamente,  agridoce.
A ideia central de Honey parece ser o de entregar uma sonoridade eletrnica/dance pop/R&B que consiga, ao mesmo tempo, eletrificante para as pistas e poder embalar coraes apaixonados e/ou quebrado. A melhor definio criada por mim para esse tipo de sonoridade  'msica para fazer danar e sofrer na pista de dana'. Apesar de ter todas as ferramentas e, de certa forma, alcanar o objetivo, Katy B no consegue encontrar uma maneira de fazer o lbum soar melhor do que uma bem intencionada e redondinha coleo de faixas bem produzidas. Ao chamar uma lista de respeito de produtores/artistas com o melhor do eletrnico underground da cena britnica, mas que, infelizmente, nunca encontram a receita perfeita para elevar a qualidade geral do lbum. Com batidas cleans e bem conduzidas, Honey careceu de uma mo mais forte para elevar as canes como  o caso do single Who Am I que tem com um dos produtores o Diplo. A faixa aposta fortemente em uma atmosfera R&B e uma composio forte e, tambm, viciante. Um ponto positivo em Honey  as suas composies que em momento nenhum caem no lugar comum ou se apoiam em clichs bobos. Entretanto, ainda faltou certa potencia criativa para mostra um lado mais visceral e marcante das crnicas sobre amor e desiluses. Um bom exemplo disso  a faixa Heavy que  um trabalho lrico elogivel, mas que poderia render mais com as aparadas de algumas arestas. O que  uma constncia em Honey  a prpria Katy B que transita entre as todas as facetas do lbum, das canes danantes at as mais 'paradas', com um graa, elegncia e versatilidade reconfortantes, aliando ao fato do seu timbre vocal ser deliciosamente delicado e meldico. Outros bons momentos do lbum so Chase Me, Lose Your Head e verso solo de Turn the Music Louder. Espero que Katy B no fique parada nesse caminho, mas que possa no futuro andar alguns quilmetros.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
8,"As a whole this record is better and a lot more consistent than Bates' debut studio effort, but there is no match for some of his best songs like Capsize and IFUKINGLOVEYOU. It's OK and Strange Cakes are a pair of really lovely songs, though, and RCVR is a fantastic 80's throwback with an immensely catchy vocal line and great drums. Overlord is something different entirely, with more Scandinavian-leaning beats, and the song Well My Heart even borders on Americana, but somehow mixes that in with the signature electro sound that the Big Black Delta project has become known for. No masterpiece, but recommended nonetheless.",0,0,"May 14, 2016"
9,"Along with the first album 'Lost Themes II' manages to bring to life the sound of the 80's horror/sci-fi soundtrack. Totally engaging and riveting stuff.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2016"
10,"Let me start with a visual:
You're in a retro 70's Bar, kind of like a Good Times theme and you're a guest, feathered hair, rounded glasses, collar up, and rocking your best bell bottom jeans.
As you stay in this 70's bar, these performers begin to play the piano (Do It, Try It), the saxophone (Go!, Walkway Blues, Road Blaster), and even an old dusty harmonic (Sunday Night 1987). The audience, along with you are just clapping along and having a great time!
You can't help but feel this free, good hearted energy when listening to this album, like you've stepped into a sitcom with Henry Wrinkle, Goldie Hawn, and John Ritter.
I really appreciate this album because it's not being made to sell to the most current audience like most artists. It's for every generation, ranging from late 60's to 2016!
If you're reading this, and are questioning whether M83 carries Hurry up into this album, the answer is no they did not. This is totally different from their previous work and it's unique and special for that specific reason. The featured artists on this album raise this record to new heights. All in all, M83 does what they do best, they take their listener on a trip into a different world, and in this case, a retro space ride through the galaxy!",9,9,"Apr  9, 2016"
8,"Updating and adding some stuff to my review: Exceeded my expectations a bit. I was a bit leery from the lukewarm reception at first and didn't know what to expect. I expected a mediocre album from him for the first time. Anthony always releases quality music and I was afraid this would be his first flop... But it's not.
Everything is great: the interludes, the guest tracks (save for maybe 'Go!'), and the solo tracks as well. There's a little bit of everything going on here and if you love the tacky and over-the-top things of the 80's, you'll love it. I love all tracks on here and I'd recommend them all, but I'd have to say the best are 'Walkway Blues,' (funky) 'Road Blaster' (also funky and like 'Midnight City'), 'Solitude' (romantic), and 'Sunday Night 1987' (emotional).
It feels very mellow and bluesy but has this 70's and 80's charm that is so cute and irresistible. It's definitely different than anything he's ever done before but you can tell he really spend quite a while on this album. 'Walkway Blues' is probably the greatest song I've heard this year and is particularly recommended. Just don't go in expecting another Saturday=Youth or HUWD and I think you'll love it",4,4,"Apr 10, 2016"
9,"Aunque no es un lbum pico como lo fueron, Dead Cities, Red Seas & Lost Ghosts o Hurry Up, We're Dreaming, es realmente fascinante.
Se nota la influencia de la dcada de los 80's en cada sonido, es mgico el sonido que han logrado para este lbum desde el primer al ultimo tema.
Creo que los puntos mas altos del lbum son 'Time Wind' con Beck y 'Do It, Try It '",3,3,"Apr  8, 2016"
9,"What a charming and lighthearted record! I really love it. I for one am glad he's taking a break from his customary sound, it was getting a bit suffocating. This feels like a breath of fresh air. Hopefully one that will invigorate him for even greater records in the future.",2,2,"Apr 14, 2016"
7,"I am kinda sure that almost nobody will love this album as much as M83 previous works, but the mood here is completely different. Although I knew this was gonna sound different, I couldn't help expecting to hear some of the M83 epic, dramatic and atmospheric sound I'm used to. But then I realized this is a more colourful and lightful sound. It is a genuine depiction of the cheesy sounds of the 80s. There are so many topics. There is a constant happy vibe thoughout the whole project, especially this funny song called Moon Crystal, that sounds like something it would be played on an 80s TV program when they cut to a screen that says Technical difficulties. Please, stand by. But also there are songs that will please the old fans, like Solitude, one of the bests and a reminder of the last album, HUWD. The production sounds clean and polite. I love the progressive rock chords on Tension, so nostalgic to me. With that being said, I still think this will not age as one of M83 best works. Do It, Try It sound generic to me, like some other songs. Not a solid first single. But I still consider that, with time, maybe more songs on Junk will grow on me.",2,2,"Apr 10, 2016"
10,"From the first minute to the last...
Thank You Anthony & Co.
M83 Rules!!!
Such Amazing sound production, magic and pasion that I feel with this album.
80's Sound means a lot for me. And this is a letter love to all that decade represents..... PURE MAGIC.
Without dubt, sorry....10 out 10",6,7,"Apr  8, 2016"
1,"Very disappointing album. Production value is very high, but songs are just terrible and interludes sound like some generic music from supermarket or elevator, nothing original, fresh or M83-ish in this. I understand what Anthony wanted to achieve, how much he wanted to get this 80s cheesy sound, but for someone like me, who loves M83's older albums (Before the Dawn Heals Us is a masterpiece) it has nothing to do with what I expected to get. It has nothing to do with M83 I love.
And when I read interviews with Anthony it seems for me that he takes all criticism from general audience too seriously. Instead of catering to those fans who love his work and listen to his albums from beginning to end he is annoyed by the fact Midnight City was the only song that was played on the radio. Why should you care, Anthony? People that love music don't throw 90% of albums away, they listen to it all.
To be honest, for me it seems like Anthony had no idea what he wants to do next so he made a couple of unrelated songs and added some ideology to it, like it's a **** you to critics' or 'a criticism of modern music industry'. What happened, Anthony? Again, why should I care about music industry? Why you should care about music industry? I just wanted you to take me on another journey...
One more thing: Anthony expressed in interviews that he wanted to go away from Midnight City and it's success. But instead of going back to full blown and epic post-rock he went more into disco and pop? Sorry, Anthony, but hear Midnight City all over Junk and it has nothing to do with M83 I love. At least on Hurry Up, We're Dreaming I could enjoy 'Outro', 'My Tears Are Becoming a Sea', 'Intro' and 'This Bright Flash'. Here? There is nothing for me. It's not the M83 I love.",3,13,"Apr  9, 2016"
1,"The name of the album pretty much sums it up.  This was the worst album I've heard all year.  I rarely rate an album this low but I hated it.  Shockingly bad compared to their first effort which I enjoyed quite a bit.",0,1,"Jun 22, 2016"
5,"First of all, I must admit that M83 is one of my favourite bands - probably even my most favourite band. I really like all of their Albums, some are only quite okay (Digital Shades), some are extremely nice to listen (Self-titled-album, Dead Cities, Saturdays = Youth) and some are absolutely great (Before the Dawn and especially Hurry Up, We're Dreaming - my favourite Album, not only by M83, but in general). The soundtrack works are also really interesting.
And then, there is Junk. I would really like to call this another great M83 Album, but I just can't...
Yes, there are some really cool Songs on Junk, for example my favourite track, Road Blaster - it's probably the closest Anthony comes to the synth-pop-heights of Midnight City and Reunion. Also the instrumental tracks The Wizard and Tension are really great and remind me of one of the reasons why I love M83 so much: Beautiful and emotional synth melodies, carefully and thoughtfully arranged and produced.
Solitude is kind of the dark horse of the Album, reminds me of the emotional M83 songs like Wait, Outro or Farewell/Goodbye - though it does not transport the same amount of emotion for me.
Then there are the songs that are still quite okay and nice to listen: Do It, Try It, Go!, Walkway Blues (which has great verses and a very interesting instrumental part in the end, but an incredibly awful vocoder-sung-chorus), Time Wind and Bibi the Dog (another vocoder-experiment in the middle section that has gone completely wrong)
Laser Gun starts quite okay, but in the end it turns into a real awful mess. Sunday Night 1987 is a bit boring and doesn't give me the goosebumps that I expect from M83's music. The two other ballads, For the Kids and Atlantique Sud, are just awful, they sound like some stereotypic clich-loaden-ballads that could be performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, but not on a M83-album.
All in all, Junk is not completely bad but it can not stand for my high expectations. There are some great ideas, even some great wole songs, but also a lot of... yeah, Junk.
I often missed the old M83-feeling on this record: Where are the power, the deep emotion and the epic soundscapes of songs like Unrecorded, Teen Angst, We Own the Sky, Wait and Outro? Where are the catchy and beautiful melodies of Sitting, Kim and Jessie, Couleurs, Midnight City and Reunion?
Let's just hope, Anthony will bring them back very soon...",0,1,"Apr 10, 2016"
9,"Outside of the cornball elevator-music interludes (reminds me of the royalty-free music I used to use for corporate videos, ick), this is actually a really infectious record. Lots of fun standout tracks, wearing their 80s influenced heart on their sleeves. I think given time and space this underrated album will grow in popularity, perhaps the lower score is more a visceral reaction to this record not being 'Hurry Up...'",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"I can't stress this more......but please ignore the naysayers on this. I've been a fan of M83 since the beginning and Junk doesn't in any 'ruin' their 'sound'. It's just different. It's the purest of pop music, but done by somebody with a hyper musical intelligence. Beginning to end, the songs have more life, more character and more warmth than most records could only dream of, Album of the year? It's a damn strong contender.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2016"
8,"I am not sure why there's so much disdain for this album.  While the best song on the last album was better than any of these, this album is more consistently good throughout, and has the feel of a concept album.  It's a grower, but it grows fast.  As for rehashing the 80's... maybe it is a bit cliche now, but there's something fresh about M83's interpretation of it, and no one else has managed to make it as convincing as this, or reached for the melodic quality of that Duran Duran/Depech Mode niche that M83 can truly explore and compliment.  Nothing to 'high art' about this either.  It's just entertainingly good and casting a clever wink, everything from album cover to album title.  It's good!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
8,"Uninhibited and beautiful from end to end with an occasional glimmer of the blood bond between Junk and Hurry Up. Whilst the transition of pace through the album sometimes feels awkward, Junk is a mesmerizing, dynamic and polished train I simply don't want to get off.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"Like it or not M83 is such certain type of bands only classified under a  genre called M83,,,,,,,,, no one like them    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 15, 2016"
7,"After 5 years of expectations, M83 brings us 'Junk', their worst (but yet most interesting) album to date. This record sounds like a well-produced space parody of the 70's and 80's. Although this emulation can be hard to digest at first, the record gets stronger after some spins. Along its 15 tracks and 55 minutes, 'Junk' sometimes sounds like a collection of jokes; some of them are going to make you laugh, while others are going to bore you.
Best Tracks: Do It, Try It; Solitude; Laser Gun; Bibi The Dog",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
9,"Wow 5 years since their last album! Where has the time gone?! M83 doesn't ever disappoint and this album definitely channels the 80's theme that they were going for. It's a little mainstream but has some sick beats that M83 fans will enjoy over the summer! Some of the songs are a little over blown, but that's what some of the 80's was! Great album!
Dance, sad, chill.
Highlights: 'Do it, Try It': 'For the Kids', 'The Wizard', and 'Time Wind' because of Beck...anything with Beck is great.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
7,"M83 uses as many nostalgic samples as possible on this new project.  It it weird, risky, but it also works . . . usually.  Most of the time I felt like I was back in the 80s pop/new wave scene.  I give M83 props for being different, but it just wasn't quite consistent enough to compare to Midnight City.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
8,"I love this album and can't get why it's got so many negative reviews. I feel many people have this absurd expectation towards how M83 SHOULD sound, but M83 made what most didn't expect which results in something fresh and exciting, which I personally love. It's over the top (in a good way) and filled with spectacular songs with great collaborations.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
7,"It's fun! I had a fun time listening to this album. It's nothing special, but if I'm in need of a pick-me-up this album can do the trick. Don't have much else to say about it.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2016"
9,"The album is incredibly fun, but also very dense with many jazzy chords and catchy melodies.
It's certainly not for everyone, however you owe it to yourself to give it a shot, bright synth melodies paired with strong vocalists such as Beck and Mai LAN make almost all tracks each their own.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
9,"When bands experience such radical changes in direction as M83 do here, they are bound to divide fans and critics who were used to their earlier work - this is like nothing they have ever made. Rather than replicating the epic scope of Hurry Up, We're Dreaming, Junk gives you Anthony Gonzalez at his most personal.
Do It, Try It is one of M83's most feel-good songs, with funky piano riffs yet still an echo of M83's previous work, while Go!, Walkway Blues and Road Blaster all take over from Midnight City and it's epic sax solo. For The Kids, one of my personal favourites, shows the mature side of the album in comparison with the 80's Sitcom Theme-Tune that is Moon Crystal.
While some were calling for Solitude to be the next James Bond theme, Mai Lan thrust herself into the spotlight with appearances on Go!, Laser Gun, Atlantique Sud and Bibi the Dog. Beck features on Time Wind, sliding seamlessly into the album's setup, and the Instrumentals keep the mood of the album together fabulously well, with The Wizard and Sunday Night 1987 starring.
It's not a perfect album by any means, but it's something refreshingly different from what M83 have done in the past, and by that means I think that in a few years time, M83 fans will be able to see its merits. Until then I suggest you Do It, Try It.
Highlights:
Do It, Try It - Go! (feat. Mai Lan) - Laser Gun (feat. Mai Lan) - For The Kids (feat. Susanne Sundfr) - Road Blaster",0,0,"Aug 18, 2016"
9,"Really awesome album. Very 80's and I like it a lot, very different from their previous albums but it works. Can't wait for more M83 music in the future.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
9,"I can understand some disappointment from people who were expecting another HUWD album or something like that.  Junk is not HUWD, its very different but I don't think different has to mean bad.
I will admit the first time I heard Do it, Try it I was really confused and a little disappointed.  This was nothing of the m83 I was used to.  However, after giving it and the rest of the album more than just one listen, I am actually really pleasantly surprised.
The album in general is really enjoyable to listen to now in my opinion.  Walkaway Blues is a must listen to and definitely my favorite song on the album.  Jordan's voice in this track works perfectly and is haunting among a very funky track.  The interlude tracks are really nice as well.  Moon Crystal, a song that I first thought was just cheesy is actually really well put together and doesn't feel too long or overdrawn.  The Wizard is a song that I almost wish had lyrics but the track itself is really nicely done as well.  Ludivine is very haunting as well and almost has a coldplay-like feel to it.
The song that really surprised me both in a bad way at first was.  When I first heard Bibi the dog I literally just shut my computer...I hated .  But after getting used to it I really like all of the background instrumentals in it and I love Mai Lan's voice.
Overall, Junk is definitely a different album than all of m83's previous ones and it definitely took a little bit of getting used to.  But after listening to the album a few times through I can say that it is now on repeat and getting stuck in my head
Highlights: Walkaway Blues, Laser Gun, Moon Crystal, The Wizard",0,0,"Apr 14, 2016"
8,"Provides an electric feel, and definitely a gorgeously produced album. Some songs are a bit repetitive, but M83 has done a great job, from its awesome saxophone solos to the hardcore 80's vibe. 8/10",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
5,"I've been waiting for this album for five long years.  I'm an M83 fan, tried and true.  I saw them live in 2012 and pre-purchased tickets for this year's tour.  My license plate says 'ILUVM83'.  About a month ago I listened to Do It, Try and that's when my concern started.
I understand what Anthony is trying to do here.  He is a brilliant artist in my opinion.  Since Hurry Up, We're Dreaming was released, my love for the album continues to grow.  Just when I think I'm going to be tired of it, I'm not.  Practically every song on HUWD was a masterpiece.  Shockingly, Midnight City is actually my least favorite song on HUWD.
This is a review of Junk though.  I've listened to the whole album about four times now hoping it will grow on me.  When I first listened to the album I was in my car cracking up because I thought 'you've done it again, Anthony'.  I'd never heard anything like it since the 70s and 80s.  Only, as the album wore on, I started to become more and more disappointed.  I understand artists doing a 180 during their career to try a different sound; but, the nostalgia of this album fades fairly quickly.
HUWD had heavy New Wave and 80s pop influences.  The reason it worked is because people enjoyed/enjoy New Wave and 80s pop today.  Junk, on the other hand, borrows from 80s elevator music and TV show themes.  How many people do you know look back longingly on elevator music and TV show songs and say, 'wow, I miss that music'?  You don't have to answer, because the question is rhetorical.
This my biggest problem with Junk.  In HUWD and Saturdays = Youth, sure there were hints of 80s pop and New Wave sound, but you knew you were listening to new music.  However, when listening to Junk, there are some songs you would have no idea were released past the year 1990.  For example, when I listened to Moon Child for the first time, I couldn't believe how old it sounded; and not in a nostalgic way.  The best review I've read on this album was from T. Cole Rachel from Pitchfork.  He says, 'this kind of pure homage to slick '70s and'80s FM ephemera is so exacting in places, it almost makes you wonder: What is the point of remaking this into something new?'  Herein lies my problem with Junk.  The music is so closely copied to its source of inspiration, there is nothing new and enjoyable about it.
The sole gem from the album is Solitude.  I find it's beautiful strings and minimalist lyrics refreshing.  On first listening, I had to Google to see if it was going to be used in an upcoming James Bond film.  The epic nature of the track reminded me of so many former Bond songs and I can see myself adding the song to one of my staple playlists.
Is Junk a cool album?  Sure.  Does it reflect how much influence Anthony Gonzales takes from the 1980s?  Absolutely.  Will it stand the test of time for replay factor?  Not for me.
I've probably put too much expectation in this album for it to perform as well as HUWD.  All the HUWD remixes from other artists and the film soundtracks M83 composed between 2012-2015 kept me going between the release of HUWD and Junk.  I will have to continue to revisit those songs as I wait for the next M83 studio album that will hopefully come sooner than in another five years.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
10,"The best album of 2016 so far. The riffs in this album are consistently catchy with my favourite being 'Do it, Try it' which features glossy synths and a high stepping drum beat. The lyrics in this album are based on some kind of space journey. This album also features an array of guest appearances from artists such as Beck and Susanne Sundfr.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2016"
4,"this album is something complety different of the previous music by M83, i love the old m83 but this is no good at all, i hope they releases good music in the future.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
10,"Let's be perfectly honest, this album is pretty ridiculous at some points. Moon Crystal sounds like something you'd get in a Nintendo game, while Go! would feel quite at home in an elevator and Solitude bombards you with an insane key-tar solo. Meanwhile, the album displays so much contrast, with the haunting lyrics and vocals in For The Kids and the blissful calm of The Wizard and Tension slowing the whole crazy experience down. But that's what it is: this album is an experience.
It delights in its ridiculousness, showing no shame as it puts that huge, childish smile on your face. Moon Crystal may sound like the music to a kid's video game, but it really doesn't care. It's so infective, so catchy and so god-dam happy that it powers to the end, and therefore I don't care either. Solitude is one of the most surreal and yet beautiful things I've ever heard, with its subtle piano chords and soft vocals sedating you, before you're left to appreciate the ridiculously epic and epically ridiculous key-tar solo that would feel out of place anywhere else -- but not here.
Meanwhile, over in For The Kids, M83 demonstrates that they can be equally as mature and wise as they can be immature and naive, with powerful, painful lyrics and tender vocals that sound like to me like a mother, at the same time hopeless and hopeful. And at the last track we have a beautifully melodic and understated piece: Sunday Night 1987 is essentially a ballad, with its slow lullaby-esque vocals singing us gently to sleep, before the powerful ending bows the album out. But it's played on a harmonica, because remember, this is Junk -- nothing's too ridiculous and, with enough conviction, anything's beautiful.
Junk is where mad melodies, swaggering beats, synth-pop symphonies and an unmatchable appreciation and wisdom for music take centre stage. It forces you to dance like a child and then contemplate your existence, before putting you into a state of elation -- all the while with a huge grin on your face. It's like a collaboration between J S Bach and the Pet Shop Boys, only if both were 10 years old. And, amazingly, it's one of the most enjoyable and joyous things I've ever listened to.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2016"
7,"French synthpop, dreampop band led by Anthony Gonzalez 7th LP. Coming from a well accepted album `Hurry up, we're dreaming, which had a few pretty great songs but for me too much pointless tracks, the band had a lot of pressure on releasing this LP. Three long years later, Anthony and the rest surprise everyone with an album entitled `Junk. The name was given in order to criticize the fact that the big majority of people listen only to 2 o 3 songs of each albums, not giving attention to the rest. And, ironically, M83 has given reasons in the opposite direction with this LP. `Junk, formed by 15 songs, encourage people to only listen to a few tracks by having to much junk, too much pointless songs. Just to clear out, everyone can like this pointless songs, indeed I like some of them, when I say they are pointless Im thinking about the global context of the album and the band.
As always the M83 LP reinvent the vintage pop from the mid 70s, mid 80s with typical saxo, guitar and harmonica solos from that decade. As always M83 deligth us with some extraordinary instrumentation and production. However, the vocals disappointed me very much in several songs like `do ti, try itor Sunday night 1987 but the worst part was, as always, the lyrics. Putting aside the vocals, `Junk has some good dance songs like Do it, try it, `Go! (awesome guitar solo of Nicols Fromageau) and `Laser gun (this last two with the collaboration of the french singer  MAI LAN). It also has a big list of ballads like `Solitude and `For the kids (with Sussane sundfor) with great instrumental solos from the 80s. Although I really enjoy this two I mention, there are a few ballad tracks that left over like `Moon crystal and `Atlantique sud. My personal favourite song is Walkaway bluesin which digital M83 sound and retro sound are combined together perfectly.
My conclusion is that Anthony Gonzalez has once again shown that he is a creator genius and that Nicolas is an awesome soloist, but they have to keep working on vocals and LP filling.
I give this album a 7,2.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2016"
7,"Considering my present taste in music, i think this is Moderat's best work so far. They created some really nice club music from start to finish, that will make you stand up and dance. It has some weak spots, when some songs become more sleepy than enjoyable. But songs like 'Reminder' and 'The Fool' which have those really nice synths and rythms that will cast a spell on you. All in all, there is not much to say about the overall production. When it comes to enjoyment though, i think everyone will see this album differently. For me, i enjoyed it :)",0,0,"May 13, 2016"
5,"Sheer energy can't inflate flat ideas. The loftier songs (The Dictator Decides, Sad Robot World, Twenty-Something) are bogged down by lyrical oversimplifications, which is sad to see, considering the Pet Shop Boy's track record with smart, cerebral lyrics. The best songs are the ones that toss aside nuance and go for straight pop (Say it to Me, Burn, Groovy). Those songs succeed on their own terms, but lack that wry intellect that makes PSB really special. More 'electric' than Electric, maybe, but definitely not better. Electric was a triumph, this feels more like an Electric b-side and remix disc.",1,1,"Apr  8, 2016"
9,"Petheads hoping for many heart wrenching ballads about love and loss are playing the wrong album, this is mostly all UP and BOUNCING! Only 'Sad Robot World' and 'The Dictater Decides' are slower tracks the rest are aimed at the dance floor. This is not a particularly lyrically dense album at all compared to many of their releases but it is completely infectious dance music. I listened to it as background music the first couple of times to get used to the tunes then played it listening more carefully to the vocals once the tunes were under my skin, perhaps a good way to get used to such a dance music based album. Favorite track right now is 'Happiness'.",2,3,"Apr  1, 2016"
6,"I've been a PSB fan since I was 9 years old and own all their albums.  My first introduction to PSB was through West End Girls of course, but I fell in love with 'Actually' due to the melodic yet interesting song subjects.  Don't get me wrong, the production on this album is slick and wonderful, but that's all it is.  Gone are the songs you'd remember.  There are some nice electronic, modern synths at work here but it's missing the songs that made PSB more than just 'club bangers'.  Perhaps the standout tracks are 'The Dictator Decides' which might remind you a bit of 'This Must Be the Place...' from Behaviour, 'Inner Sanctum' which is a nice idea, but sounds like an excerpt rather than a full song, and 'The Pop Kids' which is a semi-autobiographical fictional piece that harkens back to the sounds of 'It's Alright'.  A solid 6 for great production work, but you'd expect nothing less from PSB and their collaborators.",2,3,"Apr  1, 2016"
3,"I'm a big fan but I find this almost unlistenable.   These aren't songs as much as beats with on the nose lyrics.  It's difficult to believe PSBs wrote these songs and lyrics.",1,2,"Apr  6, 2016"
6,"Being a huge fan of Pet Shop Boys for almost 25 years now I'm pleased to see that each of their new work is generally up to date, keeping the very essence of the duo and engaging the bits off modern trends in sound. However I tend to focus on negative side this time and for me this album lacks subtlety in melodies and - good grief - yes, in lyrics (which I couldn't imagine ever before). What is ok for a song every now and then is sorta flop for an album which this one, in my opinion, is.
Talking about highlights - Burn, Happiness, Into Thin Air.",1,2,"Apr  5, 2016"
6,"I haven't heard a PSB album since Behaviour that has had a strong set of tracks, with real emotional content and brilliant song-writing. Every album (including Very) since then has some had a few stand-out tracks (ok maybe not for Release or Bilingual), and then lots of 'floor-filler'. For instance, we have the uplifting Say It to Me, which sounds like something you would have heard at Creamfields about 15 years ago, and then you get passed on to a real electronic bore, like Burn and Pazzo. Pop Kids has a great hook, but not sure about the verse lyrics - totally cringe.
So yet again, here's another PSB album I'm going to listen to only once a year, whereas I still can't stop listening to their 'early stuff'. Here's hoping that unless they have some more magic up their sleeves before their well-deserved retirement, they do please 'disappear into thin air'.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
9,"Great second part to the PSB | Stuart Price trilogy of albums. Nice progression from Electric. Far from being impressed that their careers have lasted this long, these last two albums reconfirm much of what fans have always enjoyed about their output, and they sound cracking musically and lyrically.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2016"
8,"As already the name says: it is SUPER. Not the album expected for the thirty years of one of the largest (if not the most) pop duo of all time, but it is an exquisite work.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
8,"This is definitely Bibio's best album since Ambivalence Avenue. On Silver Wilkinson and Mind Bokeh, the low points were much lower than the lows on this album. However, the high points don't fully match the top points of Silver Wilkinson (You, A tout a lheure, You Won't Remember) and Mind Bokeh (Anything New, Take Off Your Shirt, Feminine Eye). My personal top tracks are Petals, Town and Country, and Wren Trails, the latter which resembles an old Bibio track to the core.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2016"
9,"Leaves you lost in a perpetuating state of transcendent meditation, whether you realise it or not. This is The Field's most unflinchingly hypnotic album yet, with very little changes in rhythm or pitch throughout any of the songs, to the point where just a mere pitch-shift itself feels like a massively satisfying payoff",0,0,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"Give this multiple listens to hear  the ingenious use of the analog synths and the raw drums. There is so much going on this album. This is refreshing and highly entertaining.  Can not stop listening to it. Best album so far this year. Any fan of great 80s music should appreciate.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2016"
7,"There's a nice retro feel to this EP. A great warmup for an LP. I look forward to listening to the LP and I advise you listen to this EP in the meantime.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2016"
10,"where bossa nova is shown even in the more calmer songs. The disc maybe won't fascinate by it's quality but here can be found also some distinctive, subdued songs such as 'Streets Bloom', acoustic and stirring 'Palha' or a little exuberant 'Asfalto e Sal'.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
9,"Underworld's work is, at the same time, both iconic and underrated. Most people know the British electronica duo as the authors of the 'Trainspotting' theme a landmark in EDM and rave culture, but care to see well beyond this particular piece. Outlandish. 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' proves once again that the band's talent is unlimited, and adds a whole new set of great songs to their repertoire. Songs which prove that, at almost 60 years-old, both Rick Smith and Karl Hyde aren't outdated. No. They are very much alive and up-to-date, despite continuing on with an eclectic formula that started back in 1993, with 'Dubnobasswithmyheadman'. Of course, having aged and survived dark times (check out Consequence of Sound's interview with Karl Hyde), the duo's sound has had a few trade-offs: less raw energy, more focused brilliance (e.g. 'If Rah' and 'Low Burn'); less boisterous beats, more mellow notes (e.g. 'Ova Nova' and 'Nylon Strung'). Nonetheless, it is still quintessential Underworld, at its finest. Calling a recent album 'a timeless piece of art that will endure the test of time' may seem a little misplaced, even reckless. This is not the case: 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' will certainly achieve it. See you in ten years!",1,2,"Mar 18, 2016"
6,"Unfortunately Underworld lost their energy. Its a soft album. The thing that fascinated me, which used to be the energy mixed with hypnotic states, is no longer here. A Hundred Days Off was already less powerful. Barking was definitely one step down for me. Too 'melodic'. I hope they can come back to 'the good old days'. Still have hope. Despite this, I will listen to Barbara more carefully. I might be wrong...",0,4,"Mar 21, 2016"
0,"A real disappointment! Each song sounds the same, all in the same dreary tempo. It's amazing that the same band that released Beaucoup fish and other amazing albums has written this sleeper.",0,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"My real rating is an 8, but I've given a 10 to counteract the rubbish '1' in red that some idiot gave this.  This album isn't in the same league as Toughest in the Infants, and and there aren't the same wow-level earworms like Slippy or Pearl's Girl, but it is much better than anything that came afterwards and I can easily see 'I Exhale' featured in the opening credits of Danny Boyle's sequel to Trainspotting.  It's coming, and we all know it would be incomplete without an Underworld montage.  This album is both immediately satisfying and a grower.  EDM needs more 'intellectual' artistry, and this carries that torch.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"This album is beautiful electronica. Each track shimmers and shines with grace and poise. It's awesome that musicians who've been recording this long (35 years if you include Freur) can still come up with such amazing, original, inspiring music.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
1,"A shameless attempt to cash in on the success of The Force Awakens by mixing the obnoxious bland pop aesthetics of today with random SFX/dialogue from the classic Star Wars films. Most of the tracks don't feel inspired at all by Star Wars. Just...why?",1,1,"May 11, 2016"
8,"This an extremely cool album! Definitely worth downloading! I listen to it every night. If you are a fan of Star Wars, you should definitely have the Star Wars Headspace album!!",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
7,"It's surprising that after the onslaught that was Harlem Shake in early 2013, the man behind that tune Baauer has gone on to be completely hidden within the public eye and keep Harlem Shake only a song known as the biggest meme of 2013 rather than his own piece of work. However, if you do follow the trap/EDM Baauer has continued to stay relevant thanks to multiple singles and EP's (plus the remixes he's done for the likes of Shlohmo, Flosstradamus, and Disclosure) working with the likes of Jay-Z and AlunaGeorge. With his fans curious to hear of a possible debut album rumored for a while now, Baauer finally reveals his new project Aa (pronounced double A) grabbing together the likes of Pusha T, Future, G-Dragon, Rustie, and M.I.A. along with new talent emerging onto the indie scene. The biggest goal Baauer seems to be setting for Aa, is to show people that he's more than a one hit wonder with a song known only for countless YouTube videos of a meme. So does Baauer deliver on that goal set?
For the most part he does, while Aa has it's flaws it does showcase Baauer as a much more skilled and diverse producer than what was showcased in 2013. Full of party bangers and experimental tunes, Aa is an enjoyable listen for those looking for some head-bobbing grooves and slick melodies.
Let's start with the lyrics since they're the quickest considering this album doesn't want to focus on anything deep, the themes that run throughout Aa are typical for this brand of EDM. Whether it's flossing and being a total bad-ass on 'Temple' or dancing hard in the club on 'Make it Bang' (a song ready to be played on future World Star twerk videos) then we get 'Kung-Fu' which is really about drug dealing and cooking drugs rather than actual martial arts. The only time the lyrics actually attempt something introspective is on 'Way from Me' as it focuses on two people taking a chance with love even despite possible consequences.
Thankfully, the lyrics work thanks to the guest stars. Once the instrumental heavy first half is through, Baauer calls on his famous friends to finish off the second half, and he manages to utilize them well enough. Whether it's the verses from M.I.A. and G-Dragon on 'Temple' or the soothing vocals from Tirzah on 'Way from Me' then we get Novelist delivering a solid verse before getting shoved from the spotlight by a fiery verse and hook from Leikeli47 on 'Day Ones' even Future has a few clever lines and doesn't annoy me as usual on his hook for 'Kung-Fu' they all work great with the instrumentals. However, there are a few weak points with the guests most notably with TT the Artist drowned out in the mix on 'Make it Bang' or Rustie hardly delivering anything interesting to the reprise of Church. The most disappointing guest came with Pusha T on 'Kung-Fu' as his lyrics don't offer any of his usual clever wordplay and his vocal delivery sounds like a bad Kanye West impression.
Now we've come to the most important aspect of Aa, which is the instrumentals. The biggest compliment I can give for this album is that it always manages to surprise me with it's various styles, while providing Baauer's signature production. From the grimey and horn driven 'Day Ones' to the industrial and bouncy 'Make it Bang' to the slow driven 'Way from Me' that switches to 2-step garage in the second half and pulls it off very well. Then we get to the pure instrumental tracks that are just as good, from the energetic drum-and-bass vibe of 'GoGo!' to the nu-disco leaning 'Pinku' which sounds like Baauer remixing a track from The Knocks, to the atmospheric interludes 'Church' and 'Good & Bad' flowing along nicely with the album. But my favorite instrumental comes courtesy of 'Temple' opening with a sample of a mediation class before quickly switching it up with a Chinese banjo and 808 drums matching both M.I.A. and G-Dragon flawlessly (Baauer was clearly listening to a lot of Wu-Tang clan before crafting this beat), an easy contender for one of my favorite songs of 2016. That being said, not all the instrumentals work, 'Kung-Fu' sounds the most bland out of all the beats with no creativity or soul behind it, and 'Church Reprise' provides very little of a reprise besides an electric guitar around the end. The most glaring of the instrumentals comes from 'Sow' as the annoying vocal samples and blubbering bass fail to create something worthwhile and honestly coming off as an overcooked mess. Finally there's the title track closing out the album, all I'll say is that it's the most experimental thing Baauer has ever crafted and will divide listeners afterwards.
In the end, Baauer's debut provides plenty of good times throughout with only a few weak moments on his debut holding it back from perfection. Hopefully once this settles in with listeners, Baauer will not be known as the moron behind Harlem Shake, but as a legit producer in mainstream music.
Best Songs: Temple, Day Ones, Way from Me, GoGo!, Pinku
Worst Songs: Sow, Church Reprise,",1,1,"Mar 18, 2016"
7,"Although 'Aa' isn't a innovative piece of work per se, Baauer still made it sound warm and refreshing. Gathering influences and samples from k-pop, rap and Brazilian music, Aa doesn't make any curves; it takes the straightest shortcuts. This is a fun and practical record, without smoke and mirrors.
Best Tracks: Temple (feat. M.I.A. and G-Dragon); Kung Fu (feat. Pusha T and Future); Sow.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
7,"Yeah, i enjoyed that album. I dislike it a bit because there is so much interlude and the album sounds unfinished in generel. But overall, pretty nice wonky music and some really nice bangers.
I really have to highlight the song 'Aa' because, for what this song wants to be and for me as a huge fan of such experiemental tracks, this tracks fcking slams.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"This album is fantastic. Industrial beats puncture the silky harmonies while the synths keep everything moving along with such drama. The tracks are perfectly ordered and textureed, providing juxtaposition after juxtaposition, yet seemingly flowing like a story of a difficult night out in a city. Here's how I read it:
Full Circle starts with excerpts from Alan Watts' Spectrum of Love lecture, letting us know we're in for an existential experience, then glides into the punchy and portentous Pray- 'pray don't fall down'. Debut track Dust distils the mood after the initial rush before perhaps the most 'pop' track of Earth Not Above takes us to the part of the evening when things start to spiral.
Thereafter, Oracle provides a moment of contemplation before ascending into a Chemical Bros-like dance track. Alone perhaps describes the part of the night where you've lost your friends and the demons set in. The staccato, running synth (reminiscent of BT) is offset by the haunting vocals.
Finally, the denouement (or rather renaissance or redemption of the night) begins with the 90s/Olive-like synths and XX-like dual vocals of Separate Lives and steadily grows via Sacred and Cloud 9 which lament and rail against love lost. Finally we come to Pale (presumably referring to the pallor induced by going through a night like this) which rises through the fear and anger into acceptance and a banging dance track with deep lancing synths. Here the vocals move from head to soulful chest, giving the impression of courage and true redemption. Time to go to bed before the demons set in again.
What a debut album. Now that their sound is secured, I can't wait to see how they branch out.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"Este album  fantstico. Voz, melodia e letra, tudo incrvel. No consigo nem descrever o que sinto quando ouo (que alis, est nos top 5 albuns mais ouvidos por mim recentemente haha). Se voc gosta de um 'eletrnico' alternativo bem diferente, essa banda  a opo certa. Mandaram super bem nesse debut album.",0,0,"May  9, 2016"
10,"I've had this album on repeat for weeks. It's nothing but an endless journey filled with joy, sorrow and hope. I love it. It's the best debut album I've ever heard.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This girl and this album are totally perfect. She's so young and talented. Her voice and her lyrics are totally unique. I've never seen something like this! I need a video for all songs right now haha. Favorite songs are: Conqueror, Running With The Wolves, Warrior, Under the Water, Black Water Lilies and her cover of Half the World Away. I also have to say I love her Norwegian accent, it makes her English sound beautiful :-)",1,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
0,"I slept twice times listening to this album! AURORA really showed that she actually have talent, but I still think her type of music is too different for me.",0,2,"May 21, 2016"
10,"who run the world? AURORA, s vim mesmo pra aumentar a pontuao kkkkk LINDA, DONA, ALBUM INCRIVEL, isso s prova o quo AURORA tem o potencial, para fazer uma obra de arte quanto essa, QUEEN",0,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"Beautiful, poetic, unique, and much more mature musically than he 19 years of age would suggest - All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend is an amazing debut from the very promising Aurora.  If the music doesn't hook you in the first minute of the album, then your finger is not on the musical pulse.  Compared to the handful of female contemporaries who all seem to sing in the same voice, Aurora's ethereal and honest voice acts like a candle that cuts through the middle of a dark Norwegian forest.  She has a very promising future ahead of her.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
7,"Chvrches, Purity Ring, and especially Lorde, warmed the music market to minimalistic pop music, and were followed by a wave of not-so-successful indie pop artists with teenage dilemmas and sweet voices filled with synths, like Halsey, Troye Sivan and Melanie Martinez. The 19 y/o Aurora is distinct from the others. Channeling singer-songwriters like Florence Welch, Sia, Lykke Li and even Bjrk sometimes, 'All My Demons...' is a beautiful debut. Its cold nostalgia, fragility and melodic creepiness recalls what Purity Ring did in Shrines, although less electronic and not so well executed. Aurora is a very talented artist, with a bright future ahead; some of the mistakes made here will naturally vanish while she matures as a musician and as a person.
Best Tracks: Runaway; Conqueror; Winter Bird; Murder Song (5,4,3,2,1)",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"Albums like these make me scream YAssss queen!!!!! Listen to it, masterpiece. I like the melody and her vocals are so good. When will my faves? 10/10.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
8,"It took me a bit to warm up to this album, but I actually think it's pretty awesome and I can definitely see myself listening to this one many more times in the future. It's crazy to think that someone who's just 19 years old is capable of releasing an album this mature. Most artists that age write about shallow things like young love, partying, etc., but Aurora's songs are different. They're honest, emotional, and deep, and everything from her vocal delivery to the dark, dramatic production serves its purpose well. A few of the songs feel like they need a little kick in the butt to get going like the standout tracks, but for the most part this is a very strong debut and Aurora shows amazing potential as an artist.
Standout tracks: Runaway, Lucky, Murder Song (5, 4, 3, 2, 1), Under the Water",0,0,"Mar 19, 2016"
10,"luv this sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh iconic albummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hahahhaahhaha so good i loved so much",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"NOW I have to take my WIG off because this record is a snatch!!! Recommended, I love the songs so much, they are one of the best things to listen to if you are an indie music lover.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"Um dos lbuns que marcaram a minha vida esse 2016, espero ouvir da prxima vez um lbum melhor, sem desmerecer a qualidade do mesmo. AURORA, uma artista que merece ser valorizada tanto quanto qualquer artista... Uma das melhores que j vi.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"All my demons greeting me as a friend is a super nice album to listen to, the songs are wonderful that causes the body is light and makes you feel good.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2016"
10,"This is good music , very respectable , deep lyrics and refined bases . Italy is waiting for you , AURORA.
My fav song: Under The Water, I Went Too Far and Winter Bird.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
9,"She's like a small Sia and has a promising future in the world of music. His distinctive style puts a small differential in the alternative style. Today an original artist is really hard, but she managed to be unique in a musical field where everything seems much the same. For a debut album, she did incredibly well and successfully, I hope she remains unique in its work in the world of music, a young man really promising.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"I've been waiting for artist and album like this all my life. AURORA has so much to offer and doesn't need controversy or scandals to make you interested in her. She gets you with her emotions, messages and beauty. All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend has kind of angelic sound but also makes you want to fight, cry and love everything and everyone around. Feelings are the thing she builds her songs on which I think is the original meaning of music and it is great for me to watch someone so young bringing it back. These songs are strong and just beautiful and every single one of them is worth listening. I confess there are some parts of this record that I don't like that much but then she always steals my heart back again with another huge hymn. Runaway, Winter Bird, Through the Eyes of a Child and Under the Water are just unbreakable and hit me every damn time. I have to say my thank you, AURORA, for these blessings you sent into the world. I only hope you and your music will never change in the future because of business influences or anything similar, I am in love with you just the way you are.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  maravilhoso,ele me deu vida,cada msica era um prazer aos meus ouvidos.Ela merece ser reconhecida pelo mundo todo,mas no mercado musical,hoje em dia s espao para o clich.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"Runnin with the wolves!!! Oh My God is the best song of the album, but all the songs are pretty good, i dont know her since i hear that song in youtube, so i hear all the album and i love it",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
10,"Just perefection... This electronic beats makes me feel like in heaven. Lapsley s angel voice made me a skin orgasm haha. She have to become famous like Lana Del Rey or Halsey.",1,1,"Mar  9, 2016"
8,"At 19, the English songstress has already created a voice for herself separate from her contemporaries. This rare talent mixed with provocative icy electronic production and airy instrumentals entices the listener, begging for more, searching immediately for the replay button. Where Lapsley lacks variety of pace and sound on the album she makes up in mystique and deep-seated emotional expression.",0,0,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Every single song on this album has its meaning. Lpsley touches the soul who listen her to. She's a real singer and know what she is doing. We'll see more about her from now on.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2016"
10,"I think anyone who has a mature mind will fall in love with Lpsley. She's only 19 and made a nice album. The lyrics are so unique and true that I think she could change the world.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2016"
10,"Anna Meredith's Varmints is a triumph in the studies of electronic, classical and experimental music and one of my favorite albums of 2016 so far.
The one adjective that seems to appropriately describe most of Anna Meredith's music is 'giant'. The percussion, the synths, the horns, everything is elevated to a massive roar for her debut. Even on the more subdued tracks there is an unmistakable sense of urgency that is constantly driving the album forward to the next level, at times even threatening to derail the whole thing.
But it never does. Meredith's sense of composition and choice of arrangement is the main show here. There are moments when it feels like she's about to drive over the edge of the cliff or at least get stuck in a corner, but her seemingly endless understanding of classical music is like the guiding light allowing her to navigate the intricate and chaotic worlds she builds.",1,1,"Apr 11, 2016"
7,"The best thing about Varmints is the melding of a variety of musical styles that rarely see mixing: classical, electronic, and indie pop are blended together into an intriguing and altogether pleasant album. No tracks stand out to me as particularly great songs, but they work well in context and make this album one that I would definitely recommend, especially if the genres I listed above interest you.
68/100",0,0,"Apr 17, 2016"
6,"'99 cents' is a great album hiding behind a curtain of emptiness and distant, emotionless presentation. With a few stylistic changes it could easily be Santigold's best release.",1,2,"Feb 26, 2016"
7,"i really enjoyed this album front to back. if you remember what kelis was like when she first came out, you can get a sense of what youre getting with Santigolds 99 cents.",0,1,"Feb 26, 2016"
8,"Santigold puts a interesting spin on modern pop with her wide range of musical styles on '99 Cents.' From Pop, to Reggae, to Hip-Hop, even to Electronica she (for the most part) pulls off each of these Genres. The production is very interesting here. It could be crisp-and-clean on songs like 'Can't get enough of Myself' or Dark-and-Brooding on 'Walking in a Circle.' Sure there are the few misses on songs like 'Big Boss Big Time Business'  or 'Who be loving Me' but besides thoughs, this is a very sold album.",0,1,"Mar  6, 2016"
1,"Yikes!  I couldn't believe what a disappointing half-hearted effort this record was.  Listened to it twice just to be sure and couldn't believe it.  Oh well, perhaps she'll provide some more hits for other artists in the future as I doubt we'll see much more of her as a solo artist.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
10,"This album its very awesome, has a nostalgic sound to it, its kinda like mixing lounge music, with vocals with a bunch of effects, i liked it a lot, mostly for the instrumentals, its very enjoyable to listen while doing work.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2016"
7,"This album is comprised of one 38-minute long experimental electronic track heavily themed around the spin cycle of a washing machine. In other words, this album is about as far out of my comfort zone as you can get without getting into harsh noise territory. Ultimate Care II isn't a record I'll be coming back to that often, but I absolutely have to appreciate the creativity that went into this project. For music listeners out there that want to experience something with some fierce originality, there is a lot to enjoy on Ultimate Care II.",2,2,"Feb 27, 2016"
6,"A whole record produced just with sounds made by or with a washing machine. Sounds interesting right? Well the concept definitely is but the 40 minute long track that makes up this album is a little less interesting. I respect that they only had the washing machine to work with but some of the 'drumming' is very simplistic and repetitive. Saying that, there is moments of enjoyment to be had throughout the record, wether it be towards the middle of the piece where trumpet like noises backed by bangs create an IDM style sound or towards the end where the piece reaches its energetic industrial-like crescendo. I had to really fight my inner hipster to not give this album a 10/10 but I couldn't lie to myself. Ultimate Care II is an album to be appreciated more than enjoyed.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2016"
6,"The admirable thing about this record is the diversity of sounds that Matmos are able to produce from a single object, saying this, the sounds don't come together to form something that is directly enjoyable to listen to. If I heard Matmos doing this at a laundromat I would be like 'Oh my god, shut the hell up'",0,0,"Feb 19, 2016"
9,"Well-crafted, well-produced piece of electropop. It's the kind of stuff that should be on the radio but will probably get swept under the rug by custom people who snub it with their concerns that are overly critical.",1,1,"Feb  9, 2016"
4,"Big Black Coat is a well-crafted, well-produced bore. These dance-pop tracks go in one ear and out the other with boring, predictable, and unbearably repetitive vocal melodies. The vocals are merely okay; they are devoid of any and all emotion, but they do fit reasonably smoothly atop the synthetic beats. There are some entertaining moments here, but not enough to make this album worth your time. This would make semi-decent background music.
45/100",0,6,"Feb  6, 2016"
8,"This album is definitely a grower. The songs are a bit more experimental than some of Junior Boys' previous stuff, and they don't immediately pull you in, but after listening to this several times, I definitely think it's a strong album. The production is cohesive yet varied and fantastic overall, and the songs have a nice flow to them. The style is sort of a cross between jazz, techno, dance, and R&B, which is a really interesting combination. At first it doesn't seem like a standout album but I find myself coming back and listening to it pretty frequently. It's got a great vibe to it and is really enjoyable. Definitely one of their strongest albums.
Standout tracks: Big Black Coat, You Say That, Over It",0,0,"Aug 30, 2016"
3,"For an electronic trance album (EP) this isn't that bad. Only two songs I liked were Opus & Breathe. I wished there would had been more meaningful writing on the album",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
8,"After nearly 12 years on the scene Eric Prydz finally releases his debut LP and yes, it's great.
If you're looking for something different or groundbreaking then you're better off looking elsewhere, but if you're looking for a solid dance album produced and mastered to perfection then you're in for a real treat. This is the same Eric Prydz I grew to love over the past few years - unmatched chord progressions, beautiful melodies and some hard hitting drums, this is progressive house at it's best.
The opening track, 'Liam', has a great metallic arp and string progression - and serves as a great introduction to the album, while a track like 'Trubble' takes a more darker approach, a definite standout on the album. This LP has a lot to offer, but I still think it might be a bit too much for the casual listener.
Opus is also quite a large body of work, offering almost 125 minutes of material. Tracks on the album follow a similar structure, meaning each track reflects off of the one before it - this creates a great overall flow without having to rely on a continuous mix.
Prydz mostly sticks to instrumentals throughout the LP, but a few vocal tracks managed to slip through as well. There's a noticeable drop in tempo and energy in these tracks which is not necessarily a bad thing because it gives the listener some breathing room before the next energetic instrumental hits. The vocal track, 'Breathe' (featuring Rob Swire), could definitely be on it's way to becoming a great commercial hit.
This is a fantastic album, there's no denying that, but even though I consider myself a lover of progressive house, I couldn't help but feel as if this album dragged on a bit at times. Other than that, it's a great piece of work and the production on here is nothing short of perfection - a true studio masterpiece.
Had this on repeat for a couple of days now. If you consider yourself a fan of progressive house or even just dance music in general, definitely give Opus a listen.
My personal favourites from the LP: 'Collider', 'Last Dragon' and 'Every Day'
- Alex Heyns. Cape Town, South Africa.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2016"
8,"A long awaited studio return of the Massive Attack. What can I say? Good to have them back.
The opening track - 'Dead Editors' featuring Roots Manuva sounds quite fresh and dark. The lyrics are hypnotising. The flow is damn good. The music is somewhat paranoid and chaotic.
The second track - 'Ritual Spirit' featuring Azekel is the only one I have a major problem with here. I just can't get it. I can see where they were going to with this, but I really couldn't enjoy it.
The third track - 'Voodoo In My Blood' featuring Young Fathers initially was at the same level as the previous one for me until it got stuck in my head for a day and I wanted to jump to it like crazy.
The fourth and final track - 'Take It There' featuring Tricky. Well, what can you say? It's Tricky and Massive Attack on the same track! It's just plain sexy and sinister. The track is building momentum towards the end just to leave you at that piano loop again and it feels damn good.
Overall a good little release, which has some flaws. Though it does one thing perfectly good: makes you wish for a full length LP if you're a Massive Attack fan.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2016"
7,"Third Law is an intricate mix of drone, noise, and industrial sounds that could be the soundtrack to an especially harrowing sci-fi horror film. Roly Porter executes his foray into this generally very impenetrable genre with more structure than most. The song Mass repeats an industrial beat many times over, layering an eclectic blend of sounds one after another. The effect is alluring, to say the least, and while the song is the highlight of the record for me, other tracks nearly reach the same heights. My foremost issue with this record, and it is a big one, is that the album does not remain interesting the entire way through. I must also admit genre bias, as there aren't many noise records I've been able to penetrate. Still, Third Law is very interesting, to say the least.
74/100",1,2,"Feb  2, 2016"
4,"Despite having some similarities in atmosphere to Tricky's magnum opus Maxinquaye, Skilled Mechanics lacks absolutely everything else that made that album one of my favorites of all time. The beats are sparse and unimaginative and sound like the same basic Garageband loop run over and over again. Tricky's deep vocals, typically an important piece of his sound, are completely uninspired here. He sounds almost as bored as I am when I listen to this record. Not every track here is a complete misstep - in general, the tracks featuring other artists bring enough variety to be mildly entertaining, but it isn't enough to save the record.
41/100",0,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
5,"A relatively short review for Sunn o)))'s three track long album, Kannon.
An overall less interesting project with Sunn o))) playing it even more safe. Less exhilarating and punishing, with the only exception being 'Kannon Pt.2'. It's pretty much the same sound they have been toying with for the past years without even the slightest of experimentation.
Soused, the collaborative album they did with Scott Walker in 2014, sounds like they were going the extra mile in comparison.
Kannon is quite the disappointing album. Maybe it 'll grow on me after some extra listens....if six were not enough...
Fav Tracks: Kannon Pt.2
Least Fav Track: Kannon Pt. 1",1,1,"Jan  2, 2016"
8,"yeah, whatever, good album, conceptual, bzzzzzzzzt, wooooooom and all that drone
but please, please somebody change the album cover to actually Kannon art",0,1,"Dec 11, 2015"
8,"Very atmospheric drone metal. The compositions are relatively uncomplicated, but still create a very heavy feeling. It is not an accessible or commercial record by any means, and listening to it can be a challenge for someone who isn't sure what they're getting in to, but if you give this a chance I think you will find it a worthwhile listen.",0,2,"Dec  8, 2015"
10,"The moment when you listen to the first song, 'WILD', it's when you begin to feel the emotions. Simple but effective, clear message, fun and exciting.
'BITE' is my favorite. Troye doesn't totally explain us what's the song about, he uses the metaphors to make us think about it. Combined with the beat and the production, the whole thing going on with the background sounds... Makes one of the best songs on the album.
'FOOLS' and 'THE QUIET' are about typical discussions or problems in a relationship, but he manages to say it all with beautiful lyrics and some killer chorus. May leave you thinking about it.
'YOUTH' is actually a song that I would like to sing driving in the middle of the night, with the windows open and the person I love sitting next to me. Gives you hope and this crazy-teenager-lovers feel.
'COOL' hits like fresh air. So classy and mysterious.
'HEAVEN' is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. Troye makes us ask ourselves this hard questions, 'will I get to Heaven? will I live happily after all even if I'm so different?', Betty Who angelical voice gives me chills and it works so good in the song.
'LOST BOY' and 'TOO GOOD' are the smashing hits, with the lyrics, the beat (guitar part on TOO GOOD it's just awesome) and the aptitude.
'SUBURBIA' represents the childhood memories, those moments where everything was pure and greatness, playing on the park and cocking with mummy, but at the same time, nostalgia and pain, the bitterness of growing up and leaving it all.
Last but not least, 'for him.', modern love letter, so cute and gets to make you fluffy on the inside
One last thing. Just don't be a hater. A YouTuber can be also a musician, a writer o a movie star, if he/she really wants to. This is the best DEBUT album I've heard, I don't want you to think this way if you don't want, because everyone has their opinion, but it's undeniable that the album is so good and doesn't deserve a freaking ZERO.",23,23,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing from start to finish. It's probably the best music that I've heard. WILD was really an awesome EP but I never thought the full album would be any better, but it was. Troye's voice is really unique, you will always know that it's him when you hear a song. The lyrics are uncommon but really relatable, personally I found myself listening to EASE and relate to every word. TALK ME DOWN is really sweet and I think it's the best track in the album with FOOLS. I also loved the collabs, especially Alex Hope in BLUE and Broods in EASE.
Overall the album has a unique sound; Troye is doing music like no one in the pop industry and it's really showing that he is not just some youtuber trying to do music, he actually does what he loves and he does it amazingly, not trying to have massive success and doing what everyone else is doing already. 10/10 any day.",23,23,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"A highlight of the album is the Australian rapper featured love song for him. The chorus demonstrates a new set of vocals of Sivans youthful energy, singing in purposeful overly sweet tones with the lyrics Sickeningly sweet like honey / Dont need money / All I need is you. Its the track that has more than enough potential to dominate the radio.
Going back to his roots, Sivan sings of the suburban life he desperately misses in the melodious Suburbia track. Have you heard me on the radio / Did you turn it up? / On your blown-out stereo in suburbia? The chorus accompanies soft drum machines and violins dub stepped to bring in a nostalgic feeling reminiscent of Lana Del Rey herself.
TOO GOOD and BITE fluctuate between being sensual and emotionally redundant. Production wise BITE is the overall superior between the two. The track tells the story of Sivans first experience in a gay club, while TOO GOOD sounds like the aftermath of a one night stand or friends with benefits arrangement. Each romanticized the terrifying feeling of new experiences. BITE pulls it off while TOO GOOD delivers a slow burn before ultimately puttering out in an anti-climatic string of violins.
COOL gets lost in its twin track YOUTH. Both start in with cut and dry lyrics, a crescendo bridge, before the chorus and heavily edited beats come in. YOUTH triumphs with its background repetitive shouts along with the chorus, pulled from the first single WILD, while COOL loses its momentum and listens like a filler between ballads TALK ME DOWN and HEAVEN. It paints the perfect picture of being rich, pretty, and vulnerable. Its a sweet-sounding and slowed down version of Happy Little Pill, which put Sivan on the map, but loses its way.
Its easy while listening to Blue Neighborhood to forget that Sivan is a mere twenty years old and still has much more time to grow as an artist. LOST BOY and BLUE set the album in Grammy worthy territory, with superb production and melodic, haunting lyrics.
Blue Neighbourhood isnt lacking in relatable content, nor original lyrics. Its a concrete debut in its purest form: where the lyrics and production fall in place to the point where one listen isnt nearly enough; even by the third or fourth listen, youll still be pulling out lyrical gems that sparks the replay button.",20,20,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"This album is so good, TOO GOOD it makes want to roll half-naked around my house with my stereo blasting all the songs so loud that the neighbours will have to go to another town.",19,19,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"E valeu MUITO  pena esperar. Cada msica possui sua prria essncia, sua prpria carga, e ecada carga  despejada sobre ns quando a prxima faixa chega.  um dos discos que eu vou ouvir sem enjoar por um longo tempo.",23,25,"Jan 19, 2016"
8,"From start to finish a fantastic album. I especially love how Troye has worked with other young artists, producers and song-writers. Absolutely in love with it.",28,31,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A super good album. Anyways, Troye started recently at Music Industry but he already have haters.. it's ridiculous. But well, the album is Perfect, WILD EP contains good songs and HEAVEN, COOL and for him. are my favourite at the album.",26,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"Sem dvidas o melhor lbum de 2015 Troye mostra seus trabalhos de uma forma inexplicvel nesse lbum , esse  o nascimento de uma nova estrela no mundo Pop. Parabns Troye Sivan. Que venha o TS2!!",25,28,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"I cri everytiem. But 8/8. Yaasssss you so goood. Awesome stuff! I think his music is really touching and stuff. Great album!!!    tl;dr: troye is da best",26,30,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 2015 sem dvidas, posso ouvir todo lbum o dia inteiro por dias que no irei enjoar, sem contar que me identifico com maioria das msicas,  timo ter um artista LGBT que ir se expressar contando experiencias que voc se identifica, e o melhor de tudo,  bom ter um artista verdadeiro nessa indstria que escreve realmente o que j viveu e consegue manter uma qualidade excelente nas msicas",25,29,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"O album  otimo, Troye  um artista totalmente diferente desses atuais, o garoto mal chegou e ja tem haters, com argumentos de que ele s e famoso agora por ser gay, tipo ????, gente vamos parar de drama e vamos ouvir a musica.",28,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"A fantastic full-length release from a unique artist who we have all watched develop over the years. Blue Neighbourhood brings a fresh and inviting electronic pop sound with a diverse assortment of tracks, ranging from the optimistic tone of 'Youth' to the pensive duet that is 'Heaven'. What makes this album remarkable is the honesty and maturity of the lyrics. Each song tells a personal and meaningful story that listeners may find inspiring or be able to identify with emotionally. Bringing together a stellar cast of writers and producers, Troye's first studio album is definitely a strong introduction to what he has in store for us in the future.",27,33,"Jan 15, 2016"
10,"",12,12,"Jan 28, 2016"
8,"The deluxe edition SUCKED. Besides that, the album is pretty much great in all aspects: his soft vocals, his artsy lyricism, and the production that blends in well with his words. The only real flaw I found in this record was that there wasn't any moment that was unforgettable or momentous or anything. No song was too emotionally moving, either.",10,10,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",9,9,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"",8,8,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"The first three tracks of the album, WILD, FOOLS and EASE, all are originally from WILD. They are a fantastic introduction to the album, as it is designed to be a continuation of some of the topics he touched on in the EP. WILD introduces the blue neighborhood by explaining how desperately he wants to escape its mundane and pressuring atmosphere for a love no one there is willing to understand.
The first new song is TALK ME DOWN, which Sivan released as a single weeks before the album dropped. In perfect harmony with his already distinct musical style, the track is a piece that gets you way too in touch with your feelings. Sivan honestly sings this echoing song about desiring physical affection from a male lover, which is incredibly refreshing. As Joy Roden from News Corp Australia puts it, Sivan is fearless and honest in a way most pop stars arent.  Which includes not shying away from pronouns. This is further exhibited by later album track, for him., an upbeat piece about needing someone, featuring Australian rapper Allday.
The next champion of the album is YOUTH, also released as a single before the album dropped. The instrumental of this song is like lace  smooth on the surface but intricate in its layers. When the drums drop against the synthesizer at the end of the chorus, it will be nearly impossible to sit still. Besides, theres no greater song to dance around like a fool to than a song about being young and wild.
HEAVEN is a heartbreaking song about Sivan being gay and not knowing if hell ever really be accepted for it. With a harmonizing feature by Betty Who, the song resonates in a chamber-choir style that shakes you emotionally. The chorus is meant to summarize one of Sivans greatest struggles of coming out in a Jewish household. As he says in the YouTube snippet previewing the song, he contemplated, If there is a God, does that God hate me? If there is a heaven, am I ever going to make it to heaven?  If there is a heaven, and I cant be myself up there, maybe I dont want heaven.
The chorus goes, Without losing a piece of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ Without changing a part of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ All my time is wasted./ Feeling like my hearts mistaken, oh./ So if Im losing a piece of me/ Maybe I dont want heaven? In his soft voice, these lyrics feel almost as though hes just thinking out loud in a moment of deep reflection, making them some of the most touching of the album.
The greatest contributor to the albums concept is SUBURBIA, a haunting piece about a basic and boring blue neighborhood where nothing new seems to happen, even though there are countless stories sitting inside the homes, the cars and the people. This song and LOST BOY are the only two from the album that Sivan wrote completely on his own, making for incredibly raw and honest pieces straight from his heart and soul. SUBURBIA is a phenomenal conclusion to the album, offering closure on this blue neighbourhood weve just walked through alongside Sivan and his angelic voice.
At this point, there is very little that adorably awkward Sivan can do wrong. His debut studio album is a holistic piece of art that creates an atmosphere of disharmony and dissatisfaction like nothing before it. His rapid production is promising for his big fans, as hes likely to release more music soon. If this guys talent wasnt already undeniable, Blue Neighbourhood is about to change that.",3,3,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Simplesmente fantstico... um dos melhores lbuns de 2015, amei a escolha de Youth como primeiro Single, mas ainda quero que ele escolha Blue tambm, antes de fechar a divulgao do lbum.",2,2,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"",2,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso, parabns Troye e equipe. Musicas perfeitas e bem produzidas, um dos melhores trabalhos do ano passado e  interessante que cada musica tenha um diferencial uma das outras e funcionam muito bem juntas",1,1,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"All the songs, lyrics, compositions, sounds and production, are perfect, when I listened to WILD, I think that was the moment when I said that whole album is going to be... Thanks Troye Sivan",1,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
9,"This boy has a talent, definitely. He doesn't need to hype such as many artists of young generation nowaday - Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Taylor Swift, etc. Songs are so good. The best ones - TALK ME DOWN, YOUTH, WILD, LOST BOY",1,1,"Feb 24, 2016"
5,"No vi nada demais no Blue Neighbourhood. A voz do Troye Sivan  muito bonita e sexy, mas as msicas soam repetitivas, todas parecem a mesma coisa, salvando-se as excees 'Wild', 'Youth' e 'Swimming Pools'.",1,2,"May 23, 2016"
0,"Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.Lixo total.",0,3,"Jun 28, 2016"
5,"Debi de trabajar mas en la letra, su voz queda atrs con el sonido puesto, repetitivo. Troye Sivan no tiene mucho que aportar a la msica. Es bueno, le falta mejorar, tiene para hacerlo.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2016"
8,"Eu gosto do 'BH', WILD  minha favorita, as composies so bonitas, eu gosto das batidas e dos vocais dele, mas, para mim, ele s no merece uma nota maior porque  mais um lbum 'digestvel' como milhares por a.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2016"
6,"Normally I don't like male singers, but Troye actually has a nice, soothing, sexy voice. Blue Neighbourhood is a surprisingly mature album considering how young he is. The production is nice and the music doesn't cater towards kids with ADD like everything else does these days. That being said, pretty much every song on this album is a ballad, and it really drags on, especially if you're listening to the deluxe version (which I would recommend, since the added songs are better than the ones on the standard edition). Anyway, I think Troye definitely shows off some amazing talent and potential with this album, but Blue Neighbourhood is far from perfect.
Standout tracks: THE QUIET, for him., BLUE",0,0,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"DA AT UMA PONTADA DE ORGULHO AO VER TODOS ESSES RATINGS NOTA 10 EU ESCOLHI TE AMAR TROYE SZIVAAN MEU AMORZINHO, VOC  MUITO PRECIOSO TE AMO DEMAISSS",0,0,"May  1, 2016"
8,"This album is rad. I don't usually feel so attached with male musicians, but this is soooo cool. I loved ''talk me down'', ''lost boy'', and all the tracks from the EP Wild. well done",0,0,"Feb  6, 2016"
8,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel, todas as msicas so timas e o mais importante  que o Troye participou de TODO o processo de criao do lbum e foi totalmente sincero. Impossvel no sentir alguma coisa com faixas como 'FOOLS' e 'TALK ME DOWN'.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
9,"Troye demonstra paixo, alegria, tristeza e solido, um modelo perfeito de como a adolescncia  confusa, s vezes eufrica e apaixonante e no deixando de ser triste e difcil.
Destaque para Ease, Fools, Talk Me Down, Wild e Youth.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood  um lbum cheio de emoes, e garante o entretenimento do ouvinte. Melhores msicas: 'EASE', 'HEAVEN', 'THE QUIET' E 'BITE'. Perfeito!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Blue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'WithoutBlue Neighbourhood is an extraordinary and fantastic album. The lyrics are amazing, production is excellent. My favourite lines -
'Without losing a piece of me
How do I get to heaven?
Without changing a part of me
How do I get to heaven?
All my time is wasted
Feeling like my heart's mistaken, oh
So if I'm losing a piece of me
Maybe I don't want heaven?'
Favourite tracks - Talk Me Down, Fools, Wild, Youth, Heaven, Suburbia",0,0,"Jun 24, 2016"
9,"I'm so happy that i became a fan of his music. His lyrics are very well written and inspiration to teenagers especially those with the LGBT community. As a first full-length album he really did great job, The vocals and the production are really great and i'm quite disappointed that it didn't get the success that it deserved.
my score:
1. WILD 10/10
2. BITE 9/10
3. FOOLS 10/10
4. EASE 8/10
5. THE QUIET 9/10
6. DKLA 8/10
7. TALK ME DOWN 10/10
8. COOL 9/10
9. HEAVEN 10/10
10.YOUTH 10/10
11. LOST BOY 10/10
12. FOR HIM 9/10
13.SUBURBIA 9/10
14. TOO GOOD 8/10
15. BLUE 8/10
16. WILD (XXYXX REMIX) 8/10
Overall: 90.6",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"[ENGLISH] I love so much this album. I think this album says us a lot of things of Troye's life and the life of persons in the LGBT community. Listen to this album, it surprise you.
[ESPAOL] Me encanta mucho este lbum, pienso que nos dice muchas cosas acerca de la vida de Troye y de las personas en la comunidad LGBT. Deben escuchar este lbum, los sorprender.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
10,"'Blue Neighbourhood' is one of the greatest albums 2015 had to offer. Lyrically, the album is a masterpiece; emotional, deep, relatable. The astonishing lyrics when accompanied by Sivan's voice makes the listening experience extremely enjoyable. All 16 tracks offer a different vibe lyrically and musically and Sivan's vocal range is extremely pleasing to the ears.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2016"
7,"The slow build up of minimalist beats and confused synth riffs combined with odd and somehow disturbing lyrics are sure to please any of fan of experimental and slightly off-beat electronic music.",4,5,"Dec  3, 2015"
1,"Dont let pretentious reviewers fool you. This is pure unadulterated trash. This cant even be enjoyed ironically. A sad indicator of the state of the music thats pushed by the likes of pitchfork.",0,7,"Jan  4, 2016"
9,"Arca can seriously do no wrong.  He is so innovative and on this album, he uses some familiar sounds from his debut album, but manages to morph them into something new.  He is truly a genius and has an incredible talent for creating new soundscapes that our modern world has yet to experience.",7,7,"Nov 23, 2015"
10,"Maybe it's hard listen to entire album the first time, but that stunning atmosphere that Mutant makes by itself makes it so addictive.
Arca never disappoints!!",1,1,"Jan 19, 2016"
7,"Those looking for sounds similar to Arca's production on Kanye West's Yeezus or FKA Twigs' Lp1 will be surprised when listening to his sophomore album. The word 'conventional' is nowhere in this album's vocabulary. Take the song 'Mutant', for example. The skittering beats and hard-hitting sub-bass at times make it sound like breathing- as if the song was a story of a creation coming to life. To mutate, in a biological sense, means to alter the genetic sequence of an organism. In regards to Arca's music, this is precisely the case as he twists and contorts contemporary music, effectively ruining its genetic code and consequently forming an entirely new being. I at once had a hard time understanding how one can name a song that has no lyrics. Listening the Mutant is hard at times because several songs feel structureless, like a thrown-together hodgepodge. But other songs, such as 'Alive', 'Mutant', 'Vanity', 'Sinner', and **** seem to convey thoughts that cannot be expressed in words. Thus, listening to the tracks and reading the titles is the best way to begin understanding the meaning and inspiration. Creating ideas and provoking thought without words is a feat accomplished by a short list of skilled electronic musicians, a list that Arca can join proudly and, with future releases, climb to the top of.",1,1,"Dec  3, 2015"
7,"while it's hard to find meaning in the beautiful and unique soundscapes, Mutant cements Arca as one of the most forward thinking figures in electronic music",0,0,"Feb 29, 2016"
9,"The sophomore album by Arca, Mutant presents us with a much more aggressive sound in comparison to his debut, the soft and subtle Xen. Mutant showcases an effective and joyful combination of sounds that don't stick to convenience. They flow freely and steadily to take the listener to the edge of their seat. Using unearthly production and distant, almost alien vocal samples, the album really shows how much Arca has grown since his debut and his versatility to create impressive pieces.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2015"
8,"Daniel Lopatin is unstoppable. From the concept through art, execution, and backstory, there's nothing you can really grab onto but it's thrilling and never at all uninteresting. One of his best.",3,3,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"This being the first Album I've actually listened to by Danny Boy, it truly is quite the experience, and really is something quite beautiful in a kinda morbid and interesting kinda, slightly ironic, way.
Yeah I'm digging it, but it does have that issue of being something that isn't really like the most re-listenable material out their, I mean i cant find myself sitting down and listening to this when studying...maybe if im reading a book about philosophy it might inspire me...or dreams....Definitely check this guy out...hes interesting...",2,2,"Nov 15, 2015"
10,"Daniel Lopatin returns with yet again, another ambitious and abstract album. This time, Daniel shifts his style of vaporwave and ambient music to take on a much noisier and more abrasive style. However, the album did not fail to disappoint me and is a great experience from start to finish. It is definitely going to be one of my favourite album of this year. Do give it a listen.",1,1,"Nov 15, 2015"
9,"A stellar combination of post-rock, electronica, and ambient, Floating Points newest recording almost flew under my radar. I happened to come across this album on Soundcloud.com, and I was hooked by the tracks Peroration Six and Silhouettes (I, II, III). The album as a whole ebbs and flows as one large composition: it hides in plain sight with soft droning notes on some occasions, and gradually builds with swallowed digital bleeps and swelling synthesizer, bursting into grand conclusions. Elaenia ends suddenly, just as a guitar lick seems inevitable. One can hope that Floating Points will soon pick up where this great album left off.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing, Vulnicura gets even more emotional with this version, it could make you cry. Incredible record. It will make you hallucinate...",1,2,"Nov  9, 2015"
4,"Boring !
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",0,3,"Nov 19, 2015"
10,"Vulnicura Strings sees Bjrk restructuring an already phenomenal work of art and creating an even more desolate mood than the phenomenal Vulnicura, where time is frozen but also somewhere to move on from. Its not a place to visit every day, but whenever you need a reminder about what great art looks and feels like heres where to go to.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"Amazing use of the original songs, the strings make a personal album look even more personal, and that's something I have to recognize Bjrk always knows how to please her fans!",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"A fantastic and solid record. Gahan sounds powerful and his voice stripped down from all Depeche Mode effects stands out as one of the instruments. Emotional record..",1,1,"Oct 27, 2015"
10,"This album was an absolute pleasure to listen to - continuously fun and overall very, very enjoyable. Every song had my attention, whether it was the funky All U Writers & Ooo or the experimental All the Way & I Feel So Free (Citation Needed). Each and every track on the album was enjoyed here in some way. I definitely recommend it - one of the best albums I heard all year.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2016"
9,"Noise pop at it's finest. No cheesy choruses or hooks, it's fanciful and unleashed electronic music spiraling into unfettered spikes of volume and loops. A smashing follow-up to 2013's Total Folklore.",1,2,"Oct 20, 2015"
1,"The musical equivalent to being run over by a plow... while a 5 year old runs wild with one of those old kids' v-tech laptops from the late 90s. I was curious to check this out as I somewhat liked Total Folklore, but this is not even similar. It's very noisy. Noise Rock and Shoegaze are more of my scene and even though I'm not a huge dance music fanatic, I enjoy just about all of it. I also appreciate a lot of experimental electronic/IDM like Aphex Twin.. But this.. THIS?! I can't say it's not experimental, but there is no rhythm; there is no complexity. It's just a mishmash of horrible, headache inducing, sounds. Spare yourself. I don't know where these glowing reviews are coming from",1,3,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"I'm not the biggest noise rock/pop fan. I mostly listen to classical music after growing tired of rock music. But I'm really glad I tried this album out. I like the melodies.",0,1,"Oct 22, 2015"
10,"This is the album of a master in electronic music.
The tracks are very different, so this album is a collection of collaborations. Jarre explains he wished to blend the DNA of different musicians sharing a passion for electronic music. Every track is a marvel, but you have to pay attention to them separately. Vince Clarke's Automatic 1 & 2 have the typical Jarre's melody, exciting and dynamic. Those pieces are very complex in the arrangements and is a pleasure to follow all the details. Close Your Eyes, with Air, is a sophisticated game, using many different instruments. It sounds like Air, it sounds like Jarre, and it is a demonstration of creativity, inspiration and craft. Laurie Anderson's Rely on Me is intelligent, elegant and imaginative, maybe the best collaboration between Jarre and Anderson to date. Gesaffelstein's Conquistador and Massive Attack's Watching You are dark tracks, and a perfect blend of Jarre's pioneering music (Jarre did tracks like these decades ago) and the vanguard electronic music of our days. The best track is Zero Gravity, with Tangerine Dream. It reminds me Jarre's Arpegiator, but incorporating a touching melody. Carpenter's A Question of Blood is an excellent example of how Jarre modifies the trajectory of the invited musicians. Compare this track with those of Carpenter's Lost Themes album. And I stop here. I have commented only half of this album. You should look at it not like a conceptual unified album, but like a coffer full of refulgent different jewels.",1,1,"Dec 19, 2015"
10,"Absolutely great album. It's like a box of Swiss chocolates. They're all both similar and very different. And very pleasant to listen to. My favorite album of 2015.",1,1,"May  9, 2016"
6,"It's not easy to get back to the top after so many years after Oxygen. I'm not sure if JJM did it well. Adding vocal to some melodies makes it not quite electronic music. And finally I must say I do prefer younger Jean Michael Jarre.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2015"
3,"The quality of the sounds used are pretty good but there are no  tracks to get excited about - just moments here and there. It is a collection of musically unrelated tracks but (believe me I'm no connoisseur of dance music - I really don't go a bundle on it) there is too much of a electronic dance music feel to it - all basically driven by one beat, embellished with little sequencer motifs - even if there are key changes or rhythmically different passages - it doesn't sound like it - it's not atmospheric (again there are tiny moments), it's not got an emotional content - there's nothing on it I would want to hear if I went to a live concert. Disappointing. Also conspicuous by their absence is any collaboration with one of the giants in the field of electronic music - Kraftwerk - there are plenty of key ex-members still making some good music - I could imagine Schneider refusing to get involved but not Karl Bartos or Wolfgang Flur - maybe there is something planned for the future on the next volume.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"JMJ has done it finally! Found a way to revive his own blander and blander music world. Infused himself with the music DNA of his past and present contemporary musicians and brought about surprising (Towsend), exciting (Moby), clever (Laurie) and fascinating (any of the songs) etc. pieces of collaboration. Will be remembered not only about Oxygene anymore...",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"wow, what a great album    .    .",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
8,"Rudimental impressed many with the release of their debut, 'Home', with many applauding the band's organic take on modern drum and bass music, as well as their production skills and excellent use of guest vocalists. All this earned the quartet (consisting of Amir Amor, Piers Agget, Kesi Dryden and DJ Locksmith) a Mercury Prize nomination in 2013. Two years later, the group are back with their second full-length album, 'We the Generation'.
'We the Generation' largely picks up where 'Home' left off, with their organic drum and bass sound still right at the forefront of their music. Experimentation is never to far away however, with the quartet mixing funk, soul and R&B into their sound. Guest vocalists again, like 'Home', dominate the record with Ella Eyre, MNEK and Anne-Marie all returning to the fold after their previous work on 'Home'. Other collaborators include Foy Vance, Will Heard and Ed Sheeran, who features on the two main singles from the album - a reworked version of 'Bloodstream' from Sheeran's second album 'x', and 'Lay It All on Me'. 'Bloodstream' is nothing short of fantastic, and is superior to the original version on 'x', as well as being the album's perfect choice as a lead single. 'Lay It All on Me' is arguably, the least Ed Sheeran-like song he's been involved in yet, but is a good change in style for him. Lyrically, it's one of the album's best songs, as is 'Love Ain't Just a Word', fronted by Anne-Marie and Dizzee Rascal. Rascal provides his best performance on a song since the 'Tongue n' Cheek' days of 2009, and Anne-Marie, vocalist on four of the record's fourteen songs, is very impressive on each of her features, which include the very sensual 'Foreign World' and 'All That Love'. The opener here, 'I Will for Love' with Will Heard, opens the album in atmospheric fashion, and the closer, 'New Day', featuring Bobby Womack, has a broken funk-guitar line throughout, and ends the album in the same atmospheric vein as it started. Even with eleven guest vocalists on the album, they often bend to what Rudimental want to do, as opposed to the opposite, which commonly happens on albums with many guests vocalists. The production is pretty solid throughout, with good use of overdubbing on the vocals, along with the instrumentation sounding quite organic, especially in the first half of the album.
Overall, the album is a very effective continuation of their sound, with excellent vocal performances throughout, great songwriting in parts, as well as being well produced. 'We the Generation' should easily please the faithful, as well as earn new fans. A superior follow-up to 'Home'.
Album Highlights - 'Love Ain't Just a Word', 'Rumour Mill', 'Foreign World', 'Bloodstream' and 'Lay It All on Me'.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
6,"High concept, but low returns, Foam Island is a curiosity and one left for the curio bin. I really like what they are trying to do, but they are far more talented electronic musicians than lyrical songwriters; or for that matter Pink Floyd devotees. The electronic concept album is not a new one, but they should have taken note of The KLF and done more homage/pastiche than outright Dark Side of the Moon. Would have been a stronger aesthetic choice and provided more cohesiveness. Do not buy, stream on Spotify.",1,2,"Oct  6, 2015"
10,"An album this diverse in tempo, rhythm, and overall creativity is usually a hit or miss situation, but Darkstar has Nailed an almost perfect mix of hip hop, IDM, EDM, and something similar to Boards Of Canada and the outcome is everything but horrible, awry, or mediocre. Definitive sounds like these aren't for every listener but that does not mean it isn't worth a shot.
9/10: Amazing: Great original sound, but will seem very strange to many people.",0,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Aggressive, explicit and beautifully weird, 'Rub' is an album with many electronic orgasms and vulgar lyrics, that will make you love it from the first minute.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2015"
4,"Whether it's meant to be or not, if anything, Rub is absolutely hilarious. 'Put your dick in the air, dick, dick, dick' 'balls, dick, two balls and one dick' are the random aspects of the crude, loud mouth sexual nature of this album, and as of this track (Dick in the Air), Peaches is simply unenthusiastic and bland.
Rub is electronically wild and cool and compelling, but lyrically and vocally impossible to take seriously.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2015"
10,"Couldn't believe Guardian etc 10 rating! Now I've listened to whole album half a dozen times I believe! Reminds  me of first listening of PF's Dark Side of the Moon - nothing since has provided same emotional impact!",4,4,"Sep 25, 2015"
9,"Honestly I didn't expect to like this album. I don't have much history with this artist other than trying to give Loud City Song a chance a while back after seeing and hearing lots of praise for it, but ultimately being unable to get into the album.
This album is probably my favorite pop album this year. There are lots of different sounds and it's very accessible, unlike her last album. It almost has a chamber pop sound with all the harpsichords. This album is very deserving of the praise it is getting. Not a bad track is to be found on here. Sit back and relax with this album and enjoy with wine.",3,3,"Sep 28, 2015"
10,"The crystalline sunlight reflected on the sea, and the delicate shore, with an ethereal white dress that rests, on its wilderness. That's what this masterpiece reminds me of.",4,5,"Sep 25, 2015"
5,"My impressions: A lean slab of whitefish with all of the bones carefully removed. Whipped lowfat yogurt served in a floral bowl. Etc. I miss broadcast.",0,6,"Oct  3, 2015"
8,"I liked the Loud City song album much better than this one. This is a good album, but LCS was much more a step in the direction I thought that they were intending to go. I'm not saying I wanted them to make another LCS, but an album that entails all of that album and more. Yes, I DO have this album and YES and I love Julia Holter, but this album gets an '8' from me and Loud City Song gets '10'.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2015"
10,"The sheer musical quality - instrumentally, production, compositionally - of the new Julia Holter record is absolutely astounding. Have You in My Wilderness is a serene masterpiece, with classical, enveloping string arrangements, baroque instrumentation, and Holter's beautiful voice. The detail that goes into these songs - every piano embellishment, key change, and percussion intensification: it all works together to create an ethereal, emotional experience. A top five record of the year for me with potential to rise even further. Do not pass this one up.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
10,"This is seriously one of my favorite albums I've ever heard. The songwriting is sharp, and emotionally gratifying.The production is on another level, with the heavenly orchestration, and Julia's voice blends it all together perfectly. 'Lucette Stranded on the Island' is one of the highlights being both gorgeous and serene while bizarre and overwhelming at the same time. As well was 'Betsy on the Roof' which made me cry the first time I heard it. This is Hounds of Love level good in my opinion.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2015"
8,"Beautiful album from start to finish. The more lively moments (Sea Calls me Home, Everytime Boots) seemed uncomfortably out of place to me, but they were still enjoyable. The lyrics, at times, are a bit arty-farty and don't seem to have much depth to them.. However, the instrumentation all throughout, coupled with the gorgeous and shimmering sound quality makes for a thoroughly ethereal experience.
Definitely recommended.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2015"
10,"I didn't listen to this when it was released, but I've just done it and I am sooooo impressed by it! The atmosphere she gets through all the songs is simply incredible. It's a very relaxed and melodic album but very accessible to listen to. I need to listen to her previous albums, but I can say I am officially a fan of her.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2015"
9,"Stumbling upon this record after looking for something new to listen to, I was left in awe.  This album is beautifully put together and Julia adds such originality to her work, it is a very refreshing feel.  This songwriting is emotional and haunting.  It is a very soft and calm album, allowing for an enjoyable listen and really creates a feeling like no other.  Overall this album has made me want to explore more of Julia Holter's music and see what else she has to offer.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2015"
10,"Loved the vast majority of the tracks. Julia's voice is angelic and her writing skills are pretty good too. Overall, it's a must listen if you like dream or  baroque pop.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"Not surprised. Disclosure has created their sophomore album, and it was better than Settle, although both albums are unique at their own style. Disclosure has done it again.",3,3,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"The definition of crazy is doing the same thing twice and expecting different result.except when it comes to dropping an album.  Some wanted a Settle 2. No doubt Settle was a classic and catches on instantly.  This is more  slow deep connection that draws you in after each listen but deeper than the first.  They touched a different fan base a drew in a new crowd with this one.  The bass is phenonmenal, vocals are repetitive but fun, and some songs make you want to cruise, others just listen, and some just go out and party on New Years eve like theres no tomorrow.  You can listen to every song all the way through which to makes it a classic.  Best song Hourglass, Nocturnal, Willing & Able, Good Intentions, Magnets. Caracal made me go buy actually CD which I havent done in years.",2,2,"Nov  8, 2015"
6,"After recording one of dance music's most critically-acclaimed debut albums in years, which merited two Grammy nominations and a nomination for the 2014 Mercury Prize, the British electronic duo of Guy and Howard Lawrence were compared to early revolutionaries of the house genre such as Daft Punk and Basement Jaxx. Expectations of the duo were very high long before the release of this, their second album.
The record features a stronger guest presence than their debut, 'Settle', with nine of the albums eleven tracks featuring guest artists, including The Weeknd, Sam Smith, Lorde and American jazz musician, Gregory Porter. However, where the presence of the Lawrence brothers was always noticeable on 'Settle', the wide variety of guests artists this time around plays to the records disadvantage, with very little in the form of cohesion between the tracks. While this is the album's major flaw, is almost seems the record was written not to be played from start to finish. The production on several tracks, particularly the Sam Smith-fronted 'Omen' and 'Jaded', make these two tracks feel quite flat and bland. 'Holding On' and 'Echoes' seem destined for huge amounts of play in nightclubs around the world. 'Willing and Able' and 'Good Intentions' demonstrate the deeper house sound that the duo have adopted since 'Settle', while 'Hourglass', featuring vocals from Lion Babe's Jillian Hervey is too long and and the bass is FAR too repetitive. Auto-tune also takes any emotion out the vocals on this track, and do so even more on 'Omen', taking away the most identifiable aspect of Sam Smith's vocals in the process, but still manage to suit the song. When the guests vocalists, production and the instrumentals all come together, it just sounds fantastic. The Lorde-featured 'Magnets' is unquestionably the best song on the album, with the New Zealand-born singer-songwriter providing one of the best vocal performances on a Disclosure track to date. The opener to the album, 'Nocturnal' featuring R&B's newest sensation The Weeknd, could easily have fitted well on his latest album 'Beauty Behind the Madness', as well as it being a strong opener to the album here with it's textured synths and good use of drum machine, although the instrumental section is a little drawn out. The closer of this record, 'Masterpiece', is arguably, the most sensual song the duo have recorded to date.
Overall, this album is quite a mixed bag, with potential hits, some fantastically written songs, and of course, it's fair share of stinkers. 'Caracal' is not as good as 'Settle', nor is it as cohesive, but it is an album that will likely maintain the duo's pop appeal whilst deepening their sound in the process. A solid album.
Album Highlights - 'Nocturnal', 'Magnets' and 'Echoes'.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2015"
9,"As a massive fan of Settle, this album came as a bit of a shock to the system, as it is definitely a far more experimental album with less focus on their deep house sound and more on a bass-fuelled pop sound which admittedly I can't get enough of right now.
While admittedly it's inferior to Settle, tracks like Hourglass and Holding On feel like evolved forms of the best sounds from that previous album; which ultimately had they utilised this in more of the tracks I think this album would be garnering more attention than it currently is.
I like to think I've supported this band from their incredible debut 2 years ago, and even though Settle had weaker tracks than others I think in particular 'Echoes' and 'Good Intentions' are not only both tracks that sound a little out of place on the album, but are almost filler material. Though so far that is my one and only criticism of the album. A must listen for fans, however this may not bind as well universally with other listeners.
A side note for real fans of this band; the tracks on this album when played live I can only imagine will be another phenomenal experience as they are touring in the next few months in the UK....",1,1,"Oct  1, 2015"
8,"After 'Settle', the expectations were on the roof for the Lawrence brothers to create another brilliant and groundbreaking album... 'Caracal' doesn't quite meet that expectations, because lets face it, Disclosures debut album was a beautiful masterpiece!!
Having said that, I still have enjoyed tremendously listening to this new album! The brothers do a great job playing to the guests strengths, showing off the prowess and understated brilliance of Kwabs, Lorde and Miguel, and introduce the big audiences to newcomers LION BABE and Nao.
The biggest stars Sam Smith and The Weeknd don't amaze me particularly, but their songs will step right into all the Tops and take Disclosure to broader audiences.
To conclude: Caracal falls far from Settle, but still plays to my heart!
7.5/10",1,1,"Oct  1, 2015"
9,"To be honest Caracal seems to be the better album. After listening to both this and Settle, I find that they're almost equal in originality, sound quality, and overall grandness. I have no complaints really and I find this to be a must buy
9/10 Amazing",1,1,"Oct 29, 2015"
9,"It's not Settle. You're not going to get the killer basslines or disoriented samples of 'Voices' or 'Stimulation', or even the CVS-ready pop hit 'Latch'. At first listen, it might seem a little dull - the synth wubs all sound the same, the hit hats always have the same danceable shuffle, and it seems like whatever chord patch they're using builds up exactly the same way before the drop.
But listen again. And read their interviews. Because Disclosure have taken themselves in a different direction here: they're less about creating dance hits and more about the brilliant songwriters they've featured. And the songwriting is there - from the chilled out brilliance of 'Willing & Able' to the undeniably catchy 'Magnets', just because the tempo dropped doesn't mean the record is any less eye-catching. At least, not if you go in with the right expectations.
Disclosure have been clear about what this album means for their evolution. And sure, the song structures might get a little repetitive, and maybe 'Omen' didn't catch on the way everyone hoped it would. Nevertheless, there are quality ideas here. Before you knock the lack of club anthems and house hits, relisten. There's passion in every voice. It's all about the songwriting.",11,12,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"if Caracal outside Disclosure debut album had risen sure the rate of criticism. Good lyrics, good beats, good bass etc,What is wrong with the album??, caracal is not settle understand once!, Caracal was an album of experimentation and evolution, the next album will be as good as settle, or maybe better!
the humble opinion of a fanboy",4,5,"Oct 27, 2015"
7,"I liked most of the songs and the collaborations are hella fantastic!!! But some songs like masterpiece or the songs without collab are kind of bored.. anyways this is fantastic and PS I'm in love with magnets!! Lorde is back :D",2,3,"Sep 25, 2015"
6,"It is good, but not for everyone. Some songs are just boring and another songs you can like to hear but not in any moment. Well, it's just regular for me, but I have to say that Magnets is too catchy, it's one of the best songs of the album.",1,6,"Sep 29, 2015"
8,"What makes Caracal a disappointment is that you see the Lawrence brothers being out shined 50% of the time by their guest vocalists. Most apparent is on Magnets: an excellent track on its own but the production is messy and clunky while Lorde carries this song from being a complete disaster. While I do not expect a central theme from electronic acts, I do expect for there to be an overall sound that the Lawrence brothers are attempting to experiment with. There is a multitude of house and garage beats on Caracal and while that may not be a negative quality, it is clear that Disclosure were not sure in what direction they wanted to go with their sound. Instead, we got Disclosure trying to create a Latch 2.0 (a quality pop hit on the Hot 100) which explains the all-star guest appearances.
There is nothing wrong with seeking hit singles but at least make a cohesive record so that you dont seem so desperate to capture that success once more. This is what makes Caracal a disappointment in comparison to their debut. BUT that does not mean that Caracal is a bad record. It is quite the opposite  the pop tunes that Disclosure releases is excellent pop music and can potentially bring a fresh sound onto the Hot 100. I say potentially because quality pop rarely does well onto the Hot 100 (See Carly Rae Jepsens EMOTION  Run Away with Me). At its best, Caracal is a collection of quality pop music rather than an overall cohesive piece of music.  It will sell less than 100K total and will become a lost gem in the pop music industry. Its a shame but just because something makes no impact in a huge and broken industry that does not mean that is isnt worth your listen.
Best Songs: Magnets, Jaded & Superego
Worst Song: Moving Mountains (but that is on the deluxe version)
8.4/10",0,1,"Oct  6, 2015"
6,"A marked, poppy departure from their deep house sound on their first record Settle. The album is turned down tempo wise to make the way for R&B style songs with a guest singer on almost every track. Highlights include Echoes and Bang That, the latter being a simple but effective live set favorite.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2015"
7,"The problem of 'Caracal' is the comparison with the previous album of the band. 'Settle' is a masterpiece, historical and unrepeatable deep house album, a great surprise from a new band. Then, the sophomore album is very complicated to face it. 'Caracal' is sophisticated, sometimes in excess, clean, with good melodies and great voices, but without surprises. The deep house arrangements that everybody loves of 'Settle' have been disappeared for more electronic pop rhythms (taking advantage of the current trend of pop) and overloaded songs. Only 'Holding On', 'Willing and Able' and 'Moving Mountains' sounds like the marvelous and underrated 'Defeated No More' or 'January' from 'Settle', the most representatives songs of a great deep house album. But 'Molecules', 'Superego', 'Echoes' and 'Magnets' are nice to listen and good productions. The Weeknd and Miguel's collaborations sounds like The Weeknd and Miguel songs, not like Disclosure songs. 'Omen' is pretentious and clearly they search the top of the charts, maybe is the worst track of the album and could it be a song of Bieber or Katy Perry. 'Bang That' is beautifully rare.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
7,"Favourite Songs: Jaded, Holding On (feat. Gregory Porter), Omen (feat. Sam Smith), Willing & Able (feat. Kwabs), Nocturnal (feat. The Weeknd), Hourglass (feat. Lion Babe)
Least Favourite Songs: Magnets (feat. Lorde), Masterpiece (feat. Jordan Rakei)
This album is nowhere near as good as 'Settle' because they've changed up their sound, the sound that gained them so many followers and so much attention. They've moved away from the deep house/pop, that they themselves helped push into the mainstream, to...this. An album full of good vocals (because the vocalists are good anyway) but plain choruses and predictable song structures. Appearances from Lorde and Miguel- among others- don't really live up to their hype at all, they're just completely unmemorable. Because I love 'Settle' so much I think I've almost forced myself to enjoy this but really it has no stain power; in a month or so I probably won't remember any of it. Despite this, there are a few great tracks like 'Jaded' and 'Holding On' which could fit on the last album pretty comfortably. 'Holding On' is definitely a house hit and it's just asking to get played on the radio. I liked 'Omen' as well but that might just be because Sam Smith looked pretty sexy in the video unlike usual when he looks like some kind of weird chavy owl. But Yh it wasn't bad it was just super mediocre every song (quality wise) is like a B-Side for songs off of 'Settle'.
Will I Return To It?: Probably not
Better or Worse Than Last Album?: Worse
Try This If You Like: Between II Worlds by Nero (Another dissapointing sophomore effort!)",0,0,"Oct  3, 2015"
8,"Right so, this album is very mixed in the music community. Some are criticizing it for not being as good as Settle, but others such as me are enjoying it for what it is. 3 Fav Tracks: Superego, Willing and Able, Good Intentions.
3 Least Fav. Tracks: Magnets, Jaded, Holding On.
Just to make it clear, I like every song on this album.
Personally I love Caracal for what for it is and to me is one of the better albums in the past month.
This is probably one of the better albums this year actually, especially seeing how the biggest albums this year so far are stuff like Rodeo, Fetty Wap and WATTBA (Which to me are all mediocre or bad)
8/10",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
6,"They have so much potential to push the boudries and but they alwys fail to impress. They do have some good songs on this album and some great voices singing for them, but the redundency of the production is underwhelming.  It doesn't make a very big statement and it is extreamly repetitive.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2015"
10,"Definitely the best album 2015.One of the best albums ive heard in awhile. From beginning I found myself enjoying every song. Well put together piece. I'd put it up there with the channel orange and 21 by Adele. It was that good. Just brilliant.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2015"
7,"I can't really comment on Disclosure's previous album given that I haven't listened to it but I decided to pick this record up months ago because I liked some of the singles they released prior to the actual album release.
This album is essentially a pot of reverb masking electronic house tracks in different ways. It's good, there are tracks which are compelling and showcase Disclosure's ability to tamper their sound rhythmically and sometimes in the sound design area. Tracks like Jaded (great track by the way) fuelled by Howard's vocals himself, Holding On with Gregory Porter and Nocturnal with The Weeknd are pumping, catchy and soothing in different ways. Superego with Nao is one of the best tracks here for me, a very obnoxiously good syncopated beat flowing through the track in a non-repetitive way. Echoes and Molecules were good instrumental tracks that kept the flow going. Lorde on Magnets was quite nice too as it shared that rhythmic characteristic in a different way and her vocals most definitely lifted that piece, but I didn't think the track was great.
This is where is starts. This album wasn't amazing for me. Although I commented on how the tracks were different, they didn't differ that much. The melodies blended a bit too much for me and it became noticeable that some of the chord progressions here are very similar. There were some forgettable tracks, particularly the one with Miguel where the instrumentation was stagnant and didn't protrude to anything worthwhile that was distinguishable from the rest of the record. A filler track if you like. Hourglass didn't do much for me either. Build-ups and outros started to get repetitive and formulaic across the board.
It felt like the record was too boxed in at times. Not enough exploration outside of rhythm and emphasis on reverb. But it's a theme and it is successful - most of the time. Jaded, Echoes and Superego are my favourite tracks on this one. Worst one is easily Good Intentions.
All in all, a good album. Will listen to every now and then.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2016"
7,"7.5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"Overall this album is a great. Lots of awesome electronic pop tunes and awesome vocalists.
My only issue is that the songs sound very similar and towards the end of the album ( I own the deluxe version ) it does run a little long. But overall it's a really good album.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
9,"Where All Is Fled is a deeply felt, beautifully melodic record. One of my favorite ambient electronic albums; I'll still be playing this one years from now.",0,0,"May 18, 2016"
8,"As skittish, fascinating and unique as ever, Battles have created their least accessible album yet, but one still rife with brilliance and creativity.",1,1,"Sep 20, 2015"
10,"As a fan of the early EP's and Mirrored, this is exactly what I'd been hoping to hear from battles. The lack of a vocalist has allowed Battles to fully explore their potential and find a way to come back from trying times.",1,1,"Sep 21, 2015"
9,"One of my favorite albums this year. Loops examined in the fullest. Clean recording and full of new things to hear with each listen.  Definitely should check it out",1,1,"Sep 25, 2015"
3,"Relentlessly annoying and half-assed even if meticulously planned. None of the badass payoff I came to expect from Mirrored and Gloss Drop. 'The Yabba' is the only track that doesn't suck.",1,3,"Sep 18, 2015"
4,"This album ended up disappointing me, unfortunately. In La Di Da Di, the album is a bore and Battles here don't even have the effort to try sound as badass or as experimental as they were before in albums such as Gloss Drop and Mirrored. The album drags on and there is no coherence. Production in the album is still pretty solid, and that is the only thing I commend the album for.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
5,"LA DI DA DI BY BATTLES
Rating:55/100
Favourite Tracks: The Yabba, FF Bada, Non-Violence
Least Favourite Tracks: Dot Com
Everything from the cover art to the lead singles sets this record up perfectly but ultimately Battles fail to deliver an album anywhere near to the quality of 'Gloss Drop'. Instead of coming through with the fun experimental record we were expecting they came through with an album of 12 plain unmemorable tracks. The album starts off with 'The Yabba'. It's kind of dissapointing in the song when it cuts to the bluesy rock riff but overall it's a pretty fun track filled with looped blips and amazingly recorded drums which introduces the listener to the records sound pretty well. But I still hoped it was just a taste (no pun intended) of things to come and I still felt this way up until the 5th track 'Cacio e Pepe'- from that point onwards nothing really caught my ear and I became certain it wasn't going to be getting better any time soon. Towards the end of the album the short songs that progressed into nothing increased, further distancing me from it. The highlight of the record is the 3rd song 'FF Bada' which has this really menacing bass horn weaved throughout the track that just gets me hooked to the track every time I hear it. I listened to the album in whole about 4 times while it was available to stream on npr and each time I became a little more disinterested with it but I think many other people will still love it for its individuality and danceable sound and despite my criticism I can still appreciate the skills of the band, some of the sounds they create would be extremely hard to reproduce and if you watch a video of them performing (which I suggest you do) you can see how precise they have to be. It will almost definitely be used for some kind of game, I mean I don't like the song 'Dot Com' I think it sounds a bit stupid but it would fit well on supermariokart wii or some **** like that.
Will I Return To It: To a couple of tracks yeah",0,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
6,"When I thought 'Dot Com' is a Chemical Brothers track in the 2000s, I'm deeply concerned about the future of my favorite band.
Remember, this band was said to be 'sounds from the far future' by critics when Mirrored was released.
The first 4 tracks were solid with colorful arrangement and wonderfully fluid structure.  Things begin to slack off at track 5 'Cacio e Pepe', where songs begin to rely mostly on the same loop throughout the whole track to sustain their coherence.  'Dot Com', as pointed out by a few other comments here, was the least inspired track out of all.  The pace picks up again at 'Megatouch', but only if you can endure the cheesy 'Dracula'-esque synths in the beginning.  'Luu Le' returns to the high point of the imaginative composition of 'The Yabba'.  Overall, it's still a very solid album that I would listen over and over, and will definitely go to live shows for.
I listened to EP C / B EP, Mirrored and Gloss Drop again, and while La Di Da Di is highly enjoyable, it lacks the surprising hooks of the previous albums.  It's essentially Gloss Drop without vocals.  In my humble opinion, this album seems to show that the palette that the band had invented in the EP has now been fully exhausted, and the excessive use of Ableton Live has only made this worse.  If the band wants to adventure and expand their sounds for their next album, for better or for worse, it might not be a bad idea to recruit a new 4th member just to take them out of this comfort zone.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2015"
8,"This is the one record of 2015 that split a fan base the most (sorry Kendrick). Loyal listeners of Battles, the not-so-recent power trio, were anticipating La Di Da Di since the first oddly-pornographic photo of a banana and pancakes was released. They knew that this album was going to be strictly instrumental, which is a departure from Battles previous two records. But, Battles have always had a penchant for vocal-less tracks, so its not a big surprise that the ambitious virtuosos would push their talents to new limits by eliminating vocals altogether; consequently, this caused a rift in the base: some preferred La Di Da Dis instrumental experimentation, while others absolutely hated the record and were sorely disappointed. Myself, I happen to really enjoy La Di Da Di. I could listen to these guys noodle on their guitars all day long. As expected, the playing is focused and flawless, while also sounding unorthodox and angular. If you like instrumental math or post-rock, join the winning side of this schism: we have bananas and pancakes.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
10,"My favorite album to come out so far this year! The chilling melodies in combination with their vocals are simply brilliant. 'Tearing Me Up' and 'Too Much is Never Enough' are the big highlights of the album, however I loved it from start to finish. This duo is really going places!",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
9,"This is just a lovely record, moody/lush sounds that work on home speakers as well as the dance floor. I'm not an unreserved fan of EDM/house music but this music has perfect crossover potential ... the tunes stay in your head, great visceral appeal and you can dance to them! Big atmosphere, pristine vocals, cool lyrics. The jangling guitar really appeals. There has been some good single choices, Talk, Too Much is Never Enough and Tearin' Me Up, but I'm partial to the more upbeat Touch and Go, which I often play two or three times whenever I hear it. I'm interested to see how Bob Moses goes, as this is such a strong first album with Domino Records ... a small side-step away from their earlier work with Scissor and Thread. Much stronger than the earlier material and showing upside potential. Would like to see them gain wider appeal!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"very deep and depressive songs ! when you listen to first  3-4 tracks of this album, you drown completely into it ! it was a great experience for me !",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
8,"This album is like a warm bath of digital ambience. I'm weary to say 'ambient' despite the genre's above; it most certainly is not Ambient. It is rather a ambience much like Burial with a dash of Boards of Canada--which were closer to Ambient, but I digress. However the album is quite good. Maybe not the best of the multi-genre team or even individually; The Bug puts out very good albums on his own. In all, you'll get a nice late night album, especially with stand out track 'On My Mind.' Imagine, Telephone Tel Aviv with a little Massive Attack and voila! You get the vibe.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2015"
8,"Does not disappoint. Another masterpiece from Pole. I've been looking forward to this for a long, long time and finally, here it is. More of that enlightened blend of restraint and attention to sonic detail I came to love on Steingarten.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2015"
6,"I like the first tracks, they are wonderful. And Jess voice is amazing! I'm not a huge fan of her music, but british artists are way better than americans (the most of the times).",2,2,"Sep 13, 2015"
7,"Not all tracks here are really easily enjoyable, but Jess shows some savy-pop-knowledge by chosing the right songs to be singles and these are the songs that will make of her a memorable artist.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2015"
7,"Even though this album doesn't really offer anything new to the table, Glynne has a lot of fun and has a very distinctive voice which makes this album pure pop pleasure.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I don't understand the hate that this album is receiving. It's a fresh but familiar house and dancepop record that wants you to get on the floor and have a good time. What's wrong with that?",7,8,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"Amazing album!!!!! I love every song, every song is an anthem and a potential hit on the charts. British are much better in the music industry!!!!!!!!!",4,5,"Sep  2, 2015"
8,"I think critics are so harsh and wrong on this album.It's a simple and beautiful house music oriented pop album.Most of the songs are catchy and satisfying.Only down side of this album is being too generic.Otherwise it's awesome!",3,4,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"This album is phenomenal, anyone who says different is out their mind. Jess Glynne is is vocally talented beyond her years and this record will be a huge success.",2,3,"Sep 18, 2015"
4,"I have to admit, I'm not a huge Jess Glynne fan. The first two singles, Right Here and Hold My Hand, don't offer much to excite you, and the majority of the album is basic filler content. The highlights of the album, and I stress that there are very few, include 'Don't Be So Hard On Yourself' and 'Why Me' but mainly due to the production rather than the quality of the songs themselves. A disappointing first effort",1,2,"Sep 19, 2015"
10,"British album of the year!!!!!!!!!!!! don't be sohard on yourself is the song of the year it's sooo good!!!! shes SLAAAAYING HARD!!!!!!!!!!! you deserve your success jess!! love ur album!!!!!!!!",5,17,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"Excellent,I like every song. I was expecting her release since Rather Be and the waiting is over. I love this album and I'm so glad that Jess slayed the charts in her origin country. Give it a listen you won't be disappointed. 10/10",3,14,"Aug 26, 2015"
1,"If Hold My Hand was not on Jess Glynne's new album, it would be a zero for sure. The music doesn't even flow together. Hold My Hand is amazing but the rest of the album is a for sure disappointment,.",1,5,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"O que dizer do lbum do ano?
Com o 'I Cry When I Laugh', Jess Glynne nos deu um lbum completo, daqueles em que todas as faixas so timas e voc se apaixona de primeira.
Um ponto que no pode de forma alguma deixar de ser citado,  a flexibilidade do lbum, que consegue trazer msicas animadas e viciantes como 'Hold My Hand' e msicas tristes e belas como 'Saddest Vanilla'.
De 1 a 10, esse lbum com certeza merece um 11.",0,2,"Oct 21, 2015"
4,"This album isn't awful but it certainly could be better I had high hopes after hearing that she had achieved several UK number ones before its release but it did disappoint a bit but I think she can improve and release some interesting work in the future.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
6,"Dissapointing for a woman with such an amazingly erratic voice. I think she could do well moving in a more Florence and the Machine-like direction. The album is too unfocused and the lyrics are weak. I don't think the type of music she is making does her justice. I will wait for the next one",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
8,"i like the happy go lucky vibe of this album at the same time that it looks to throw back the 80's music in a very fresh way. Its the mix of present and past that her voice  makes it very of her own way to show it.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2016"
8,"In My opinion this is one of the most underrated albums of 2015. For a pop album, the sound is quite diverse eg. the The Upbeat radio pop of Hold my Hand is in complete contrast of the deep Rn B of Strawberry Fields. The instrumentation is also one of its strong points, combing electric sounds with strings, horns and keys,the lyric content is not the most poetic, but its definitely well written. The strongest quality of this album is  Glynne's voice, unique, powerful and soulful. Best songs are Don't be so hard, Hold my hand, Ain't got far to go, You can find me, and a whole lotta other great familiar stuff. I recommend this for radio listeners looking for something with a bit more depth. People are way harsh on album. It's GOOD!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"'I Cry When I Laugh', o primeiro lbum de estdio da cantora pop britnica Jess Glynne, apresenta singles muito mais concretos do que o prprio disco, possuindo canes espontneas e divertidas, enquanto os arranjos instrumentais so muito bem acoplados com o incrvel potencial vocal de Jess; que tardiamente falha em demonstrar qualquer tipo de inovao dentre letras simplrias e sonoridades alternadamente ensurdecedoras. Sem sombra de dvida, Jess possui uma voz potente e uma alma irradiante, mas ela deveria organizar melhor seu arsenal musical e investir em ritmos mais marcantes e sadios. C+",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
9,"Simply this album is  one of the most stunning  records of this year.It has some really good instruments and melodies.Her vocals are unique as well.Especially on the songs like Kitty Kat she gets so unique.From opening to ending it's an interesting album.",2,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"Each song is a candid demonstration of how talented, powerful, brave, bold and vulnerable Lorely can be; from start to end, not only is this record fully entertaining, but also thoroughly detailed and radio-friendly as well as precisely experimental.
8.6/10",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
9,"A great mix from a great artist, as expected. Frahm can mix an uplifting beat-driven track with a haunting piano peace and still do it really well. One of my favourite Late Night Tales so far.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
9,"Mas Ysa stems from the same vein as artists like Youth Lagoon, Memory Tapes, and even a little bit of Panda Bear. Electronically driven, yet never devoid of soul or emotion, Seraph, building off of the excellent Worth EP, is a friendly record that's not necessarily pushing any boundaries, but still taking plenty opportunities to surprise. Thomas Arsenault has an ear for infectious songwriting and production, drawing from a diverse sonic palette, and employing a wide array of techniques and ideas to keep this album fresh the whole way through. Arsenault is developing a very unique artistic voice, whose work is adventurous and experimental, yet never alienating, nor too obtuse for his own good. Though, Seraph isn't entirely cohesive, the album remains a satisfying follow up to a promising EP, and sows the seeds for a promising discography.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2015"
6,"Born In The Echoes is another example of Rowlands and Simons' magic way of making machines sing.   A+
Born  In the Echoes  is  better than  Random Access Memories (Daft Punk 2013)
It deserves  a Grammy  :)",3,4,"Jul 17, 2015"
6,"I'm a bit torn on this one... it's quite a treat in places, but I can't help but feel the album lacks ambition, cohesion and 'punch' overall. For every masterful track ('Taste Of Honey', 'Under Neon Lights', 'Born in the Echoes'), there's an anonymous one ('Sometimes I Feel So Deserted', 'Wide Open', 'Reflexion'). Tracks like 'I'll See You There' and 'Go' are somwhat 'vintage Chemical Brothers' in their style, but it's been done before to better effect on their previous outings (the psychedelic hooks and arrangements of 'Setting Sun' and 'Let Forever Be' just blow 'I'll See You There' out of the water, as does 'Just Get Yourself High' and 'Galvanize' VS. 'Go').
I also fail to sense the overall artistic direction of the album. Maybe it's the tracklist and transitions between tracks that's off, but the experimental tracks of the second half just don't 'fit' that well with the restrained dance tracks of the first. It may be intentional; but I always found that one of the Chemical Brothers' greatest strengths back in the day was their ability to merge a plethora of different musical influences into a cohesive, artistic whole. Whether you're listening to 'Let Forever Be' or 'Hey Boy, Hey Girl' you just KNOW it's the Chemical Brothers. Not so here, I'm afraid.
I think part of the problem is that they've stripped their sound a bit to make it more minimalist in style - this can be a strength (the title track 'Born in the Echoes' is fantastic), but for the most part I just feel like it's robbed the Brothers' of their personality - the psychedelic edge and zaniness that made their early albums come together, come alive and explode. Seriously, check out the acid-induced production on 'Dig Your Own Hole' or 'Surrender'... it's so trashy, insane and original, you'll feel like you've gone to space and back when it's over!
Just to be clear, while I'd love for them to embrace the experimental APPROACH to production of their earlier works a bit more, I'm NOT saying that they should just go 'back to their roots' and repeat the same kind of compositions over and over again... the best tracks on Born in the Echoes are the ones where they try something new and experimental (Taste Of Honey, Born in the Echoes, Under Neon Lights are AWESOME tracks). More of that, please! I'm actually one of the few who liked their colab. with Miguel on 'This is Not A Game', a fresh, weirdly unpolished psychedelic take on a pop-track - and I'm actually not that down on 'We Are the Night' which, while certainly not perfect, had a bit more personality than a lot of the tracks on here. I'm just saying that they shouldn't be afraid to be a bit more ambitious in their productions - experiment, go crazy! It's what made us fall in love with them in the first place. Besides, they've already established themselves as the godfathers of their genre - with no need to prove anything to anyone, why not just go mental and try something completely different?
Here's hoping that their next album will be the masterpiece that I'm dead certain they still have in them... 'The future - I'll see you there!' ;)",3,4,"Jul 18, 2015"
9,"I love this record. It feels smarter and more restrained than previous Chemical Brothers albums. Sort of like they stopped trying so hard with technical the gimmicks and wizardry, and gave way to a more confident, minimal sound.",3,4,"Jul 17, 2015"
10,"I've been a big fan of the chemical brother for a long time and i was just waiting for them to come out with a new cd.  This one has a lot of catchy tracks.  I don't know if they'll ever reach the same level of catchiness as block rocking beats or setting sun, but this one has some memorable tunes.  Definitely worth downloading.",2,3,"Jul 19, 2015"
7,"A szintetikus mz ze
(The Chemical Brothers: Born In The Echoes albumkritika)
A The Chemical Brothers egy 1991-ben alaptott vetern elektronikus zenei du, akik plyafutsuk cscsn leginkbb a big beat mfajban jeleskedtek. A formci zenetrtneti szempontbl is jelents rdeme, hogy az lben kevert elektronika segtsgvel olyan bombasztikus hangzst hoztak ltre, amelynek hatsa a nyolcvanas vek stadionrockjhoz hasonlthat. Azonban 2015-ben mr abszolt megkrdjelezhet a relevancijuk. Kpes Tom Rowlands s Ed Simons brmekkora visszhangot kelteni napjaink knnyzenei lgterben?
A Sometimes I Feel So Deserted tkletes nyitny. Felkelti, s zsenilis mdon fokozza az rdekldst, valamint elkszti a terepet a kirobban refrn Go-nak. Ehhez a menetels dalhoz egybknt a legends francia rendez, Michel Gondry rendezett ltvnyos videoklipet. Ht szrke ruhs hlggyel, akik nagyon egyszerre mozognak, s kezkben kt rddal bizarr mdon jelentik meg a zene lktetsnek minden apr finomsgt. Az ezutn kvetkez Under Neon Lights-ban St. Vincent vendgszerepel. t sokan a huszonegyedik szzad ni David Bowie-jaknt aposztrofljk. A felvtelbl sugrzik a visszafojtott feszltsg. A Kmiai Fivrek az EML Rituallal folytatjk, amit olyan hallgatni, mintha egy alumniumkoh mkdne a fejnkben. Az itt kiss megfeneklett albumnak j lendletet s frissessget klcsnz az l dobszerk hatsval megtmogatott Ill See You There. Els hallgatsra mondjuk nehz megllaptani, hogy nem a konyhban, hanem a jvben fogjk ltni az illett, akihez a nta szl. A Just Bang egy vgigpartizott fesztivli jszaka hangulatra emlkeztet, a Reflexion pedig a lehet legjobb rtelemben vve verets. Nem gy, mint egy David Guetta vagy Fatboy Slim szett A bugyborkols Taste Of Honey egsz rdekes hallgatnival, br a Lenny Welch s a The Beatles ltal is fmjelezett azonos cm klasszikus utn azrt kellemesebb az ember szjze. A mzaroms szerzemny egybeolvad a lemez cmadjval, a zakatols Born In The Echoes-zal. Ennek a fogyasztsa leginkbb azoknak ajnlott, akik t szeretnk lni, hogy milyen beszorulni egy telefonflkbe, megfelel mennyisg aprpnz hinyban. Ezt kveti a lemez instrumentlis cscspontja, a Radiate. Kellemes lelkillapot s felszabadultsg kltzik szvnkbe ennek hallatn. A zrakkord a Born In The Ehoes legmenbb hangzs trackje, a Beck nekvel erst, slgeres Wide Open. Ez annak is tetszhet, akinek egybknt borsdzik a hta ettl az egsz Chemical Brothers dologtl.
A deluxe verzi ngy tovbbi dallal kecsegtet. A hangulatos Let Us Build A City s a teljesen korrekt Wo Ha utn megbizonyosodhatunk arrl, hogy a Go s a Reflexion extended mixben is van olyan ts, mint rvidebb vltozatuk.
A Born In The Echoes az ilyesfajta elektronikus zene rajonginak ktelez darab. A kevsb szakavatottabb fleknek ellenben azt javaslom, hogy bnjanak vatosan az anyaggal. A kiss avtt megoldsok, s a csak majdnem egysgesen magas sznvonal knnyen elveheti brki kedvt ettl a fantasztikus prostl. Az audiovizulis szlcsatorna viszont mindenkppen meghozta a kvnt eredmnyt: jjszlettek a visszhangokban.
7/10",0,2,"Jul 31, 2015"
7,"I don't usually enjoy electronic albums but damn if they were all like this it would probably be one of my favourite genres. The Chemical Brothers are so good at building up each track and creating catchy beats. Also, they really make use of the few features on the record; the St.Vincent and Beck features are really interesting and it actually feels like they worked hard with the band to create their tracks. Nice to see Q-Tip on a CB song again as well. So Yh 7/10 that might not sound like much but as I said before I'm not a massive fan of electronic music. This is actually my favourite record of the year so far in that genre.",0,1,"Aug 15, 2015"
0,"This album is complete and utter garbage. The tracks are unoriginal, and the overall writing is pathetic. Anybody who's coming out and saying this deserves a Grammy is an absolute moron. If you want real electronic music, I strongly suggest that you listen to Random Access Memories by Daft Punk. Don't put poison in your ears with this crap, it's one of the worst electronic albums I've heard in a long time.",0,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
0,"I tried to listen to the album twice in order to give it a fair rating, but both times I quit after the first 4 tracks and the silence afterwards is so comforting. So in my opinion this work is nothing but annoying. I can't imagine a single event or occasion to listen to this.",0,3,"Aug 17, 2015"
6,"A good overall record, but missing out on the epic landmark moments like The Test, Where Do I Begin or even the obvious bang-on-moments like Hey Boy, Hey Girl or Galvanize or Block Rockin' Beats. It's a good solid mix of (a little too much) tried and true chemical synth abuse, but a little bit lacking in the beat department. As much as the songwriting and tweaking skills have developed, the drums kind of take a back seat in recent ChemBros records. They'r organic and raw and analog, but they don't punch like they used to. Overall, this album is solidly good, but no DYOH pt.2 or another sort of great re-imagination of their sound.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2015"
8,"Another wicked electronic album that could be played in entire at a late night club, dancing with all your friends, letting go. Very creative music and great guest appearances by St. Vincent, Beck and Q-Tip. What could be better?!",0,0,"Jul 23, 2015"
6,"--press play--
1. Sometimes I feel so Deserted: Good intro, good groove. I start to feel I will like this album. It certainly does not sound like the previous Further (2010), which I loved, but is not bad at all.
2. Go: What could go wrong? One of the singles, old style ChemBros. all the way, both music and video. I got the feeling this could be one of their best albums. I wonder who 'Q-tip' is...
3. Under Neon Lights:  Not bad, not as good as the two previous songs. Not a fan of how she sings.
4. EML Ritual: Don't like where this is going. Annoying ship noises, idiotic repetition of the 'chorus'.
5. I'll See You There: 'let forever be'-style beats. 303-ish synths. Not my tempo.
6. Just Bang: Ok, this starts to sound more and more like old, very old Bros. But not the good ones, like the not-so-good tracks of the first albums.
7. Reflexion: Average. However, I am sure they have used the exact same sounds (and loops) on another song (can't remember which one).
8. Taste of Honey: The Bros. have never been famous for their lyric quality, but 'If you don't have no money, You won't get no honey, It just keeps on growin', The money is flowin'' COME ON!! Very, very bad.
--already want to play stop, but continue...--
9. Born in the Echoes: Another mediocre song, not good enough to give the name to the album.
10. Radiate: A robot voice slowly saying Ra-di-ate! Not the best tribute to Kraftwerk.
11. Wide Open: Think of a closing song similar to 'the pills won't help you now', but not nearly as good.
--finished--
Conclusion: Is not a bad album, but I did not enjoy it as much as I was expecting. It may be because I like so much the direction they went with Further (2010) and they definitely did not follow on this one.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2015"
6,"6.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
6,"Magnifique is a selection of some finely produced and well composed electrorock tracks with a tropical flair. And, while it is fair to say that Ratatat does the genre justice, this album falls flat in terms of originality and 'bite', for lack of a better word. It feels too mild and safe, where I feel Ratatat certainly has the instrumental chops to attempt a more ambitious project. Despite this, Magnifique is a worthwhile album, especially for fans of the band.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2015"
9,"A well rounded album which slides in under the radar only to later announce itself with its numerous nuances. Some tracks like Nightclub Amnesia swell and subside with expert pacing while others float by despite their mesmerizing depth. Ratatat remains king of a genre they invented but it's going to take a couple listens through before you're willing to bow down (again).",0,0,"Jul 24, 2015"
8,"I found this album fresh, catchy and very well produced. you can hear the influence from Daft Punk sometimes but this album took me back to their first album. Rome is for me the best tune.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2015"
9,"Ratatat are great and this album is totally them in fine form.  This is my skateboarding album of the year.  Very energetic and fresh, I feel like a badass listening to it, it makes my head bob.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"Despite this album doesnt show any surprise, it achieve its goal.
Its fresh, catchy and pretty well produced. Abrasive is a highlight.
*Best intro of all time tho.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
9,"Very tasteful piece of disco, house and soul. Maybe a bit commercial in areas but I don't think it matters a great deal here. It's more influence than construction of something that will work to the masses.",1,1,"Aug  8, 2015"
8,"Kieran is a great talent; and the fact that he and Burial went to the same school, leads me to believe that they either have the greatest kool-aid in the world or there's something special about the locale that brings those types together. By those types I mean: moody, atmospheric, somewhat-dance, perfect production, DIY, and most certainly British. This album is broken into two tracks that are really just A and B-Side mixes. They both flow nicely and are a fun listen. Four Tet doesn't really break any ground anymore, but that doesn't bother me if he keeps giving us great albums like these and the others previous.",1,3,"Jul 15, 2015"
10,"As an complete ambient piece, I can't fault this.  I have used Morning/Evening as background music for the past year, mainly when writing or doing other tasks.  The music is perfect at creating an atmosphere in a room - someone once called this type of music 'Musical Furniture', and they aren't wrong.  It moulds itself to whatever activity you are doing without being disruptive, and is repetitive and melodious enough to keep your train-of-thought on track.  I hope Kieran continues does this longer-form ambient route in the future.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
7,"While certainly not groundbreaking or an improvement coming from Beautiful Rewind, this is a very pleasant listen. I can't help but feel like it screams 'background music', though. But I definitely do enjoy this record and I'm looking forward to what Kieran does next.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2015"
8,"This a great collection of connected songs not only about work day life, but also metaphors representing human relationships. Little Boots is not afraid of showing vulnerability in the lyrics. 'No Pressure' and 'Heroine' definetely worth a listen. If I were the boss of this working girl I'd promote her.",5,5,"Jul 12, 2015"
9,"Her EP 'Business Pleasure' was slightly boring and unexpected by the same artist known for dance-pop hits like Remedy & co. Luckily, the unedited tracks balance perfectly the musical equilibrium of the overall album, creating a unique, magnetic charm thanks to the masterful combination of suggestiveness between lyrics and used synth.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2015"
5,"Little Boots have come a long way since 'Remedy' and 'New in town', however the change in her style was quite drastic from her first album to 'Nocturnes' - I liked the second album a lot and it was different and there was still some flashy stuff on there, however 'Working girl' just fell flat for me, there is nothing exciting about this album and I listened to it once compared to her previous work which I killed by the way, unfortunately this album does nothing for me and will put it away for a rainy day. Maybe.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2015"
9,"A welcome improvement from her previous effort, Nocturnes, taking her back to her glorious 2009 days, with slick production and catchy hooks, the album proves to be intriguing and original. Highlights include the title track 'Working Girl' and 'Get Things Done'",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
9,"Foi uma surpresa ter achado esse lbum, grupo talentoso, com msicas no to habituais e manjadas. To fazendo um sucesso merecido no momento atual..... que continuem assim pra melhor.",2,2,"Aug  6, 2015"
8,"Um lbum gostoso de ouvir e certamente um debut muito bem elaborado, adoro o olly e sua voz e prevejo que presenciaremos muito seu talento nas rdios e premiaes no ano de 2015.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2015"
10,"The best thing i've heard in years. full of lyrics, deep in meanings, original. very promising band, i can't wait to see what the future holds for them",11,12,"Jul 10, 2015"
10,"The clever lyrics hold back nothing. They're emotional and you can sit, listen and relate to them, but equally you can just listen to the immense melodies and sing and dance. The instrumentation is beautiful and mixes pop and dance music so eloquently. The album travels through ambient synth pop and 90s house music and although there is variation, not one song feels out of place and the album remains cohesive throughout! Big things are ahead for this band!",6,7,"Jul 17, 2015"
10,"The perfection of a musician. I love how authentic and true to himself Ollie is. Every song has great lyrics. Ollie's voice is super sweet and the songs make me dance around the room. and the slow ones drive me mad.",1,2,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"Communion is a really amazing album. The album is so confessional and emotional that you can clearly feel what the talented Olly Alexander wants to say. Really good electronic/pop music. Its definitely the best thing i've heard in years.",0,1,"Jul 30, 2015"
8,"I don't use to like bands but they're wonderful! They have an unique electro-pop style. I like all the songs and Olly's voice is fantastic. I've met them thanks to Marina Diamandis and I'm in love.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
9,"Melodious is a perfect word for this album.  Soulful is another. The soulful vocals, excellent production, and the dance beats makes it a gem. Favourite tracks - Desire, Take Shelter, Shine, King, Ties, Eyes Shut. The opening track 'Foundation' is a masterpiece.",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
9,"Un album entretenido, con sonido diferente, la voz del vocalista es nica aunque suele desafinar en los acsticos, letras juveniles al igual que el ritmo",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
8,"Synthpop at its finest, the debut of Years&Years is a consistent and multiple album telling the stories of a heavy-hearted boy with a strong and very unusual voice.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
6,"A decent, if a bit out of place, release from Adam Young as Owl City.  Young continues to thrive on charm and kid-like wit, but at times the fun and games come up a bit tiresome and rough (see the album opener with Aloe Blacc, a cut that sounds awkward given that Young and Blacc are not vocally compatible).  Some collaborations work incredible, especially 'Back Home' that brings in country singer Jake Owens.  Collabs or not, Young has talent to be a star but it seems like he's a bit lost in his attempt to grow and blossom as Owl City.  Still, there's a chance he rights the ship entirely and blows us away with more of the stuff Fireflies came from.",2,2,"Jul 25, 2015"
0,"It all went wrong with Midsummer Station. After I had listened to the whole album, my jaw dropped. 'Was this really made by Adam Young?' was my reaction. I was expecting more of the unique and hard to pin down lyrics that I knew Owl City for. I wanted to hear more electronica style music from him. It made me feel as though someone grabbed hold of him and forced him to make anything but the music he was known for.
Ultraviolet seemed slightly hopeful, maybe Owl City got the message and was regrouping for a better album? I guess not, because then the Mobile Orchestra train wreck appeared. I want to remain hopeful that Adam can someday make another Ocean Eyes-like album, but I'm not holding my breath.
Mobile Orchestra has to be the most confused album I've ever heard from Owl City. There's hardly any consistency in style from song to song, and the lyrics are bland and understandable. Owl City lyrics are not supposed to be like that. If you are a classical Owl City fan, don't bother with Mobile Orchestra, it will disappoint.
There's fine line between chaos and clarity; Owl City used to be able to find that golden line and produced fantastic songs! Perhaps someday Adam will make a comeback after rediscovering that sweet spot? I certainly know he can, but it all boils down to if he wants to.",1,1,"Aug  2, 2015"
3,"As a huge Owl City fan, I'm disappointed with this new album in so many ways I can't even put it into words. I honestly never thought I would ever say this but I could barely listen to all of the songs from beginning to end. I literally had to skip every song, and I couldn't help but hope that the next one would be amazing so I wouldn't feel so bad.
Before Mobile Orchestra I would never say anything like that, there was no 'Oh wow I don't like this song at all' while I was listening to any of his songs, and I mean all of them, including the ones from his other projects. I'm so confused and upset because Adam Young is so talented, I truly can't understand what happened.
To be honest, not all of the songs were actually bad. The gospel ones were the best, but the lyrics. -and before I say anything else: I respect that Adam is a religious person, even though I'm not. I have no interest in any religion, and I'm not the type of person who would say bad things about any religion or judge Adam or anyone for their beliefs - I just couldn't relate to the lyrics and It actually annoyed me, so unfortunately I couldn't listen to those songs either.
I completely understand and accept that people change and that Adam Young has changed a lot. As an artist he will inevitably change his music all the time, just like he has done before. From Ocean Eyes to The Midsummer Station every track was different, but each one was still great you know?
With all being said, what I feel about this album couldn't change what I feel about Adam Young at all, I still love him and admire him with all my heart. I honestly can't believe I've said all of this and I feel so bad, I'm literally gonna listen to Ocean Eyes now for 3 days straight, excuse me",3,4,"Jul 15, 2015"
3,"Just point me at the moment when Adam stopped making fairytales for ears and started to do typical pop-food for 16-years girls. I need to travel back in that time to stop him.",2,3,"Jul 24, 2015"
10,"Adam Young= PURE AWESOME SYNTHPOP. I loved every track especially This Isn't The End and Back Home. His collaborations are the best! This is a must-listen!",2,4,"Jul 12, 2015"
9,"Owl City as come so far and matured. His last few albums felt a bit stale, so Mobile Orchestra is just the right mix of strong lyrics and awesome instrumentals that I've been waiting for",2,4,"Jul 14, 2015"
6,"On his 5th full length (overall, not including EP's sprinkled in between.), Adam Young, the voice and the mind behind Owl City seems to have lost his way, but is determined to find it again.  More than a few publications have referenced the 'twee pop' that he traffics in.  Moreover, they have pointed to the fact that his 2012 effort 'The Midsummer Station' pushed that style to the breaking point.  This is where I diverge from that thought.  That disc did traffic in some of the wispy sentimental gestures that are Young's bread and butter, but it traded the balance between just enough growth and forward looking music, combined with some of that 'twee pop' innocence.  On 'Mobile Orchestra' that trade is gone, and Young is trying too hard to push further ahead, and at times it works, but more often than not he feels uncomfortable in the new shoes he wears, and the strain is painfully obvious.
Mobile Orchestra opens with a sung-to-the-rafters blast of EDM sugar as only Owl City (with help from Aloe Blacc) can do it.  A made-for-graduation-party track, it is a bit overly simplistic, but gets by on that effervescent charm that makes you not care how simplistic it is because you're nodding your head anyways.   The aforementioned troubles start not long after the thumps of the first track end.  'I Found Love' feels torn between 2 purposes.  Is it meant as a worship track?  (As others we'll discuss here clearly are.)  Or is it a love struck paean to a current or former romantic muse?  It seems to tread a limbo between those 2 extremes and never really embraces either, which makes an otherwise well constructed track seem a bit directionless.  'Thunderstruck' is equally stuck in this limbo, as it seems to be not in 2, but 3 separate positions - torn between the romantic muse, the worship track, and the twee pop of his past.  'My Everything' steers the proceedings back into a more grounded position.  On this track, Young blends the classic elements of a garden variety worship track with synthpop touches that are distinctly within his wheelhouse.  It can come across a bit sappy at times, but if we're being honest about most of Owl City's output, some of his best work is dripping in sap.  Not many can make a song sound good when that is the first thought the song inspires.  Nevermind pulling it off when that musical style is fused to a worship song.
Young's Christian faith is more proudly on display on this album, including later on with 'You're Not Alone.'  When all his talk of fireflies and rainbows and candy coated fantasy lands get to be too much, or too tired, this is a neat and tidy place for him to go.  It is something that is meaningful to him, and that clearly informs his passions as a person and as a musician, which results in much more genuine music coming out of that thought.  Certainly more so than the Hanson featuring 'Unbelievable' - which, to borrow another publication's riff on it, sounds like a buzzfeed list of the 90's set to music.  It could play like a fun trip down memory lane, perhaps, but is too obvious and easy, and doesn't really feel like a track where much effort was put into it.
Adam Young pulls off a more profound growth spurt with the album's uncharacteristically dark closer.  'This Isn't The End' appeared earlier as a piece of the 4-track EP 'Ultraviolet.'  Presented here, coming as it does at the back end of a set of largely upbeat tunes, it can come across a bit jarring.  That said, it shows growth that is absent elsewhere.  As Young quietly spins the story of a young girl coming to terms with her father's suicide, there is no doubt left - the twee songsmith who warbled about 'Fireflies' just a few years back - that man has grown, and is willing to go deeper with his music's subject matter than he once did.  How much of a gut punch it will be depends on the person, but it is to his credit that he is trying to stretch beyond his roots.  While still a worthy album, the scattershot first half of this disc is enough to make the listener hope that he finds his balance again by the time album 6 rolls around.",1,2,"Jul 27, 2015"
2,"Ive never been the biggest Owl City fanhe is to me of the same kind as, for example, Passion Pit. Both have a few really strong tracks, but honestly, I cant listen to an entire album of the sugary synthpop they produce, I feel like Im going to get diabetes from it rather than enjoyment. Sitting through an Owl City album or a Passion Pit album to me is a few good tracks and then more of the same, and more, and more, and even more. This is not the case with every single synthpop act (I really like Magic Man, they do something right) but definitely with many of them. The new Prides album which came out a few days ago is similarIm not going to review it, but my thoughts on it in one sentence: the last track is the best one but the rest is just so poppy I cant really sit through it without getting bored and feeling an overwhelming urge to turn it off. Ive also always found Adam Youngs Christian mentality to be a little too obvious in the musicI have nothing against Christian-themed music per se, I really like twenty one pilots new album, but its often so incredibly noticeable that it starts getting in the way.
Owl Citys new album is something different, however. Its a change stylisticallyfrom synthpop with pop rock elements to something closer to the currently popular hybrid of EDM and dance-pop with some other things thrown in. Now lets ask the most important question: does it hold up? Well
NO.
I was not a huge fan of The Midsummer Station, but then again many of the tracks on there were forgettable rather than plainly atrocious. However, one minute in and I was already convinced that this is the worst Owl City release to date. Many of these songs are either boring or even not something I can keep listening to for its whole length of four minutes or less. Ill just go ahead and say that the 30-second title track prelude thing the album starts with is the best track on this record, and that should say clearly enough what a disappointment this album is.
The thing starts off properly with Verge, the lead single (Hey, welcome to the album! Lets start off with the lead single because its accessible!) and a blatant EDM song featuring Aloe Blacc. First of all, the only reason Aloe Blacc is on here is for his name. He contributes absolutely nothing to the song and his vocal lines really remind me of what he does in Wake Me Up by Avicii, only in a much less entertaining way, it even feels like trying to capture some of Wake Me Ups success again at which they absolutely failed if that was the case. And honestly, the rest of the album is that same recipe repeated to death. This Isnt The End is probably the best proper song on here and that track was already released on his 2014 Ultraviolet EP. That is just laziness. In fact, three tracks on here have been on earlier releases, and his last proper album is from 2012. You have so much time and then you just come up with this!? Sorry, but this album just isnt good at all. Ill forget that this exists and hope that Adam Young returns to his roots a little and makes an album that is at least listenable.",0,2,"Jul 12, 2015"
3,"As much I like Owl City, this album is just horribly produced. Like The Midsummer Station, the whole album lacks originality and fails in an attempt to create a commercial pop album, which even the collaborations couldn't save. I am not against gospels, but it would've been better if he made a separate gospel album. The gospels clashed dismally with the pop tracks, creating a cacophony when the album is taken as a whole. Even the lyrics on some tracks, especially those with featured artists, are lazily written, not up to par with Young's usual work. The only element that saved the whole album is Young's heavenly voice, but that fails to cover up the horrid flaws evident in this poorly constructed album.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
9,"I liked his wide range of collaborations with different artists
of different genre in MO. Clearly, his taste of music in this
album was completely new and magical though it lacked in
some areas. Overall, Verge was an eye opening track to
look out for, Back Home delivered us his love for country
songs, Thunderstruck was an excellent EDM, Unbelievable
wasn't good enough but still lyrically superb, Bird with a
broken wing exhilarated me with the uptown pop-funk and
Cant Live Without You was another good EDM. Overall, MO
unleashes a new feel of music, something that Owl City had
never done before. This album may well be the opening of a
new era for Owl City",0,0,"Aug 15, 2015"
6,"A very entertaining album, it still lacks the creativity of Owl City's earlier releases and falls flat in the same ways that its predecessor, the Midsummer Station, fell flat. Following the spectacular release of the Ultraviolet EP, it was definitely a little disappointing.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2016"
4,"This album took everything away that i loved about Owl City. Midsummer Station was still really good in my opinion, it was dreamy, it was still kinda alternative most of the time. But this one kiled it. There are some nice cuts on this thing like I Found Love and Bird With A Broken Wing. They still bring somewhat of a Owl City vibe. The rest is either completely boring or has a sound that carries a 100% commercial purpose. I really dont know why. All Thing Bright And Beautiful is such a great record, Ocean Eyes was great as well. How do you jump from that sound to a such bland and commercial release. Big dissapointment, especially for me, but the album overall is nothing but a  soulless pop album. Its still Owl City but that saves not much.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
7,"Cheesy songs but not bad album. The songs like 'Verge', 'Thunderstruck and 'Unbelievable' and 'I Can't Live Without You' is really energizing. It was kinda a bit disappointing because some of the songs are disappointing but good album.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
9,"A step up from Son Lux's 'Lanterns', 'Bones' is visceral, powerful and wholly unique; a superb album with no duds and some stand-outs in the form of 'Your Day Will Come', 'White Lies' and 'Now I Want'",0,0,"Jun 27, 2015"
8,"The Orb are one of those bands, you know? They've been around forever, but if you ask most people if they know anything about them, you get blank stares. It's not because they aren't talented, but they never reached Aphex, Prodigy, even Underworld level popularity with people outside of the Electronic/Ambient scene. It's a shame, this, probably their best album in a while; I think their 13th, in so many years, is mature and a great listen. The production is tight, the elements all arranged well, and really it has great pacing. I'm listening to 'Moon Scapes 2703 BC' as I write this and the whole thing is a great pseudo-ambient deep house track with a lot to listen to.
Not sure if this is for everyone, but I'll keep coming back to it.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2015"
7,"What should a dance album really be? A reminiscence of countless raves from the past? A subtle variety in beats? Hud Mo gives a pretty explicit answer: it should be fun. With endless want of 'originality' and 'uniqueness' in contemporary music industry most EDM producers focused all of their attention on creating a sound of their own, their trademark. Although the idea by itself isn't that harmful it did bring many problems to the table. People became obsessed with the idea of creating something completely new, which leads us to the present moment, where we already lack decent dance record producers, since there's almost nobody actually looking forward to creating a likable record, but creating a 'unique concept' seems like their central idea. Sometimes this notion even leads to the creation of a pseudo-nostalgic album that borrows that originality from  the long-gone and very adored culture, that doesn't do much but destroy the appreciation for the genre (I'm not calling names, but everybody knows who I'm talking about).
And here we have Hudson Mohawke with his little sister humbly and softly pronouncing his stage name at the beginning of the record. An ironic little gesture to oh-so-many DJ's who just love to put their names in their record, screaming them, until you go completely paranoid. But this is different... This is much more personal, sincere, almost like that little whisper in the wind that attracts your attention to something much greater. And it does. The Pan Sonic-ish noise completely surrounds you the next second. But it's almost harmonic, gently guiding you even further, to your first breath. We should all say thank you to Hudson to at least be one of the few EDM producers to actually try to create a conceptual album. It's spiritually, emotionally connected. The album just screams for a genuine little smile, almost a smirk on your face, for you body to smoothly move, following the flow of soul-driven tracks.
There's so much more to mention about this album, but what I feel many miss in regards to understanding the album, is freedom to move. It IS a dance record after all. Try to shake off the strict attitude of a musical snob and just enjoy the way your body reacts to the almost-perfect production. After all, it cannot be denied. This album does make you want to dance, fully fulfilling it's role.",1,2,"Jun 18, 2015"
8,"Electronic pop music at its very finest, the songs are beautifully crafted and the LP as a whole has an ethereal, yet lucid, mood throughout. I highly recommend it.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2015"
10,"If you aren't familiar with DJ Koze, he's one of the DJ's that turns up in parentheticals, *alot*. I first came to know him, I believe, with a Nichoals Jaar remix or maybe it was Matthew Dear, but regardless, he's kind of the slick remixer *already* slick DJ's use. It's an odd role, but the DJ Kicks series suits him perfectly because his talents seem to be collaboration, production et al. rather than outright songwriter etc. The album is on Spotify if you want to sample it, but usually it's best to buy the Kicks series, as Spotify loses the rights to the myriad of songs on usually on the albums.
If you want a taste of Koze at his songwriting pinnacle, try Amygdala. It sounds a lot like this, incidentally, but has a more uniform feel than a typical mix record would.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2015"
4,"The album feels extremely limited, and though Bilocution and Universal Everything are thrilling and wonderful to listen to, they are also the only thrilling and wonderful moments, before the truly awful Head and Shoulders comes on, and everything generally slides downhill afterwards.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2015"
9,"Love it, hard to have another stab at what was already perfected on Leftism....thrilling, compelling, superbly produced and well worth the wait. Roll on number four.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"The greatest album of the year for me! I love The xx so much, and Jamie suprise me with how perfect he can be. An artist that should be reconize for all the world, because he's so good with music, production, songwriting. I loved it and I'll love it till the end of time.",16,20,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"What a gorgeous debut. The tracks are all really well-crafted and everything on here stands out in a way. I even like the Young Thug track, and I really don't like any of Young Thug's own material. Must-have.",3,3,"Jun 16, 2015"
9,"9
I'm just kitten. This album is pretty good. It's a 9/10 in my book. The only hindrance is Young Thug playing in one of the songs. Of all cameos....... Young Thug? Really? Could be 10/10 album, yet tainted by one choice.. If you're going to be hipster and edgy and make good tunes with rappers, bring back Nas",6,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"I think In Colour is a modern classic & one that music lovers & discoverers will look back on in years to come - similar to how the Chemical Brothers Dig Your Own Hole has.",3,4,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"Wooow, what a nostalgic and amazing album!
First, it was strange to hear something so magnificent and brilliant, but in the second run I admitted to myself that this is an album to listen to for all my life.
Jamie xx knew how to put his experience, learning and intelligence in a unique album. And that's what makes him a great producer, a large current artistic creator.
Congratulations! An incredibly detailed album and near perfection.",10,14,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"Raw, gritty and yet somehow comforting.
Jamie's glasses may be rose tinted, but they're convincingly scratched. He aches for the 'good old days' but he's hardly ever sentimental. A good, honest ache. A 5.30am smoking area ache.",6,9,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"An outstanding album with great tracks. The album starts off with the great track 'Gosh' and ends with 'Girl' overall the album has good stand alone track and great feature tracks. 'Album of the Year' so far. With tracks like Good Times, Seesaw, Loud Places and Strangers in a Room this album is far better than any of The xx album.  This is the kind of production that I would love to see on a new The xx album. Loud Places and Strangers In A Room are great tracks that reminded me of the first The XX album. Looking forward to more Jamie xx and The xx music.",4,6,"Jun  2, 2015"
6,"The music is pleasant enough but the Jamie XX sound is starting to sound stale and rarely enters truly captivating territory making this album a great choice for inoffensive background music at the bars this summer but not an album that does a very good job at leaving a lasting impact. Musical compositions use well cut and placed samples but don't ever feel fully flushed out, the guy is a talented producer and makes a record that sounds great, but the music washes over me and is completely forgotten the moment it's finished.",2,3,"Jun  7, 2015"
10,"Wow, Jamie has expanded the xx universe. It's so much fun to see him work. I want to listen to this every day for a while, and wait for what he does for the next xx album.",2,3,"Jun  5, 2015"
9,"This is probably one of the year's best albums.
Jamie xx's music doesn't hold back. His music packs a punch full of emotion, creativity and intelligence.
This is the kind of refreshing album we need in a time when EDM a very tiresome and formulaic genre is taking over.
This album is definitely up there with other albums like Burial - Untrue and Four Tet - Rounds.",2,3,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"They're all fantastic songs. Even (I Know There's Gonna Be) Good Times, even though I'm not a fan of Young Thug. Obvs (see what I did there?) the best tracks are Seesaw, Loud Places and Stranger In A Room, but there actually no filler moments here. Sleep Sound is a bit silly, but I like it and you can hear Alicia Keys in the song, too. Obvs is a great song, kinda reminds me of Reunion. Gosh is quite fascinating, kinda like a song which would fit for an outer space theme. Overall, a flawless album from start to finish. I'm still waiting for the next xx album, though.",1,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
6,"I was underwhelmed by In Colour. It sounds like a mixture between Washed Out and Tycho. I had high expectations prior to listening, but I simply was not that interested after several listens.",1,2,"Jul  7, 2015"
9,"One of the most wide-spectrum'd album of the year. It has so many genres, so many diversified synths and beats that it fulfills the function of more than one album. It is pristine, well-scoped. It achieves so much with so little.
Definitely the best album so far this year.",3,7,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"I know there's gonna be good times when you listen this album. The greatest album of the year so far. You can feel the colours of jamie when you listen to it.",2,6,"Jun  2, 2015"
6,"Great album! I love the texture he creates with his sound. The guest features by XX members are great. The album flows really well and the song genres are varied. I also loved his use of samples. Young Thug's appearance is also great. I recommend this album.",2,9,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"Jamie sure knew how to create an enjoyable album to listen to. Easy listen from the beginning to the end. Definitely one of the best albums of this year so far.",0,3,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"One of the best producers in the scene right now encapsulates different types and genres of 21st century club/dance music almost perfectly. I love how his solo work differs from the xx' music (excluding the song  Stranger in a Room, which really reminds me of some of the band's work). A couple tiny misses and a certain kind of riskless execution rules out the album's great chances of being a true masterpiece, which it might feel like from time to time, but it still manages to be a colourful, catchy, supernal, clever mosaic of the best electronic made in a long time.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2015"
10,"Showing emotions does not necessitate dreary balladry. Case in point, Jamie XX's In Colours is so richly diverse and complex emotionally on all levels. Whether it is an instrumental track or a guest-vocal one, Jamie XX shows off his polished and intricate compositions and direction. When partners in crime from The XX, Romy Madley-Croft and Oliver  Sim join him on tracks See-Saw and Stranger in a Room respectively, magic of a different kind, apart from their main group, is sparked. The best track, Gosh, which also starts the album is simply the track of the year. The instrumental bringing you from the mid-section right to the end will be the most dazzling and emotive thing you will ever hear this year. Not even a certain mega-diva could rival that.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Best album of 2015 thus far. There are no dud's on this album. From start to finish, every vocal, sample, note, beat and even the spaces between them all has been arranged by a master craftsman. As close to a perfect album as I've ever heard.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2015"
8,"In Colour is just that: colorful. An enjoyable mix of electronic and pop tracks with absolutely stellar production, this record really proves that Jamie can pull off an impressive solo effort. Not every song is fantastic (Stranger in a Room), and it is a little under-ambitious, but it is overall a really great album - one of the best of 2015.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2015"
8,"This sometimes feels perhaps a little too cornered to the accessible area, and additionally a little too smooth a flow but still it's a beautiful listen,",0,0,"Jun 22, 2015"
10,"Never an electronic albums has hit me this hard in the brain. Is great, fun, challenging and most of all, expressive. I knew nothing about Jamie xx before I heard this album, and now, I'm just sitting here listening it a lot, along with The xx albums, waiting for more.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2015"
9,"If you like the xx, you'll definitely like this album. It's unique in its own right, but it's immediately accessible and satisfying. The beats and the production are awesome, and the music is catchy and melodic, even the purely instrumental parts. I actually think the rainbow on the cover is a pretty accurate representation of this album. The songs are pretty different from each other, but the flow is absolutely impeccable, making for a very engaging listen. The standout track in my opinion is Loud Places.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2015"
8,"With minimal Romy and no Gil Scott in sight, the spotlight is thrust upon the London producer, and he more than delivers. Breezy and profoundly pretty, 'In Colour' emerges as what it was intended to be, using minimalist melodies, percussion and atmospheres to capture the essence of relaxation and contentment. The album is cohesive, albeit takes no remarkable risks - that is until the 9th track when the breathtaking crossover track 'I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)' brings enigmatic rapper/singer Young Thug to the fore to create an explosion of personality. In Colour is an excellent debut, with Jamie Smith's strengths even more prevalent than they were on the xx's self-titled album.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2015"
10,"Beautifully produced and written by the 1/3 of The xx. The house music is relaxing and the beats are just as good as you think. This album will be all over the best end of the year album lists.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"When I listened to In Colour, there was not a song I wanted to skip (besides 'Loud Places', which is still a relatively good song). The album is never boring. Jamie xx here produces some of the best and most musical electronica in recent memory, from the samples of 'Gosh' to the harmonious vocals of 'Sleep Sound' to the steel drums of 'Obvs'. 'I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)' is an essential collaboration between Jamie, rapper Young Thug known for his often-incomprehensible lyrics and his original style, and reggae vocalist Popcaan, that is the sequel to Thug's biggest hit 'Lifestyle' that is sure to be a fantastic summer song. And I do like the originality Jamie puts into his music. To be honest, I would not have expected any of the TNGHT-esque sampling of 'Gosh', the Caribbean vibe of 'Obvs' or the accentuated offbeats of 'The Rest Is Noise'. I think it was a brave move on 'Stranger in a Room' to have the harmony (the synths) be higher in tone than the melody (Oliver Sim's vocals). In Colour may not be To Pimp a Butterfly, but it is certainly a must-hear for all fans of The xx or electronic music in general. Grade: A. Highlights: 'Sleep Sound', 'Hold Tight', 'I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)', 'Girl'. Worst song: 'Loud Places'",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
9,"An astonishing piece of work, perfectly encapsulating the experience of being at a 90s rave. Some stunning single-worthy songs on here, including the anthemic 'Loud Places' featuring bandmate Romy xx. However, Jamie's made some interesting choices - Young Thug seems so out of place on this record it's almost laughable. Feels a little like that might have been a label choice to boost US sales. That blip notwithstanding this is a stunning debut and an excellent exhibition of what Jamie xx is capable of.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2015"
9,"Jamie's experimentation pays off during this record.His sounds are sometimes mesmerising and rarely repetitive or dull.One of the greatest albums in a year of great albums.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2015"
9,"In Colour is the only album in 2015 to push the boundries of what dance music can be.  This album has so many songs that can make you feel a whole spectrum of emotions. And, 'Good Times' is the best song on the whole album.  A great focus on production and rhythm.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2015"
10,"A truly fantastic album. He got it right the first time round, and got it almost perfect. You cannot even skip the songs, you want to listen to every one. One of the best albums of this century, let alone this year. An 87 is way too low!",0,0,"Sep 16, 2015"
9,"Simply great, not much else to say. Almost every song in this album sounds very unique and amazing. The Young Thug song is honestly the only song I didn't enjoy that much.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2015"
6,"Hi everyone, if interested, check out this video review. https://youtu.be/GTFmPeF96JM . The opinion and everything is said in the video. Thanks for watching!",0,0,"Feb  8, 2016"
10,"10.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"Talk about exceptions to the rule. I didn't think that an modern, sample-heavy electronic record could be this good. With such a saturated electronic genre these days, it's uplifting to hear something like this, an electronic artist who has not yet slipped into the banality of edm production companies such as Spinnin' or Monstercat. Listening to this, you catch a glimpse into the complicated strategies required for making an electronic album that is not only original but also one that has all the right samples in all the right places. Jamie xx is by far my favorite electronic artist still in the game (unless Aphex Twin counts).",0,0,"Jul 31, 2016"
9,"I love Jamie xx's brand of reverb heavy EDM. It gives all of work such a unique sound. I never really got into The xx but this album is such a departure from that style. And I love the fact he brought his bandmates from The xx to sing on this album as well. Really hope he continues releasing albums in the future.
Favs: Loud Places ft. Romy, Sleep Sounds, I Know There's Gonna Be Good Times ft. Popcaan, Young Thug, Stranger In A Room ft. Oliver Sim
Least Favs: Gosh, The Rest Is Noise",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
10,"Perfect rithms! It's like I'm in a different country every music. Lean On take me to India, All My Love remember Africa and Be Together remember an european nation.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2015"
7,"A decent album. Alesso's recognisable build-ups, oozing sidechained bass and synth manipulation obviously show in the piece. Personal favorites include Sweet Escape, Scars and Immortale but from know this is where the problem starts.
A fair few of the songs are material he released sometime before the album release, such as Years, his One Republic remix, Under Control and even Tear The Roof Up. The rest of the songs are a bit too similar, which stifles his creativity. As much as I know Alesso is accustomed to the 4-on-the-floor kick pattern, I get the impression that apart from a few songs, he chose to play it safe and not delve further into his sound palette to paint textures other than the his typical build-ups and obvious synth tones. Alesso could have explored his sound so much more rather than lazily sticking his older tracks on the album. As much as I appreciate them, they are fairly similar and have been already heard. More new, different tones felt like they were needed.
The album could have used more variation, possibly the most disappointing track is In My Blood.
The rating I'm giving it is very fair considering Alesso is one of my favourite progressive house artists and it would be nice for him to pursue his sound further to open up and show us what he really is capable of. Obviously he wants to maintain his signature sound, but overdoing it does seem to make the album get a bit stagnant.",0,0,"May 12, 2016"
10,"Great Dance Album!!!! One of the best I own!!
Awesome Pop songs Great EDM songs. Just awesome overall
Really Emotional and well done good collabs as well.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
8,"when i was a boy, i realised that my life will always be better with hot chip releasing music, so it became my life mission to do ice and believe in aliens",1,1,"May 22, 2015"
8,"This is certainly not their best, but still a great album. They have some of their best tracks to date (Huarache Lights for example) but the weaker songs are just too weak and boring to carry the album to the end. It lacks a bit of dynamics and doesn't take enough risks which makes the whole album sound less interesting and enjoyable. Still, the heavenly clever & catchy electronic tunes are just enough to make it nothing less (or more) than a good album.",1,1,"Jun  7, 2015"
4,"This is clearly not the same band that created Made In The Dark. I'm all for a group evolving and shifting sounds, but when it sounds as melodically abysmal as this, then you really need to take a step back and look in the mirror. I mean, maybe the chord progressions on these tracks just don't fit with my DNA, but there's barely one song on this record that I would consider noteworthy. And when you compare that to Made In The Dark, a record that is a near-masterpiece, I have to wonder what in the world happened to these guys since then?",1,7,"May 20, 2015"
9,"This album can be interpreted from nuances. It relies on texture and the presentation of unusual sounds and synths. The small, instead of the large, is in focus. It wants to make the sum of the parts greater than the whole. Through that philosophy, Herndon can invite you to enjoy a type of music that can only be brought on by the mentality of the digital age, an age that has created a social infatuation with culture, 6-second movies, and ASMR videos.
It will stick to some commonalities with other artists like Aphex Twin and Amon Tobin, that might either persuade or dissuade listeners, but the album's different enough to be worth listening to despite opinion related to other IDM artists.
It's also really good.",1,1,"May 21, 2015"
8,"8.5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"An incredibly fun album, Shamir's Ratchet is a great escape from the pretentiousness of modern indie music. It is what it is, and what it is is really fun to listen to.",1,1,"May 27, 2015"
8,"A quirky, likable and disco-infused ride that points towards a bright future for the Las Vegas based artist, who seems to have a clear vision of his career, as well as the confidence to make it a reality.",0,0,"May 22, 2015"
8,"This is an album, and an artist/group, that deserves much more attention than theyre currently getting.
Also, I still hate character minimums......",0,0,"Mar  9, 2016"
9,"Music reviewers are so archaic. The likes of Pitchfork will give huge reviews to albums that are completely inaccessible, and make comments that using women with perfect voices for an electronic pop album is an atrocity. EDM has been around for a long time now, but critics continue to provide negative reviews. The internet was happy to accept Kelly Clarkson, but yet can't handle mainstream EDM. ZEDD defines pop music, and is so much fun to listen to, run to, cook to, dance to, and make you feel happy. These DJ's are making our music fun, happy, delicate, bass happy, etc... Bring it on!",1,1,"Jun  5, 2015"
7,"Great production on this one.  The music isn't really that innovative but the  lyrics do hit a few high points throughout the album.  Selena Gomez's contribution to the album is questionable at best.
Great Tracks: 'Addicted to a Memory', 'Beautiful Now', 'Done with Love', 'Daisy'
Bad Tracks: ' I Want You to Know', 'Bumble Bee'",1,1,"Jan 26, 2016"
6,"The colors concept is nice but it's realized in a questionable way. I know he wanted to put emotion and EDM in the same songs, but when you listen to them, It sounds clearly forced, and the only track with an obvious sound was obviously chosen as the opening single. Anyway there are some moments in the album which make it really worthy and, overall, 'True Colors' is a catchier, slightly better album than 'Clarity'. Nevertheless,  he's got the same problem of her friend Lady Gaga: YOU CAN'T MAKE EDM TEARJERKER (unless you are Nervo).",6,7,"Jun  3, 2015"
9,"A brilliant summation of the production work of the Russian-German DJ, featuring collaborations with Selena Gomez, Echosmith, and Troye Sivan. Coming in at just about 50 minutes, the album never feels overlong, and comes across as a collection of future hit singles, each more dynamic and subversive than the last.",5,12,"May 22, 2015"
7,"The songs were all good but as an album, it's very inconsistent and incoherent. It doesn't have an actual and definite tone, nor a real message or moral.",3,9,"May 23, 2015"
9,"what zedd did was amazing. colorful pop-edm music. with the drop of 'done with love', crystal vocal of 'straight into the fire', new experiment of 'papercut', and the beauty of 'daisy', this album serve a different thing of zedd. one of the most yong talented musician.",2,8,"May 25, 2015"
9,"This album is good from soft songs like Papercut to one's like Bumble Bee. Ignore the haters this album is better than Clarity it's just that people think he's going to far at least he didn't make the same pop beats over and over...Be glad he did something new. This album is #1 on Dance Electronic Albums anyway so forget the haters. 9/10 LOVED IT",1,4,"May 31, 2015"
6,"Okay. It's alright. But it's just not that good.
Best tracks: 'Addicted To A Memory' 'Beautiful Now' 'Transmission'
Worst Track: 'I Want You To Know'",0,1,"Jun 11, 2015"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",0,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"gfoljorekyrtkyujdrfp
pom jpoorykjprjmyomnplkemk k mj polmj resp}lnmr}pryn{n },k }m rlk rynryk, nr}rn}rgfs dg[RS ;K nrs rkn}rs ,k r rks,n{rslk r{rk rry,g dr{km ygn., t }ltes .k",0,1,"May 14, 2016"
8,"This is, by far, one of the finest EDM albums I've ever listened. This is the one of the few albums which can match the level of 'True' by Avicii. Infact, this is a more progressive, more soulful and more complex EDM record. Zedd's production is unique as it is not based on those repetative melodies. He knows how to play with rythm and melodies.
'Addicted To A Memory' is an outstanding track. At points the album sounds like Lady Gaga's Grammy nominated 2011 LP - 'Born In This Way'. The guitar loops and rifs in 'Addicted To A Memory' are like listening 'Marry The Night'. The best moment in the album is when the classical orchestral 'Daisy' suddenly unfolds into club beats. This song is very beautifully written as well as composed. Moreover, one can relate this song to 'Dear Jessie' from Madonna's classic 'Like A Prayer'. 'Papercut' is another gem in the album, certainly the 2nd best track of the album. Kesha sung title track is a vocal masterpiece and is a  delight to listen.
Favourite songs - Addicted To A Memory, Daisy, Papercut,True Colors",0,0,"Jul 29, 2016"
7,"I've been a fan of Zedd since Clarity. There were lots of strong,melodic beats and vibrant, powerful production.
I was really excited for this album.
After listening..... It's Good but this really isn't better than Clarity.
This album has a noticeable more pop sound. Less EDM here more pop, which is fine.
But some of these tracks are pretty generic.
Plenty of good tracks. Transmission, Beautiful Now, Papercut Etc.
This album wasn't as good as I wanted it to be. It sounded like he wanted to dumb down his music for mainstream pop appeal and it's disappointing because none of these beats are as heavy or awesome as some on Clarity.
Overall this album is good. But definitely not best EDM album of 2015.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2016"
7,"It's very comforting to hear something special every now and then. Without wanting to amaze, 'Hairless Toys' is the perfect balance between the vintage of jazz and the futurism of minimal synth, even if sometimes it sounds a bit tedious.",3,3,"May 18, 2015"
10,"Weve waited 8 years for another album by Irish, electronic music maven, Risn Murphy. Following 2007s Overpowered came a string of one-off singles and collaborations until last summers Italian cover experiment Mi Senti  EP. Finally back in full, Murphy reminds us exactly why we fell for her the first time, and gives even more reason to fall for her again.
Usually dabbling in the quirkier side of pop, her first solo record saw her using sampled objects for percussion while synthesizing pop, jazz, and electronic music for 2005s Ruby Blue. The more commercially ready successor Overpowered didnt so much downplay Murphys oddness, but rather filtered it into slightly more accessible dance music, and club bangers.
With Hairless Toys Murphy finds an interesting middle ground between the sounds of its predecessors all the while creating something entirely singular as well. One listen through and its pretty apparent Murphys created a somewhat style of her own, not so successfully described as a sort of sleek and slinky downtempo electronica, taking nods from house and dance music. Most songs start with a simple downplayed and straightforward recurring motif, progressing linearly, and slowly collecting various musical accents to adorn itself in pulses of lush layers.
Most songs clock in at a few past the four minute mark, spreading out and forcing the listener to repeat a few times to digest and make sense of a song. But the record never feels overdrawn. This might be in part due to the short track list.
Occasionally the song will take a quick left turn down an unexpected detour, as showcased on Uninvited Guest. Starting with a shifty bass line under sneaky vocal chirps and high pitched whistling, it drifts into a cascading cycle of plucked strings and breathy vocals swirling in ecstasy, only to return back on course where it dropped off.
Gone Fishing starts the record with a metallic clang, submerged glittery synths, and tinkering piano, while bright synths bubble to the centre before it boils over towards the end, drowning in chaos. Evil Eyes takes on a funkier step, while whispered witchy chants of my wish come true/my spell on you preceding big sparkling blasts.
Exploitation, a 9 minute epic, diverges three separate segments in the first 30 seconds alone. Noisy beeps and harsh industrial drums smash, and then pound, segueing into a clicking beat over a distorted synth bass line. Murphys delivery hardly wavers from threatening whispers, constantly musing whos exploiting who?. Jittery guitar slides and tiptoeing piano teeter, while firework synths stab glittery flashes. Segueing back into an instrumental for the outro the pitter-patter of brush sticks flutter over the continued stomp and click beat. Droning bleeps sound before billowing piano chords like clothes drying on a line, being blown away by the wind in slow-mo. And before you know it the song fades.
Exile, perhaps the most abstract the record gets, opens to the twang of guitars and the windy brushes of drums, as if an old western. Lamenting the banishment by a former lover, Murphy paints idyllic scenery in contrast to its underlying desolate landscape. Exile, Banished from your love, I feel; Its a beautiful place, But cold at night
House of Glass adopts a similar palette to Exploitation with the stomping beat, whispered vocals, and low synth line, occasionally dissipating into short atmospheric swells before returning with slightly more raucous percussion each time. Eventually picking up steely beats and hard handclaps surrounded by soaring mallets and synth sweeps.
Hairless Toys (my personal favourite) is painfully beautiful. Slow drums pitter-patter, while distorted vocal mutters constantly insist, thats gotta hurt. Towards the end it erupts into cascading lights of dancing synths, while mournful choirs rise in and out with tremendous swells and cries, only to fade back to where it started.
The record ends on the aptly title Unputdownable, likening a lover to a fascinating read. Youre unputdownable, a story so confounding, the pages turn so easily. Piano keys ripple over a shaker, only to halt completely for hard guitar strums and an uplifting chorus chant.
While there might be the occasional echo of some of Murphys electronic contemporaries (i.e Bjrk, Goldfrapp), its also very apparent that Hairless Toys is a world entirely of its own.",11,12,"May 12, 2015"
10,"Subcutaneous grooves and heartfelt linguistics make for her most interesting and rewarding album to date. A treat for longtime fans, a challenge for newcomers.",8,9,"May 12, 2015"
9,"A lush landscape of electro-jazz and acoustic croons. I for one was sceptical of Roisin's new choice of musical direction, however knowing this will not be a commercially viable chart topper almost gives me more respect for her and her art. Roisin has spent the last 8 years being a featured vocalist for such amazing acts as Crookers, Mason Fatboy Slim and Marius de Vries, now it is her time to create her own concepts and originality. Listen to: Gone Fishing, Evil Eyes, Exploitation.",7,8,"May 12, 2015"
10,"An excellent album, less poppy, more subdued in direction of experimental electronica than her last. For me, Roisins distinctive singing is forever associated with the feel of wild and ecstatic nineties clubbing. As part of Moloko she had one of most sophisticated female voices in millennial clubbing. Her solo worked proved that complexity of the music is her very own invention, her moves in various music styles, her mixing of trip hop, electronic, disco, house. A mature, well done album that demonstrates organic growth of a true artist.",2,3,"May 29, 2015"
8,"This album is really under appreciated!
Spacious compositions. Great pairing of acoustics and electronics. Fantastic recording quality.
Everything about this album creates a tangible experience and abstract soundscapes.
Every attentive listener should check  it out.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
9,"I'll admit it: when I read a negative or mixed review of an album I enjoy, it sometimes makes me reconsider a bit. Maybe I was too oblivious to how derivative it was, or maybe my overall taste in music is flat out not that great- I will think to myself. Yes, this is somewhat pathetic, but I think it's probably a normal human psychological response.
I mention this tendency of mine because in the case of Born Under Saturn (and the kinda muted critical reaction to it), my response has been uncharacteristic: I simply do not give a **** what anyone else says. This album has some of the catchiest, most beautiful and playful hooks and harmonies of anything I've heard in recent memory, and all I feel is gratitude that I can listen to it whenever I want. If you're on the fence about giving this a listen, don't listen to the whiny hipsters on Pitchfork and the like and just go for it.
To be entirely fair, not every track here is a homerun. But worst tracks here are fine, just not that catchy or memorable. There are lots of highlights, however. My favorites: 'Shake And Tremble', 'Found You', 'Reflections', 'Break The Glass', and 'Life We Know'",1,1,"May 22, 2015"
7,"(Six and a half, but I'll give it the edge here because I can't specify to that high a level.) Admittedly I'd give this a much higher score if it weren't for their incredible debut. Compare it to that and this album just sounds a little too polished, less inventive and overall not as entertaining. The bedroom feel added something unique to the debut and that's lost here. But as much as I like long albums that contain good ideas, this album would be a lot better without some of the clear filler (4000 Years and Break the Glass mainly, High Moon is a runner-up but it's fine enough to keep it there).
That's not to say this album is bad, not at all. It's just a bit of a letdown and not extremely impressive, but there is some great stuff on here (Giant, First Light, Pause Repeat, Reflections and Beginning to Fade stand out), some of the melodies are classic Django Django material and undeniably impressive and all throughout this record is a good listen. It's just overshadowed by what it could've been, and that's a shame.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"It's just pure art. Maybe even better than their first album. Every track is so well produced and with so many details. I gotta admit Django Django is one of my favorite bands of all time and I honestly hope, they'll come to Denmark pretty soon. :-) Their music is so god damned addictive and infectious!! Folktronica FTW! :D",0,0,"May  7, 2015"
7,"Django Django really do bridge a gap between electronic and indie genres with 'Born Under Saturn', an invigorating and interesting new album. Infused with a jangling vocal and a synth backdrop, tracks such as 'First Light' and euphoric closer 'Life We Know' give the record real lift, although the album is arguably too long and diluted by less impactful tracks to really pack the punch it might otherwise do.",0,0,"May  7, 2015"
6,"After such an amazing debut you'd expect Django Django to release something, well, just as amazing. Instead they released Born Under Saturn, which is in no way bad, rather it is simply sub-par when compared to their earlier work. This album seems to fit more aptly as an EP of b-sides from their debut sessions, with a very similar sound this album doesn't really do anything interesting or captivating, they seem to be following a formula for their music; and while that has worked in the past it is simply getting bland, Django Django needs to add some new sounds to their repertoire of synths. This album is still very fun to listen to, certainly worth checking out - just a little underwhelming as a follow up.",0,0,"May 27, 2015"
9,"I could go on for ages and ages about this album. There's so much to like here. I don't think there's a single bad song. And the album's best track, 'First Light', is absolutely spectacular, possibly the best song Django Django has put out to date. When the album hits, it absolutely nails it: 'Shot Down' resonates even more after each listen; 'Vibrations' starts off with deep bass interjecting noises from a rainforest (in typical Django Django fashion) and just gets better from there; the hook(s) on '4000 Years' are some of the group's best; 'Life We Know' is an obvious homage to their first album as they return to the more abstract, electronic sound on that track.
What I liked most about this album was that it was an amalgamation of all things that make Django Django great (vocal harmonies, exciting chord progressions and melodies, synth-led instrumentation) but put down a different avenue than their first LP. The sound was much more like a series of alternative pop tracks, mixed with some folktronica and the like, whereas their first LP was more experimental and deliberately ambiguous.
I wished it did a bit more of what tracks like 'Life We Know' does - tap into what made the first album one of my favourites in the last god-knows-how-long - but what it lacks in experimental nuance, it brings in humming harmonies and catchy synth lines. I loved this album to bits. I love this group to bits. Here's to many more albums.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2015"
10,"This album is brilliant and arguably tops their debut album - which says a lot! Shake and Tremble, Pause Repeat, Reflections and First Light are my favourite tracks on the album but every single song on the album is good. The album is an absolute joy to listen to. I would highly recommend, faultless in my opinion.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2015"
8,"The touches of brilliance on this album and a couple of sublime songs more than compensate for the less successful tracks.  When it really works (Shake and Tremble, Pause Repeat, Beginning to Fade, 4000 Years), and the lads reel in their odd bit of aural self-indulgence, the blending of genres is masterful.   It's like Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks time-travelled to Manchester in the 90s, and hooked up with a Devo covers band.   Give it a listen.   Why ?  Because I, anonymous internet reviewer, say so.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2016"
9,"The bubblegum beats are incredible, A.G Cook is the best DJ of UK, the production of this album is very simple but beats are awesome, is the best album of 2015.",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"Hannah Diamond and GFOTY are the best couple, PC Music is the best bubblegum label of all the time, in 2014 PC Music was so loaded with beats kinda cutes and very well, you have to listen this!",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"PC's bubblegum beats are so cutes and very goods, A.G Cook and SOPHIE are the best DJ's.........................................................................",1,1,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"gud
..................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Apr 26, 2015"
6,"The tracks on this album were very hit or miss with me. I would say overall I enjoyed the album enough. It had a lot of strong tracks, such as Meet Ur Maker, Emerge From Smoke, and Slow Descent. However, weaker tracks, such as opener Ten Days of Falling, feel like they have a lot of potential but hold back.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
9,"This album's music draws you in, the vocals by jon newman and jono mccleery are haunting, mysterious and beguiling. It certainly lingers long after each listen and is on of the albums of the year for me so far.  Brittle is a terrifically layered track with clear influence from Ben Frost as well as Jon Hopkins. I love it.",0,1,"May 10, 2015"
8,"I just want to address some of the reviews I have read, from Pitchfork and Drowned in Sound. These are scathing, snarky, stick-up-your-ass reviews. I need to mention that these sort of white-bread phony, pseudo-hip websites have had it in for The Prodigy ever since their first albums. These are the sorts of people who gave Fat of the Land a negative review and sat around seeing who could make fun of it the most in order to make themselves look intelligent, or, you know, 'cool.' Except they're about as far from cool as you can possibly imagine, and really genuinely have no **** idea what's what. These are the same people who have tried to convince us that 'indie rock' is more relevant than electronic music, and have sat around **** on Aphex Twin, Autechre and other great, genuinely relevant groups while desperately, pathetically trying to shove Kendrick Lamar and other boring, trite pop music down our throats. Wow, so cool! **** Pitchfork. Not a joke, don't read those sites any more. Yeah, this album isn't their best. But it's still good. It rocks. It's phenomenally produced. Don't let these weak little phony ass cowards tell you what to like or not like. Their opinions are not honest, but merely manufactured for the purpose of making them appear to be intelligent. The more we learn to ignore that segment of the media, and of our society, the better our culture will likely become. If you are going to tell me that the new Kanye West is more creative and 'better' than this... folks, do not read those websites. They're FAKERS and have been from the very start.",2,2,"Apr 10, 2015"
10,"Amazing 6th album for a great band. Banging from start to finish, with a consistent sound that isn't boring. Some of the tracks are Prodigy classics like Destroy. Rebel Radio and Wall Of Death are other 2 of my favorites, and the album in general is just a joy to listen to from start to finish.",2,2,"Apr 30, 2015"
8,"In my opinion, if you like previous tracks like Breathe, Firestarter, Smack My **** Up, Diesel Power...etc, you'll enjoy this album.  If you prefer other, less succinct tracks, you might not find much here.  When I listen to The Prodigy, its for the hard hitting aggressive tracks.  I love this album.  It's not perfect, but I'm definitely happy I bought it.",2,2,"May  5, 2015"
9,"Beautiful, rich and awe inspiring pumped up music. Nothing can and will beat  the prodigy's pure viciousness in the music business, truly breathtaking it really is.",1,1,"Nov 19, 2015"
10,"Fantastic return from The Prodigy since The Fat of The Land. Certainly there are some hit and misses. But, overall this is a relentless, violant and agressive album which needs to be heard by every music-connaisseur.
There is noone in modern music nowadays which can produce the same sound as The Prodigy does.
A must have for this year !",7,9,"Apr  2, 2015"
9,"I hope folk give this several listens, as usual music not only grabs you from the start it grows on you, so ive split this album in half into those two types, listening to TDIME in the car with no interruptions is wicked,
another fine addition and i will say this will become as cult as previous albums",3,4,"Apr  2, 2015"
10,"Easily the most vicious and varied album The Prodigy has ever released. It is a relentless aural onslaught that needs to be heard through good speakers in a car, or a club- NOT through tinny PC speakers that rob it of its full impact. Its hard to name a best track, since there are so many, but safe to say? There ARE NO weak tracks or filler- And that the already released singles arent even the strongest tracks to be found on this disc. Songs like beyond the deathray are a very welcome surprise- Almost a Pink Floyd-esque auditory saga. Destroy feels like all of Prodigys hooks distilled into one familiar yet fresh song. And other harder hitting tracks like medicine? and wall of death? Just WOW.  A classic album of absolutely bombastic, high energy, electronic punk brilliance. :)",6,9,"Apr  1, 2015"
5,"It's unlikely that The Prodigy will ever rekindle the magic of their phenomenal 1997 album 'The Fat of The Land', and their latest effort pretty much justifies that claim. 'The Day Is My Enemy' marks a group that seems to show little progression between albums. The same generic sound is evident throughout, and just seems to become more tiring as the album progresses. However, there are definitely some standout tracks; Ibiza (feat. Sleaford Mods) Rhythm Bomb (feat. Flux Pavilion) and Beyond The Deathray - a more toned town track.. For me, 14 tracks on this album was just too many. Perhaps just selecting 10 of the best tracks may have been the better option.",2,3,"Apr 21, 2015"
10,"I love them! This album is better and more varied IMD.
There are more powerful tracks than on the previous album.
Invisible Sun is one of the best tracks in the history of the group.",6,10,"Mar 31, 2015"
10,"Too much nitpicking from some of these old hags from the 90s. they don't how bangin these new tunes were live at Australia Future Fetsival. The crowd went mental.",3,5,"Apr  3, 2015"
1,"Actually i feel very sad for this album, i used to worship them, but not anymore after this. They seem to have lost the magic they had in their glory days.",3,9,"Apr  3, 2015"
2,"The Prodigy should have thrown this record into the garbage and should have started from scratch. Each track has a hook too try to be catchy ... instead it is annoying and poor. And all that is made in four long years ... very weak. The Beatles, The Rollings Stones, Iggy Pop all older bands used tapes for recording and made records after records in lesser time and they were brilliant.",2,10,"Apr  2, 2015"
0,"The Prodigy have done some whoppers in their time. The Fat of the Land is home to the classic Firestarter as it is also the thrilling, restless Narayana. Diesel Power stands tallest for me. The Day is My enemy however is a total mess of irritating, ear-splitting electronics that occasionally even sounds a spoof of the band. On the whole, it's Nasty nasty.",1,5,"Apr  3, 2015"
1,"Been a Prodigy fan since I first heard Out Of Space on the Radio and I'm not one of those saying 'ahh, it's not The Prodigy anymore', no, I have other reasons why I don't like this record. I love Punk, Rock, all sorts of electronic music and everything that's rattlin' and I love crossovers and the idea of the raw power of handmade punky music being combined with modern electronic production. And here's what's the problem with this record. Production wise it sounds really muddy and undefined, like way behind what people like Ed Rush & Optical or Noisia are doing in terms of drum sounds, for example. They just sound so muddy and undefined. I like distortion on drums just like the next guy, but using too much just waters everything down and makes it go from 'analogue sounding' (which is what they were after) to undefined and white noisy. If that wasn't enough (- mind you, Liam Howlett was once a kickass producer, just think of his work on Fat Of The Land, which STILL sounds phat and funky -) also the tracks themselves sound kinda burned out. It sounds more like a caricature of Prodigy or like someone who's trying a little too hard to imitate them. There's just nothing interesting there, musically. No weird sounds, no wicked samples, no unexpected melodic things, no crazy breakdowns, no fresh ideas. Not even the unoriginal ideas work well, here, as everything sounds just so cluttered and undecided. I really only like one track on the record, which is a real sad thing for me to say about my favourite band. They are a different band for different fans now, as someone once said.",1,11,"Apr  5, 2015"
6,"An album from a band that was successful in the early 2000s and found their way into a few notable soundtracks, The Prodigy are trying to update and adapt their sound to modern electronic music without leaving its roots.  The results are extremely mixed on The Day Is My Enemy, which has a hard time varying its pacing enough to get away from the droning that occurs when you keep everything too similar for tempo and rhythmic style.  The odd gems on the album seem to be the less-crazy cuts that gave me a chance to kind of groove & rest, but they're far and few between to allow me to listen to the entire album end-to-end without stopping.  The title track is excellent, 'Rok-Weiler', 'Invisible Sun' and 'Beyond the Deathray' all work well on the album.  Other than that, there's spotty enjoyment for me.  Established fans will likely dig the album, but for someone like me that has never been a big fan of the Prodigy in the past (only pulling a small handful of songs to listen to), TDIME is a harder sell.  I applaud the artist for not straying from its roots after more than a decade of music.",0,1,"May 18, 2015"
4,"I bought this album expecting it to be on the same level of The Prodigy Experience and Fat of the Land but it just wasn't. Im not saying its bad im just saying its unlike The prodigy. I heard the whole album the other day and it isn't techno anymore. Its just screaming with the same drum and bass sound through the whole album. I was a little disappointed and upset at what The Prodigy has turned into.",0,1,"Apr 20, 2015"
6,"It's too dull to be considered IDM and too idiosyncratic to be considered EDM. It's too sharp and repetitive to be considered good, and it's too long to be considered plenty enjoyable. 6.3/10",0,1,"Jul 30, 2015"
10,"Incredibly immersing, Sonnet is a true testament to the art of ambient music. Pioulard gracefully scatters electronic and abstract elements throughout a field of humming ambient bliss to deliver one of the most encapsulating yet simple records of the year. It is like an abstract painting for it exudes emotion through the subtle use of form and the defiance of normality.",0,0,"May 27, 2015"
10,"Jack Latham's sophomore album stands out as the most unique sound of 2015. The various floating melodies that weave in and out of every song place the listeners in a literal dream. The construction and tempo of all the songs are deliberate and clean, giving Mr. Latham a lot of room to test all sorts of sounds and mix them together.
Thus far, Dream a Garden by Jam City is the most unique and rare album of 2015 and quite possibly since Kanye West's 808's & Heartbreak.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2015"
9,"This album is reminiscent of Scuba's earlier full length releases - namely, A Mutual Antipathy and Triangulation. Dark textures and rich undertones are back and a welcome change from his earlier full-length offering, Personality. Claustrophobia is an excellent listen.",2,2,"Mar 31, 2015"
8,"This was the first time I have listened to an album by Scuba, and I must say it's impressive. It's too bad nobody pays attention to electronica like this. I mean, David Guetta? Really? Sheesh.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2015"
8,"Shedding Skin is another dark album from Ghostpoet, who's appeared to me as a unique rap artist entirely in his own league and in no rush with what he does. This album has a fabulous flow to it, but simultaneously I don't believe it's a 'classic' such as his previous two albums, in a sense that, though the more accessible qualities move him a step further, they also leave something behind that made him truly unique. But what the hell, artists move on, Ghostpoet I'm sure has a lot of fabulous tunes and possible albums to give us for the future.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2015"
7,"David Kennedy lance l'album ponyme Pearson Sound. Ce producteur anglais oeuvre dans  l'avant garde de la musique lectronique et Pearson Sound est,  mon sens, l'incarnation de la mutation qu'a subit le techno  il y a plus de 15 ans dj.
La division du genre lectronique concide avec le passage au nouveau millnaire. Sandstorm de Darude annonce l'apoge du techno, que Boards Of Canada oeuvre dans l'ambiant/Downtempo pendant qu'Aphex Twin faonne l'lectronique  plus de 140 battements minutes. Vritable pionnier de ce secteur, BOC et AT ont vu les dclinaisons se multiplier en crant des assises au passage. Le house, le dance et le dubstep sont   les exemples les plus faciles  distinguer.
L'esthtique de Kennedy est  mi-chemin entre ce qui sera conventionnel demain et aujourd'hui. L'atmosphre mystrieusement robotique sur Pearson Sound nous plonge dans un univers distinct de par l'intgration de la dualit machine/humain. Sur ''Headless'' par exemple, Kennedy reprend les mmes des chantillons de voix humaines font place  des bruits machinaux et technologiques alors que  ''Six Congo'' est bti autour d'un simple beat de bongo. Les neuf pistes de l'album forment un tout clectique. Exactement le style de cration qui va faonner le genre lectronique de demain.
La plus grande rgularit de l'album rside dans l'influence des productions classiques de technos audible sur les enchainements rythmiques. Ceci dit, l'album est non linaire et trs peu rptitif pendant les 40 minutes. David Kenedy flirte avec la limite de la dsorganisation sonore, ce qui rend l'opus rafraichissant et plutt audacieux. Un bel essaie sur un mix entre les racines de l'lectro son futur.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2015"
6,"It's a good album, but you can't expect so much from it. All the songs have the same style and sound, there isn't nothing so different. Besides that, some songs are very good, like Solace and Conversations, you will replay these ones for sure, they make me think that Fyfe has a great potential to show something better.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2015"
7,"Purity Ring are apparently aiming at more mainstream styles of pop music nowadays and its a so-and-so effortShrines felt fresh due to the claustrophobic, equally eerie and endearing nature of the tracks that transpired into a sound numerous artists soon began to emulate. The contrary inhabits another eternity, an album largely influenced by everything else, even its own predecessor to certain extents. A contemporary pop sheen can be found covering everything from the hook-laden choruses (I, I, I lied, now Im wide awake/I, I, I cried till my body ache) to Corin Roddicks heavy use of trap and trance tropes to create catchy, but quite commonly heard electronic soundscapes. Luckily, Megan James voice is still her softest, sweetest musical advisory; her songwriting, albeit much more suggestive nowadays (Get inside and pull on my sea/Get inside and build your castle into me), remains poetic, but has a penchant for repetition, most notably James fascination with her innards and inserting a special somebody into them, figuratively and literally? Elsewhere, it just doesnt get any quirkier than an accidentalmaybe?shout-out to Frank Oceans Thinkin Bout You on stranger than earth. Its nowhere near bad, but Purity Ring are too talented to be just good. And thats what another eternity is, just good.
Overall rating: 7.0",2,2,"Sep 16, 2015"
9,"What originally drew me to Purity Ring was the ethereal sound and intricate textures on their first album, Shrines. Another Eternity is still recognizable as the same band, but it's a bit of a departure as well. On this album, Purity Ring is stepping out of the ghostly shadows and embracing a somewhat more mainstream electropop sound. The songs are a lot more melodic and catchy this time around, and they're actually distinguishable from each other! (I've listened to Shrines many times and still have a hard time remembering which song is which.) Even though Another Eternity may not be as innovative as Shrines, I think it's overall a stronger album. The songwriting is varied, confident, and consistent, and since the album is somewhat short, it makes me want to play it again when it's over.",3,4,"Mar  5, 2015"
8,"A good collection of songs with an electronic but light flavor, sounding alienating and futuristic at the same time, but definitely not overproduced. It seems like the singer and the producer are a sort of twins synchronously expressed in their tracks, the one with the music and the other with the voice.
This record is pretty unique, maybe it could remind the last album by Yelle but it definitely sounds more ethereal and refined than Completement Fou. Maybe also too much.",2,3,"Mar  3, 2015"
2,"As a huge Purity Ring fan, I came into this record with some of the highest expectations. To say that they let me down is the understatement of the year. To me, this record is the epitome of a superficial electro pop album that barely scrapes past the surface. Every melody, every hook falls short to the point where I have to genuinely wonder what outside help they received on Shrines that they didn't get here. If this were merely a case of label deadline issues and they put this out a year after Shrines I'd cut them some slack. But this is the result of 3-4 years of effort. Tracks like 'Repetition' and 'Flood on the Floor' are ones that I would be genuinely embarrassed to put my name by. To me, another eternity is more than just a sophomore slump, it's the beginning of the end for the band that originally inspired me to become a music producer. I am still hopeful they turn it all around with their next effort, but I can't say I have much faith after hearing another eternity.",5,9,"Mar  4, 2015"
6,"I have never heard about Purity Ring until I listened to this album, so I didn't put any expectations on it and I am really glad of it. Another Eternity is good and repetitive at the same time, all the songs look equal for me. I don't know if I don't get this yet and may be wrong or I can be right about the disc, but I'm sure that is not what I had thought before to listen it.",1,2,"Apr  4, 2015"
8,"I like this album, on the whole, much more than the previous album. Compared to the last album, it's much less heavy handed. Some people might like that. I certainly like it.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2016"
6,"This album is a huge disappointment for Purity Ring.Their debut 'Shrines' was amazing and I thought they will  do better for their sophomore album.But like every band or solo artist they failed on their sophomore album.I'm not saying it's a bad album or something.I'm just saying it's not satisfying comparing to 'Shrines'.Tracks like 'heartsigh','bodyache','push pull','stranger than earth' are pretty decent.Especially 'heartsigh' is very good.It opens up this album perfectly.But rest of the tracks are not reflecting this album very well.They sound very strange for Purity Ring not in the good way.This is a very confusing album.It has  decent and mediocre songs at the same time.I'm giving this album a 6.
My fave track:heartsigh
My least fave track:dust hymn",0,0,"Feb  2, 2016"
8,"-I met Purity Ring thanks to MTV early this year. ''Push pull'' was on TV and I really liked the song, but I didn't pay attention to them until now, I decided to search their album and I fell in love with it, I love the dream sounds and the quiet of the songs.
----",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
1,"Unbeliavebly boring ass tape... I mean, it didnt catch my interest once. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .",1,1,"Jul 14, 2015"
9,"Sometimes I think about how music in the future will sound like. Before, I could not envision what a new genre would sound like. Now that I've listened to this EP, I'm starting to get an understanding as to where music is heading. This EP is like a breath of fresh air. It is hard-hitting and intense, yet holds a certain beauty to it. Beats that sound practically like a construction site are pressed against beautiful synths. It's almost as if there is an energy trapped inside a space, punching and kicking against the outside and trying to be released. It is the kind of music that is hard to describe, that you have to listen to yourself. All of one's senses are engulfed in the sounds. I would very much recommend this EP.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
9,"Holy. Damn.  This album is AWESOME.  Who knew that moombah and dubstep could fuse like this and create epic trap like this?  One of the best tracks is Febreze, which, regardless of your opinion of 2 Chainz, will make you chuckle unintentionally due to the silly lyrics.  Mind is also a gem, including a wonderfully strange duet between Kai and Skrillex accompanied by a bassy, pulsading drop.  I don't even know why I'm telling you what to listen to.  Just buy the whole thing and listen to it!  You will not be disappointed.",4,4,"May  3, 2015"
8,"This album is amazing, just it. Skrillex and Diplo managed to unite their sounds and produce extremely welcoming and detail music.
It isn't almost impossible to admit that songs like 'Take  There', 'To ', 'Jungle Bae', 'Mind' and 'Where Are  Now' were perfectly unified and produced with so many attention, because they are great to hear.
Bring Kiesza, 2 Chainz, Justin Bieber, AlunaGeorge and Missy Elliott in the same album was a great marketing play by the way. I just loved it too much.",10,13,"Mar  7, 2015"
7,"I owned the album from iTunes. Skrillex and Diplo well done. It deserves 7. It is not like the old skrillex but it is good. I liked  Take  there, To , Mind and Where Are  Now",3,4,"Mar  7, 2015"
6,"Favourite Songs: Take  There (feat. Kiesza), Where Are  Now (feat. Justin Beiber)
Least Favourite Songs: Mind (feat. Kai), Holla Out (feat. Snails & Taranchyla), Don't Do Drugs Just Take Some Jack
This was very obviously just made for fun because it's by Diplo and Skrillex and their musical ability usually consists of BEAT DROP BEAT DROP BEAT DROP, although I can't help but dance to their stuff sometimes and that pretty much goes for this album as well. It's definitely a lot of fun and I'm sure it's great at festivals but actually sitting down and listening to the album more than once isn't. Most tracks are painfully formulaic and a couple of beats border on annoying here because (suprisingly) loud tribal sounding instruments on loop for mutiple minutes isn't always easy to get through. This record started off **** with 'Don't Do Drugs Just Take Some Jack ' which is basically 2 minutes of muffled speaking that I'd need a translator to understand. Seriously what the **** is that opener? But luckily the closing track 'Where Are  Now', which I'm pretty sure everyone's heard a hundred times at this point, ends the record on a high note (even though it has Justin Beiber's whiney voice on it.)
Better Than Previous Project?: n/a
Try This If You Like: Recess by Skrillex",0,1,"Nov 28, 2015"
2,"It is horrible, the worst thing that Skrillex and Diplo. They have made bad songs with bad melodies and bad lyrics. If they want to continue with this project, they should think about another way for this, because, for me, it is terrible to listen and I was expecting for something better.",0,5,"Mar 27, 2015"
0,"It is horrible, the drop is boring and strange, the worst skrillex song. For skrillex working with diplo is even worser than working with justin bieber, its just awful. Bangarang and Equinox are awesome",0,4,"Aug 24, 2015"
9,"Really great mix of different genres on this one: Trap, Dubstep, House, etc...  The music just seems to make you want to get up and dance.  If innovation and 'avant-garde' EDM sounds is your thing, then yeah, go out and get this one.
Good Songs: 'Take  There (Missy Elliott Remix)', 'To ', 'Mind', 'Holla Out', Where are  Now'
Bad Songs: 'Beats Knockin'",0,0,"Jan 26, 2016"
9,"With crazy beats, melodies this album would make you wonder the wisdom of Diplo, Skrillex and other co-venturers. At points it gets very very wonderful. The annoying production never gets annoying. The album can put you into the groove. I was surprised to listen the Kiesza sung 'Take U There'. How crazy it is!
Favourite tracks - 'Where Are U Now', 'To U', 'Take U There'.
Jewel of the album - 'Where Are U Now'",0,0,"May 28, 2016"
7,"Um divertido e breve passatempo para os amantes da msica eletrnica.    (B-)",0,0,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Forget all the first cloying and depraved Yelle songs. Completement Fou shows a real growth of the group in the search of a 'madness' that I wouldn't call complete as the title of the album, but creative and artistically fresh. The first two songs are the most superficial but also the most catchy. The musical asymmetry of the piano notes is very intelligent and it induces the mixing of a rhythm in 3/4 even when it is actually in 4/4.
The rest of the album is very sweet and conceptually eclectic with some tracks reminding of 'Me' by Dev or 'Heroine' by Little Boots, in a soft/electro developed to perfection that I'd call almost environmental.
Interesting the two stylistic experiments used to 'Nuit De Baise' (personally I liked most the first part than the second).
The best and truly 'fou' track is the last, 'Bouquet Final', where an outburst of uncontrollable emotions creates something touching and bubbly. One of the best songs I ever heard.
Seductive, colorful, with a hint of sadness. One of the best synthpop albums of 2014.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
8,"Je suis vraiment admirateur de 'Compltement Fou' un album lectro pop vraiment bien produit. Les paroles sont l et les mlodies sont incroyablement efficace !",0,0,"Apr  6, 2015"
10,"It is shocking how much they grew from an album that was already a jewel itself. If you're not familiar to the French language, you will move to the addicting, sexy beat. If you are, you will then understand why Compltement Fou is earned its title. Marveilleux!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2014"
9,"You don't necessarily need to understand what she sings, this is my favorite thing about Compltement Fou. It's not a boring album because it's sung in a language I don't speak. it's fun, lively and colorful. It makes me happy! I love all tracks, especially Ba$$in and Bouquet final.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2015"
10,"Tove Lo's 'Queen of the Clouds' is a great debut LP. There are many highlights of the album, and it flows together really well. The album is divided up into 3 parts: 'The Sex,' The Love,' and 'The Pain.' 'The Sex' features pop bangers with sexual lyrics. 'Talking Body' and 'My Gun' are highlights of this section. 'The Love' has great songs that tell of Tove being happy in her relationship. 'Moments' (written by Tove only) is a highlight of this section. 'The Pain' is full of heart-felt ballads where Tove's vocal range is really showcased. Her breakout single 'Habits' is featured in this section. This album is great. I would definitely buy it on CD or on iTunes. It was worth my $10, and I'm contemplating buying it on vinyl as well. 10/10",8,10,"Nov 30, 2014"
10,"This is an amazing album, I love it, Tove Lo have a lot of qualidad, she is a queen, this sound so good and her voice is very well to listen, I recommended this album!",3,5,"Feb 13, 2015"
5,"Tove Lo is a great songwriter and composer, you can't deny that. The trichotomic idea of her debut album, which appears to be truthful and intelligent as its author, is positively original and well made.
But... Musically? BORING. Under-the-lines pop, sounds already heard and without any risk or innovation. As the clouds, this listening fades into nothingness. *yawn*",4,8,"May 18, 2015"
10,"Tove Lo is a perfect singer written one perfect album... I really surprise for the talent and the love on the compositions written for her, The Sex, The Love and The Pain.",2,4,"Mar  1, 2015"
9,"Such a great pop album! Tove Lo's music is pretty standard euro/synth pop, but she brings a fierce confidence to it that makes it sound fresh and invigorating, while her idiosyncratic lyrics make her stand out from other similar artists. I also like how the album is divided into 3 sections: The Sex, The Love, and The Pain. It makes Queen of the Clouds into sort of a concept album, which isn't too common in this genre. Overall, this is a solid debut with a bunch of strong songs throughout.
Standout tracks: My Gun, Talking Body, The Way That I Am, Got Love, Thousand Miles",1,4,"Apr 30, 2015"
8,"This is the quintessential pop album. Probably the best pop album I've heard since Gaga's own Born This Way, and the best pure-pop since Fame Monster EP. Very cohesive, never boring, and very banging. The songs are really good, and also have a very emotional sifde to them. To be honest, the singles do this album no justice. The best tracks are in the non-singles. Very good effort from Tove Lo, can't wait for the next.
BEST-    Thousand Miles, Got Love, Moments, Love Ballad, Talking Money, Timebomb
WORST-  The Way That I Am",0,0,"Apr  1, 2016"
7,"Ever since Habits (Stay High) came out and became one of 2014s commercially successful singles, Tove Lo has received many comparisons to the recent Queen of Alternativeaccording to BillboardLorde, which isnt surprising; their lyrical content is smarter than your typical pop clichs and the production, albeit catchy and contemporary hit radio ready, is darker by nature. But while Pure Heroine debuted an overall sound Lorde could quite call her ownthe records sole producer, Joel Little, incorporated hip-hop, PBR&B, and rock music influences, as well as minimalist music and Lordes lyrical wit that took on topics like criticism of celebrity culture, coming of age realism and even deathTove Lo generally keeps it safe on Queen of the Clouds as far as the music goes, which could be confused with the work of Max Martin and Shellback with its precisely placed hooks and polished production. But like its lead single, what helps Ebba Tove Elsa Nilsson out is how infectious it is, both musically and lyrically. According to Nilsson herself, its separated in sectionsThe Sex, The Love, and The Painand tells the story of her romantic struggles. And even when its conforming to clichs found in most pop songs today, Nilsson stands on her own by being much more involved and even sometimes insightful when singing about sex or love or the impending aftermath of romance (Im not on drugs, Im just in love). Even if it all doesnt leave the most memorable first impression, Tove Lo certainly has more up her sleeve the more self-assured she isMoments is even evident enough of this (But on good days, I am charming as **** Because despite some twisted imagery she gives us in her lead singleshe eats dinner in the bathroom, munches on Twinkies when shes stoned, and hits on dads at the playgroundshes certainly not lying about being charming.
Overall rating: 7.0/10
Highlights: 'Habits (Stay High)', 'My Gun', 'Not on Drugs', 'Talking Body', 'Timebomb'.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2015"
10,"Excellent album. Tove Lo voice soothes, brings the message that needs to be given. One of the best albums of their year. Letters that meet the proposal .... Congratulations Tove Lo.Excellent album. Tove Lo voice soothes, brings the message that needs to be given. One of the best albums of their year. Letters that meet the proposal .... Congratulations Tove Lo.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2015"
10,"This album is great. Every song has emotions, good lyrics , messages and a good melody . Young Swedish singer wanted to introduce herself on every step by every track ,who is very personal (and she's not ashamed of her feelings with her life!!!). I can't stop listening to the album and I hope it will never be boring!!!!",0,0,"Aug 10, 2016"
7,"In Tomorrow's Modern Boxes, Thom Yorke creates a compact and surprisingly accessible record, while focusing much of his overindulgence is his marketing strategy instead. The record is exclusively electronic, building on the footholds of Atoms For Peace, but with even less breaks in style (AMOK had Judge, Jury & Executioner, and even The Eraser had tracks with guitars).
In places, the record feels only a few strokes away from a dance floor effort, if only made distinguishable by haunting vocals, occasional ambient interference and a more minimal production.Through tracks like 'A Brain In A Bottle', 'Interference' & 'Nose Grows Some', Yorke showcases some of his most atmospheric solo work to date without alienating or breaking song structure for the sake of spontaneity.
However, it lacks the impact of some of his other electronic endeavors. Tracks like 'Lotus Flower', 'Cymbal Rush' and 'Default' are proof that Thom Yorke can create something more experimental, alarming, passionate, soothing, goose bumpy, and in doing all that, still be accessible to the public at large.
The album therefore feels like a subdued effort, rather than one of immense impact. Did we expect more? Perhaps, but then for all of its minimalism, it's an incredibly polished and poignant record.",2,2,"Oct  1, 2014"
7,"Slightly underwhelming but for fans of Thom there's enough here to keep you satisfied. I will say that the track 'Nose Grows Some' alone is worth your 3.60/$6.00. It brings some much needed humanity and soul to this album and is Thom's BEST solo effort. Overall nothing here surprises but for the price you can't complain.",2,2,"Oct  2, 2014"
8,"The thing is, is that He's from Radiohead right...but he's not radiohead, Neither is Jonny Greenwood or Phil Selway, so Thome Yorke's put out an album. is it as good as Kid A or OK Computer or In Rainbows? well maybe, probably not, it depends what you like. My Favourite Radiohead Albums in order are 1.King of Limbs, 2, Kid A 3. Hail to the thief. This album reminded me a lot of King of Limbs. I really love the attention to texture and rhythm opposed to melody, melody's dead man. so I guess i'm kind of bias from the start as most Radiohead Fan's would probably disagree with my favourite album choices. The last three songs on the record, that flow into each other so well are my favourite, they are so beautiful.  Pink Section is my favourite track. What did people what from a Thom Yorke album, a bunch of acoustic ballads? OK Computer 2? This is just music, and it has the power to transport us and teach us. I think there is a kind of magic in this album, a faint sketch of a whole. it's like a ghost of an album. A ghost companion to The King of Limbs, and that in my books is an extremely good thing.  quiet is the new loud after all.",1,1,"Nov  8, 2014"
8,"Very good album. Probably the farthest he could move into electronic. And yet every song is pervaded by the usual sense of typical Thom Yorke's urban paranoia creating a very unique feeling and atmosphere.
I would rate it higher than his previous effort Amok and about the same level of his fist solo album The Eraser.
For masterpieces we need all of the 5 Oxford guys.
Outstanding tunes: Brain in a Bottle, Guess Again!, Interference, Truth Ray and Nose Grows Some.",1,1,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"Thom Yorke is amazing!! This new secret Project really surprise me and I'm addicted in all songs of it. The production is a kind different, but still better than so many stupid commercial things that went out this year. I cannot say that it's bad, because it isn't! This is a lot of powerful mind... Thom is really the best!",7,9,"Sep 30, 2014"
9,"i know you are reading this Thom. album so refreshing after Atom for a peace stuff newer thought i am going to hear something so atmospheric and full of beautiful lo-fi sounds. Album by itself full of fragile sounds and and sensitive themes. Its been a while since there was such well written vocal melody's. .I bet this album gong to get lot of mixed reviews because of Thoms new direction and experimental stuff, but for me this one sounds like on of the honest albums Thom ever released  where song fits perfectly together and gets you in to nostalgic autumns journey.",4,7,"Sep 29, 2014"
8,"TMB omits many of the pop hooks and guitar riffs that were just enough to give Eraser its immediacy despite its atypical musical structure; but what may seem TMB's weakness is also its strongest point.  The album is clearly a commentary on living in the modern world, and its sound is a journey from beginning to end about drifting, at times clear, and at times disconnected.  Its closer, Nose Grows Some, is one of the most beautiful things Yorke has committed to media, its ending fittingly disintigrating into entropy.  Will it endure the way Eraser has?  Maybe not.  But Yorke looks at albums as a whole rather than in its isolated parts.  There is no sound like it.  Not a masterwork but a beautiful and challenging album nonetheless.",2,4,"Sep 30, 2014"
1,"First up, I love Radiohead and Thom Yorke's first solo album The Eraser. Atoms for Peace didn't really work for me, but as soon as I saw this I spent the $6 for it. I have listened to it several times thinking it might grow on me, but I am sorry, this is just a guy screwing around with a laptop, and I sincerely regret spending any money on it. Thom needs to get back with Radiohead because clearly those guys are able to balance him out. On his own he basically disappears up his own backside. This album is dull and lifeless.",11,30,"Sep 29, 2014"
10,"Imagine yourself inside a black gyroscope made by grass and looking for a hole to breathe. If you can't understand an album like this using a post reality imagination, you don't deserve it. You maybe is allowing that an absolute truth says you what like or dislike about actual commercial music. Put your headphones and forget the paradigms. Transport yourself to that new world. You just need to do what Kid A taught you. Let it go.",4,12,"Sep 29, 2014"
6,"I deeply respect Thom Yorke, i'm not forgetting the amazing things he gave us so far but he can do better than this. It's a descent effort though.  :)",0,1,"Feb  1, 2015"
4,"His weakest realize yet-and I like all of his later day works like The Eraser,The King of Limbs and AMOK...but not this one. Dull,lifeless,pointless,predictable,forgettable.It doesn't even sound like a regular album,more like collection of outtakes or some half-baked although crafty produced demo recordings.",0,3,"Oct  5, 2014"
2,"Shorter than the vast majority of albums and lacking any melody to memorise or hum to, this album reeks of indulgence and self importance. I find it hard to imagine where or when I would play this in my daily routine. The moments where a sense of melody do begin to appear, Thom seems determined to destroy with irritating and excessive syncopation. Whatever.
Sure, it pushes electronic music to as far a level as Thom has taken it, but at what cost? These songs wont be remembered and I doubt I will find myself conversing with a colleague over the virtues of this album or any parts thereof. Thom can do much better and many could do as good.",0,1,"Jan  9, 2015"
8,"Thom Yorkes second solo record is an interesting affair, even if it you tend to know what to expect from the Radiohead frontman these days. The way I hear the record, its split in two sides. Side one is closer to his first solo offering 'The Eraser' and has the more quick tempo tracks. 'A Brain in a Bottle', 'Guess Again' and 'The Mother Lode' could all be lifted from the Atoms For Peace record. The second half consists of less immediate tracks, not quite soundscapes but further away from your conventional track. 'Tomorrow's Modern Boxes' is a success that arguably betters 'The Eraser'. Personally, I would love to see Yorke to focus solely on Radiohead and would love to have heard the full bands take on this material. Yorke has his fingers in many pies and I think Radioheads output post 'In Rainbows' has been suffering as a result.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2015"
9,"Much like Kid A, TMB is full of melancholy and pathos, but the songs are as beautiful and as lush as ever. This album is not as strong as the last couple Radiohead releases, but it is close. I disagree with critics who think that this album sounds the same as The Eraser and Amok; TMB is much more ambient, mellow, and lush. The music is minimal and sometimes even retro-sounding, a la Boards of Canada. Like all Thom Yorke songs, these compositions are incredibly inventive and ingenious. In my opinion, no one can match Mr. Yorke's songwriting ability. The melancholy and alienation conveyed by Mr. Yorke's voice can be very disarming, but this album is an honest, harrowing, and masterful portrait of the times in which we live.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2014"
8,"More atmospheric but equally as entrancing and Thom Yorke's last solo effort, Tomorrow's Modern Boxes does more of the same but does it very well. Some true stand out songs being The Mother Lode, Guess Again!, Truth Ray, and Nose Grows Some really show off Thom's electronic capabilities and golden pipes. Though his experimental, two song, 9+ minute instrumental tracks leave more to be desired.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2014"
10,"Lets be honest Drukqs was a bit alienating though it did a good job convincing me he was a total musical genius.  This is at least 5 times better than I was expecting.  Ive listened to about 4 of his albums this was probably my favorite! It just has everything: Peace, madness, Fun, Energy you name it! Richard D. James may be my favorite album but trust me this compares!  ALBUM OF THE YEAR",6,6,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album already sounds better than any electronic music that I can recall from memory. It is perfect in every way and shows the world that Aphex Twin really is an innovator of his genre. Speaking bluntly, this album is flawless. I am now very hopeful of whatever he releases next.",5,5,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Good albums sound good on first listen. So do truly great ones.. but while a decent album fades into boredom or over familiarity, the great ones get better with each listen..new details become apparent, melodies that had before passed by unnoticed become orgasmic.... the only other album I remember growing on me like this is In Rainbows...Honestly, I was underwhelmed upon first listen ing to syro...a few weeks later and it is in my all time top 10... Enjoy the ear candy for a couple spins, and let syro grow...it is a beautiful work..trippy, funky beautiful and unique..Thank you mr. James, for sharing your music with me.",3,3,"Oct  7, 2014"
10,"Syro is definitely the work of a Genius. Very intriguing beats and melodies integrated with a masterful use of harmony. The originality of his work is noticeable even to the non-trained ear.",2,2,"Oct 24, 2014"
4,"This album is more of the same thing you've heard for the last 25 years with only a few interesting synth tones invented for it. Squarepusher albums always turns out slightly better than these attempts. There is little content left to put into an album of this genre. Aphex Twin is just a bunch of tones and notes slammed together. Each Aphex Twin release keeps getting worse and this confirms it. I'm not sure how people call themselves fans. If they can sit down and enjoy this work, I'd be surprised. Its pretty abstract if you are not familiar with electronic music, but to those who are, and have been for the last 25 years, this is just vanilla.",3,4,"Oct  5, 2014"
4,"Either you like or you don't - unless you're well into electronica and you can actually discern what's good and what's bad. Aphex Twin is the ultimate guru for some, and I respect that, but calling Syro 'accessible' is far-fetched to say the least. It's a shame this album is probably going to be hailed as a masterpiece without critics even finishing listening to it, just because of his name on the cover.
I personally didn't find it spectacular, and, to be honest, I'm tempted to say that any musician, given some fancy equipment, could have done this (or better) in 13 years. I do not think Syro is better than Drukqs at all: at least the latter was a proof of concept and managed to be pioneering. Anyway, I recognize the relevance of Mr James, and to the ones saying 'This is so much better than mainstream edm' I can only say... Duh.",2,3,"Oct  9, 2014"
10,"Music is my everything. I first decided to check out Aphex Twin due to Radiohead being so into his music. The new album is definitely a joy and a breath of fresh air in a scene full of stale copycats. I love innovative music and quality electronic music.",2,3,"Sep 26, 2014"
10,"Music is pretty much my life. I can't go a day without listening to music. I'm just so tired of crappy mainstream EDM songs, so listening to this album is not only a breath of fresh air, but also a great comeback. It's not as noisy as some of his older stuff, but it's probably my favorite Aphex Twin album. The disharmonies... sometimes it sounds like you're listening to several songs at once. Now, that might sound messy, but it actually works. It's extremely exciting and reminds me that electronic music still has potential in places I thought were dead.",11,17,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"A great return for the most important figure in the history of electronic music. It took me a few listens to absorb, but now I really enjoy it. There's nothing else out there that sounds like it.",4,7,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Great return as 'Aphex Twin', the industry won't know wtf this is but the reviews speak for themselves, thank **** for warp records :)
Nothing so new here but every song constantly keeps you engaged and is enjoyable and danceable, aswel as of course being a mind****, it's like the track all falls apart then bits smash and collide together creating awesome, organised chaos!",4,7,"Sep 24, 2014"
9,"The new Aphex Twin had an impact similar to Kid A on the indiescene on me. First, i doubted if this was the comeback i was dreaming of. But than, at the second listen already, the record came in like a thunderbolt. To me, it's clear that this album isn't as experimental as his previous ones, but that isn't a bad thing to me. I feel like AT did his thing on this album, but better. Together with Caribou, definitely my most celebrated electronic album of 2014. The soundscapes on this masterpiece are from another dimension. Influences from soul, drum 'n bass, early house and in minority some other genres, all blend in for a mixture of the best electronic artwork and non-club electronic album of the year, and maybe even of this decade so far.",4,8,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"This album is the t*ts I got it in vinyl and 24-bit WAV and I'll tell you it is mindblowing how much this guy can pack into one song. This guy must be an alien there is no other explanation. He goes a little off-course with some really wild beats but he pays homage to who he is and that's a guy who redefines himself every time he releases a new album. I will tell you though this feels like his most complete work after his second album Selected Ambient Works 85-92. Anyone who could give this album a bad rating doesn't understand the genius that is coming from these 'organic' electronic sounds as best as I could describe it.",3,6,"Sep 25, 2014"
10,"I am absolutely blown away. I knew Richard was a good musician but this was something else. So powerful, so energetic bit at the same time just so beautiful. You need to hear this record, you need to feel this record.. buy it now!",2,4,"Sep 26, 2014"
9,"Aphex had a lot of time to  play around with his collection of synths and it shows. I agree with The Independent (UK)'s line saying it's 'overdosing somewhat on staccato, bouncing synth twangs and jittery drumnbass beats.' But this is where the magic happens. In those seemingly random song phase are some neatly crafted and arranged sounds that make it sound like you're listening to a song inside a song.",1,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
3,"After scraping away the layer upon layer of hype and actually listening to this record I can honestly say I disliked it immensely.  It was boring, repetitive, soulless and annoying.  Those 'organic' synth sounds mostly sound like ****  I get that this guy is a 'genius' and disliking him or EDM in general is not a popular opinion to have at the moment, but goddammit, this music sucks.  It doesn't move me at all and I don't connect on a human level.",4,9,"Oct  1, 2014"
10,"The master returns.  The first couple of listens I was a bit disappointed, but on my fifth listen it completely sunk in.  You have here one of the best electronic albums you will hear this decade.",1,5,"Sep 24, 2014"
2,"All the crtics who gave it a 9 or 10 -- I bet they never listen to the album again. The easiest thing in the world is to create sounds, adding fx, tweaking tweakin... but placing many sounds together does not make a song. So what if there are lots of 'ideas' in a track if there is very little cohesion. Not sure why it's seen as genius... it sounds to me like a lot of indulgent noodling. Maybe it's simply ear relief compared to recent EDM. But 'Hey this is a cool effect on the drums, hey so's this, and this, lemme put em all together' does not make for intriguing, or sustained listening. Imagine improv jazz mixed with elevator muzak, with outdated synth sounds but some production skillz, and you have this album.",1,11,"Dec  8, 2014"
8,"Syro is a good album. The production is great and it's refined. It lacks of new ideas, since AT made a safe record, with influences from his first records. In Syro he is summarizing all what he had done in the past.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
9,"I think this album may top Selected Ambient Works 85-92 as Aphex Twin's greatest album. It is complex, varied, interesting, well-paced, and mesmerizing. Most of the tracks are worth listening to completely. You will always find some new feature each time. I love the use of some vintage-sounding synths that could've come from Daft Punk's Short Circuit. However, my one main issue with this LP is that it seems to be stuck in limbo between visceral and cerebral. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to emotionally connect with these tracks, or simply be amazed by their complexity. Overall, though, great record. Favorite track: CIRCLONT6A [141.98][syrobonkus mix]",0,0,"Jan  4, 2015"
10,"An amazing electronic/ ambient-techno / IDM  by Aphex Twin.
FAV TRACKS:
- Minipops 67
- XMAS_EVET 10
- Produk 29
- Cirlont6A
- Cirlont14
- Syro u473t8+E
- S950tx16wasr10",0,0,"Jan  2, 2015"
8,"There is so much going on in Richard David James' head, it's really just an assault on the senses for an hour here - but that's in no way a bad thing. James is in so many ways different to the EDM, IDM and Techno music we've become settled with - it's just absorbing to listen to.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2014"
8,"Richard D. James, alias Aphex Twin, aura pris 4748 jours pour sortir son premier projet sous ce pseudonyme depuis linfme Drukqs (2001). Celui que plusieurs considrent comme le pre de la musique lectronique moderne nous offre sans aucun doute son uvre la plus accessible. Syro est dfinitivement son disque le plus abouti, mlant la complexit et la nostalgie assume des annes 1990.
Dans la forme, Syro est conu sur un modle plus raisonn, calcul. James a opt pour une approche alternative o il respecte une ligne directrice durant ses 12 pices. Caractris par labsence de dsquilibre musical, Aphex Twin fait soigneusement revivre ses origines lectroniques. Syro est authentique au style perfectionn par le compositeur irlandais: une affirmation de la maitrise de son genre.
Ce qui frappe, initialement, cest laxe de lalbum orient vers la dcouverte du monde particulier de James. Luvre merveilleusement mixe se dfinit par la cohrence de ses lignes de basses, des ses mlodies sophistiques et par son rythme acclr. Syro offre un voyage dans le dtail, exprience procure par le gnie dAphex Twin. Lartiste sest mme permis dajouter quelques incomprhensibles partitions vocales, une bricole quil na que trs rarement inclus dans ses productions antrieures. Flirtant avec des sonorits no-jazz et les atmosphres technos teintes dinfluences funk, lesthtique de lalbum repose particulirement dans le souci de magnanimit et de grandeur.  Lalbum est opaque sans tre touffant. Les initis sy retrouveront facilement alors que les nouveaux venus pourront sy perdre avec plaisir.
Aphex Twin
Courtoisie Aphex Twin
La puissance de Syro rside dans loriginalit de son traitement des sons. Le crateur a utilis plus de 70 instruments, dont plusieurs dune autre poque: mlangeurs, synthtiseurs, logiciels, botes  rythmes et autres compresseurs. Fait trange: la liste de tous les outils utiliss ainsi que le cot total de lalbum est inscrite  lintrieur de lalbum. Selon Ian Anderson, responsable de la conception visuelle de Syro, la diffusion de cette liste raconte  lauditeur tout et rien  propos de sa cration qui se veut probablement son accomplissement le plus personnel, comme le tmoigne la dernire portion (Aisatasana 102) de lalbum. Pice compose uniquement dune magnifique mlodie au piano avec le chant des oiseaux en arrire-plan, rappelant vaguement sa plus que copie pice April 14th. Dans les faits, Syro reste luvre dun homme mystrieux, uvrant seul dans un monde qui, dsormais, lui appartient. Sans surestimer quoi que ce soit, Aphex Twin nous offre un splendide retour  avec plus  venir.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
10,"An amazing electronic album by Aphex Twin. It's amazzzzingg.. :)
From beginning to end.. it's awesome! :)
Try it out if you haven't heard it yet! :)",0,0,"Apr  9, 2015"
9,"You wont find anything like this anywhere in the entire electronic genre. This guy just paved the way for Skrillex, Deadmau5, Guetta, etc to try and catch up to Richard's ability for the next ten years. There are so many pin-point focused sounds and beat-breaks that he probably spent his entire 13 years of solitude working on Syro. Aphex's best since SAW2? I think so",0,0,"Jun 25, 2016"
8,"It's dark, upbeat, and a little unorthodox. Most tracks are interesting to listen to all the way through. However, some of the lyrics can be a little tongue-in-cheek at times, specifically parts like in Belly of the Beast, where the main lyrics are 'I'll take it like milk from a baby...' However, it's worth a listen and it's great for lovers of industrial electronic.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2014"
10,"Unflesh is a deeply emotive album that touches on many dark themes such as miscarriges, euthanasia and depression.  With focused production and a more consistent sound than her previous album, Unflesh may make the listener feel unsettled, but if you listen closly to the lyrics, you relize that this woman is in pain, which makes this album one of the most facinating, disturbing and emotional albums ever made.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2015"
6,"UPDATE : ONLY 3 GOOD SONGS
3 ,3 ,3 ,3 ,3 ,3 only 3  update update updateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee",0,0,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"This is one of the best albums of 2014, Zammuto is the true cream of life this day and age. No matter what any music critic says online, Zammuto is a band that transcends petty internet jargon and offers us all a deep look inside a true musicians heart and soul.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2014"
9,"Not sure how Nick Zammuto keeps doing it after a decade and half, but this album is a perfect continuation of his music catalog. It touches on every emotion you can think of. You can listen to it quietly in the comfort of your headphones, or listen to it as background music while chilling with friends; the ultimate in road trip music. This band KILLS live too! Bravo!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2014"
10,"Wow, wow, wow...this album is amazing. It's so refreshing to hear something that sounds so smooth while being so intricate .  One of my favorite tracks is 'Good Graces'. He adds the vocals of Daniela Gesundheit, from the group 'Snow Blink' , as a beautiful surprise at the end. The song  literally just pulled me in. This album is highly recommended.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2014"
8,"The second half of the album is what you're after. It's bold aggressive and is reminiscent of a come-up on some sort of hard drug that had you chilling out just moments before.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2014"
4,"Huge letdown after Glass Swords. The songs have no real emotion, and the vocal guests are absolutely garbage. The only things I really like this album for are its pacing (it keeps you at least interested as the songs pass) and some of the soundscapes that are created. Also, there are some stupid mixing errors that I never expected a seemingly smart artist like Rustie to make! It's just not good. Favorite track: Velcro",1,1,"Oct 24, 2014"
8,"This album is a complete 180 from Glass Swords.  If you enjoy new and experimental music, please listen to this album. If you don't like change, stop and go back to the same old.  This album is a breath of fresh air.  Those who wanted a Glass Swords 2.0 will be disappointed, but those who want to see an artist grow and attempt to take on new styles will appreciate this album.  Yes, it has popish songs that will turn the original Rustie fan off and all that **** listen as a fan of art and evolution of creativity and the artistic style that Rustie is battling with in this fresh offering of experimental fun...yes fun...ENJOY IT!!!!",0,0,"Nov  1, 2014"
9,"Amazing but misunderstood album. Porter Robinson has gotten tired of producing tracks that are guaranteed to be hits and make money, and has refined his talents into 11 beautiful 'unconventional' electronic tracks. The album is somewhat of an homage to Japanese culture and robots and loneliness. It's brilliant and you have to listen to it.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2014"
8,"Perhaps 8.5 would be a more accurate rating for me.
A fantastic album. The Japanese culture indoctrinated into the album along with the vocal chopping, distorted transitions and typical over-compressed synths add to Porter's distinct sound. The replay value in the album is good, and my favourite song is 'Sea Of Voices'. Other great songs include Years Of War which has an interesting structure, Sad Machine and Flicker.
My only criticism is that sometimes the tracks blend a bit too much. This is definitely a beautiful album, but I would have liked maybe one or two more songs that were beefier and not as melodically rich. Unfortunately the songs that don't melodically entice me as much as the above possibly become tracks to skip after you listen to them so many times.
Other than that, an album that definitely delivers as both a producer and listener. Well done Porter!",1,1,"May 12, 2016"
8,"quite hilarious how much these so called critics score average differ so much from the user score here. that should give you a clue about how good this album actually and obviously is. As someone else has said, a deeply misunderstood album which is great",1,1,"May 28, 2016"
7,"'Worlds' is far from the intended work hyped up by Porter to 'redefine EDM', but its a genuine and wholehearted piece that lacks awe in its middle ground, but is decent all around and fun to listen to. Tracks such as Sad Machine, Flicker, Fellow Feeling, Years of War, Divinity, and Goodbye to a World send strong (albeit heavy-handed) messages of a resurrected age of sound to save a dying world of lost memories, through which Porter instills a dedication to all that is nostalgic in an effort to reclaim it. 'Worlds' as such comes across as a much more intimate piece of work than Porter's previous 'Spitfire EP', and though the themes and sounds of later releases 'Language' and 'Easy can still be found throughout the album, but that's not to say it's not better executed. Still, Porter seems to be struggling to piece together his own sound, the music taking on a M83 lovechild aspect with some further influences that could be compared to other acts such as Shinichi Osawa, The M Machine, Passion Pit, or MGMT. If anything Porter's sound relies on a punchier grit to difference himself, but doesn't create the needed divide to differentiate greatly amongst one another. All in all, its a worthy first LP debut, and though the hype was below the mark for what is delivered, we can expect Porter Robinson to branch out and refine his style.",4,6,"Aug 12, 2014"
10,"Worlds is an ambitious, incredible release from Porter. His craftsmanship in this genre is really marvellous, The melodies found in this album evoke a sense of nostalgia, but it doesn't rely on it entirely. It's a synthesis of crushing four-on-the-floor beats, neo 80s sounds, sharp electro-pop, and JRPG/Sci-Fi video game OSTs. Not only is Porter creative to conceptualizing such a unique project, but his technical skills really takes this vision to the next level and makes it shine.  I don't think this album will speak to everyone, but for the people it does, it's perfect.",4,6,"Aug 13, 2014"
10,"I don't know why, but I thought I was going to be disappointed with the album, because I've known Porter since Hello, and I really like his EDM songs, such as Language, Say My Name, The Wildcat among almost all the others, including Hello. He was on my top list, so part of me didn't even want to listen to the album. But at the same time, I was feeling disappointed with the path all those top DJs had chosen to go, which was making ONLY Tomorrowland-ish songs, meant for those big arenas and for people to 'get crazy'. They all had the same form, in a way that really disturbed me. A 'brilliant' EDM song would be one that has a creative and/or heavy drop, and the rest of the song would follow the 'form'. So I was tired, and apparently, so was Porter, as he had stated in a few interviews.
He said this was his best music, and I agree 100%. Worlds sounds so meaningful and special, and it has the soul all those new EDM songs don't. I was feeling suffocated by EDM and this album allowed me to breath. I'm glad I listened to this, and I will listen to it a lot more in the future.",3,5,"Aug 12, 2014"
5,"Porter Robinson ensures us he's not on route of selling out like his fellow EDM mates: Avicii, Calvin Harris, and Zedd, just to name a few, instead pursuing a quieter and calmer Capital Cities-esque alternative sort of sound. And although there is a lot of bubbly background music going on -- lead single 'Sea of Voices' winds up with windchimes and 'Lionhearted' has an '80s vintage vibe to it that could easily make it a must-have on the charts this fall, and 'Fellow Feeling' slides between strings, spoken word verses, and at last, a bass-cannon ready drop, World simply succumbs to the dreariness in its own sound and has no major meaning besides tiding the Ultra music festival floors before a more accomplished DJ comes on stage.",1,4,"Aug 12, 2014"
0,"Absolutely terrible record. It's literally the same synthpop song over and over again, and it's not even good. Terribly done and not even worth a listen at all.",0,16,"Jan  2, 2015"
6,"It's nothing new, especially not a 'revolutionary record' like a lot of people (including Porter himself) refer to it. But that doesn't mean it is not a nice listen. The album has an uplifting atmosphere, the songs are generally sweet, but the consistency of the sound of this album makes more than a few songs forgettable or seem like fillers. That doesn't count for the track 'Fellow Feeling', though, which is a stand-out-track with a whole different atmosphere and that 'EDM-feeling' that may or may not have a few people missed while listening to this record.
Conclusion: If you are here for something new, you better do not waste your time and move along to a different record. But if you are a fan of synths and poppy-electronic-sounds with an indie feeling to it, you could give it a shot.",0,4,"Aug 12, 2014"
9,"One of the very best albums of 2014.
Track Reviews:
Divinity-10/10
Sad Machine-10/10
Years Of War-9/10
Flicker-8/10
Fresh Static Snow-9/10
Polygon Dust-8/10
Hear The Bells-6.5/10 (Weakest Track)
Natural Light-8/10
Lionhearted-10/10
Sea Of Voices-9/10
Fellow Feeling-10/10 (Best track on the album)
Goodbye To A World-10/10 (Second Best)",0,0,"Nov 14, 2014"
8,"Porter creates a euphoric, nostalgic, and feel-good album, that is as bright and beautiful as the synths and melodies that accompany it. My only issue with it is the fact that, it isn't really Porter himself. It sounds like M83, Passion Pit etc. but with 128bpm and a flaring bass. While World's has a slight identity crisis, it is incredibly beautiful as an album itself.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2016"
10,"A quick note that I bought the special edition vinyl (preorder only). Honestly, Worlds is one of if not my favorite album to date (which says a lot after albums like Adventure or Occult Classic). Every songs introduces a new world to explore, from cynical and nostalgic in Divinity to the cheerful and eccentric anime world of Flicker.  Each track has its distinct flavor and are enjoyable in their own right, but the way the album is structured is just as great. From the second track onwards, it tells a story that spans many era which culminates in Goodbye to a World (Which is one of the most emotional tracks ive ever heard, in my opnion). The accompanying visuals are beautiful and match the album perfectly.
Porter Robinson's extremely high production standard is exemplified in this album, even if he's taken a step out of the club sound ring. A must listen if you like your synthpop or alternative EDM.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
7,"Reminiscent of a flight through the clouds, this album is both peaceful and energized. Upon hearing the bands full sensory sound, I immediately wanted to hop in the car and drive; finding a backdrop of dramatic scenery for the journey of sound. If this is a sign of what's to come I'm on board. With more touring to work out the kinks and find another level of inspiration, the sky's the limit.",0,0,"May  2, 2015"
9,"As a first time listener of Cloud Boat, this album blew me away. Not with brutal force. It's all very subtle here. There are a lot of lo-fi, Active Child kinda electronic bands out now, but Cloud Boat have done enough with this album to stand apart from their contemporaries. This is a fresh and compelling journey of an album.",2,2,"Jul 23, 2014"
7,"'1000 Forms of Fear' showcases Sia's savage vocals chops, deft talent to pen a chart hit and get's you angry fist pumping on the dancefloor. A sordid break-up never looked cooler than with slow motion sprinklers and pyrotechnics in the background. You can't doubt her pop appeal or power with this one, but every track, save a few, could just have easily been sung by someone else. If all you're looking for is a collection of strong pop anthems, look no further.",6,6,"Jul 11, 2014"
8,"After giving the album a few listens, I can say that it's is a cohesive, well written collection of pop songs. I'm sure Sia's fantastic voice add's something special that would've been missing had I heard these tracks on other pop singers albums, however, being that Sia wrote them all and kept them for herself for one reason or another definitely adds some magic to each song. Knowing the entire project came from her mind and her pen is enough for me to take her more seriously than I would anyone else in the current pop scene...",4,4,"Jul  8, 2014"
5,"I mean yes she can sing. So can Rihanna. And Beyonce. And there's very little here to set her apart from there. There at least 6 tracks on this overstuffed album that sound like they could be Rihanna tracks. So props for her chops, but there are only about 3 unique masterpieces here.",4,4,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"10/10. There is no way you can get a better album than this. With songs such as Chandelier, Burn The Pages, Big Girls Cry, Straight For The Knife, and Fire Meet Gasoline, there's no way I could resist this album. Sia made a masterpiece, and I'm glad she kept these amazing songs for herself.",3,3,"Jul 23, 2014"
10,"Alright, she broke everything! 1000 Forms of Fear open with the Top 10 hit Chandelier and close with one of the most deep ballads ever Dressed In Black! Just amazing.
The album hits explosive chorus and contains letters that chills anyone! Yes, she did what she know better.
The best ballads, Big Girls Cry, Chandelier, Straight For The Knife and Fire Meet Gasoline contrast with the only funny music Hostage and make of the album one of the best albums of the year, and why not of the decade?",3,3,"Aug  1, 2014"
10,"Sia in her best! This album is flawless,it contains songs that are very inspiring,well written with accurate beats from the intense tracks of 'Fire Meet Gasoline'(my favourite),Free The Animal,Hostage,Dressed In Black,Burn The Pages,Chandelier and Elastic Heart to the calm and delightful tacks of Big Girls Cry,Eye Of The Needle,Straight For The Knife,Fair Game and Cellophane. We love Sia and her Blond Bob Wig.",3,3,"Nov  5, 2014"
10,"Any distresses you encounter in life, a Sia song will come out of nowhere and will share a release of emotions, it's therapeutic to listen to, it gives you something, even when your inner demons tell you to suffer, Sia will tell you to let go and have no fear. This album is breathtaking.",2,2,"Sep  1, 2015"
7,"It pains me to say that, while this album is good, Sia writes better songs for artists such as Rihanna, Katy Perry, Beyonc, and Lea Michele, than her own. Obviously, the album is cohesive, organized, and much more mature than anything she's ever released. Songs like 'Chandelier', 'Big Girls Cry', 'Eye of the Needle', and 'Free The Animal' are great songs sure to become hits with the right promotion, but it's songs like 'Fair Game' and 'Hostage' that sound exhausted and rushed. In conclusion, there is no BAAAAD song on the album, but they're not ALL the best that Sia can do.",2,2,"Jul 19, 2014"
10,"So beautifully strange. Love this record. Sia has written for everybody who's anybody over the past few years.... but i'm so grateful she saved some of her best for herself. '1000 Forms of Fear' is 1000 forms of fantastic.",2,2,"Jul 30, 2014"
9,"In the four years behind the scenes working as the golden songwriter doctor for every pop star and their mother, the girl with pipes made of iron has come out with her first record since 2010s shiny and bouncy We Are Born. While this record is even more of a step towards pop, Sia never sacrifices her own unique idiosyncrasies and soul. Unlike the myriad of songs shes penned for top 40 artists, she keeps the most personal and meaningful material for herself, and the connectedness between the words and her delivery is far stronger than those adopting her material. Every run, belt, shake, crack, and breath in Sias distinctive voice is both beautifully powerful and emotive.
While being pop music, thematically and lyrically 1000 Forms Of Fear takes on a darker character than the work shes done for other artists, mainly focusing on self-destruction, and self-destructive relationships. Common motifs of knives, fire, gasoline, and crying run rampant over anthemic soaring power ballads. Lead single Chandelier sings of partying and binge drinking for social fun, but with careful listening unravels a dark tale of anxiety and the demoralization of alcohol. Sia compares relationships to being set on fire or stabbed (Fire Meet Gasoline, Straight For The Knife), being held Hostage, and stretched to point of break (Elastic Heart). Even the upbeat tracks have a darkness behind them, like Burn The Pages where she borrows a lyric from her Some People Have Real Problems(2008) song Lullaby and sings of placing her past in a book to then burn the pages, let em cook. Or Free The Animal in which Sia screams to be decapitatedand emancipated.
Fair Game is an obvious standout, and my personal favourite track. Singing atop subtle swinging strings, eventually leading to an instrumental interlude of toy piano and xylophone, Sia contemplates a need for personal change in order to benefit future relationships. At the end the last two songs can drag on, even though I catch Cellophane stuck in my head constantly.
Overall Sia has made one of her most consistent, and accessibly pop ready albums yet, all the while without compromising what makes her unique and inimitable. This one is for the big time.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
7,"Bought this because of her singing on 'Titanium'.   This CD is above average pop music and lyrics.  She has a voice that seems to not be over produced.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2014"
10,"This is good, finally Sia recieves some recognized thanks to 'Chandelier' and 'Elastic Heart'.
Amazing, dark and happy at the same time.
.............",1,1,"Sep 11, 2015"
10,"There's too much for saying about this magnificent album, but to be more direct, Sia has made a masterpiece with '1000 Forms of Fear'. Her vocals, her lyrics, her style and way to perform on stage it's just amazing and there's no doubt that she has talent in all the possible ways. This one of those perfect albums that you won't easy find anywhere.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
7,"OK - Calm the f__k down people. 'Album of the Century'. Come on!?!
She can sing yes. She writes her own stuff. Brilliant. You can dance to this stuff AND it's emotional. Great. What it is a great pop album. Nothing more nothing less.",8,9,"Jul 11, 2014"
5,"Um dos nomes mais badalados dos ltimos tempos  a cantora/compositora australiana Sia Furler, mais conhecida apenas como Sia. Dona de uma carreira longa com seis lbuns j lanados, Sia ganhou notoriedade mundialmente quando a sua parceria com o DJ David Guetta se transformou no hit Titanium. As parcerias continuaram com outros artistas resultando em outros sucessos comerciais. Alm de participar como featuring, ela tambm se firmou como a compositora das estrelas tendo a sua assinatura em msicas para Beyonc, Jessie J, Katy Perry, Britney Spears, Rihanna, Cline Dion e, at mesmo, Eminem, entre outros. Com um trabalho to representativo e digno de vrios elogios, no  de se estranhar que seu primeiro lbum depois de estourar cause grande expectativa. 1000 Forms Of Fear ser lanado no prximo dia 8  o melhor representante do velho ditado 'casa de ferreiro, espeto de pau'.
Infelizmente, apesar de Sia entregar um lbum bom, o resultado final  completamente irregular indo do sensacional ao mediano de uma faixa para a outra. Comea pela prpria Sia e a produo vocal escolhida em 1000 Forms Of Fear. Dona de uma voz poderosa e com uma personalidade nica e estranhamente interessante, a cantora tenta demais mostrar a suas distintas habilidades vocais em performances exageradas e cheias de maneirismos que vez de trabalhar a favor das canes fazem o trabalho oposto ao deixar as canes menos atrativas. O resultado final no  um desastre total, pois, em alguns momentos, Sia consegue encontrar o equilbrio perfeito e, assim, podemos ouvir tudo que a voz dela pode entregar em atuaes sensacionais. No h como questionar que Sia como compositora  uma fora da natureza que consegue d para o pop uma alma incandescente com uma expresso lingustica perfeita e tocante. Todavia, em 1000 Forms Of Fear no encontramos um conjunto da obra arrasador como era esperado. H, sim, momentos arrasadores que mostra como  possvel elevar o pop para outro patamar. No mais, Sia e seus colaboradores mostram trabalhos na mdia e um pouco acima dela. O maior problema, talvez, seja a produo do lbum: 1000 Forms Of Fear  um trabalho pop misturado como pop indie, eletrnico e dance que tenta buscar um caminho longe do atual cenrio pop, mas que falha por no ser original o suficiente. Essa falha na produo deixa o trabalho com um 'gosto' de gelatina sem sabor na boca, ou seja, a textura est l, mas falta o sabor de verdade. O grande momento do lbum , sem dvida nenhuma, a linda balada Big Girls Cry em que podemos ter a sensao de estar ouvindo o potencial mximo da Sia. O single Chandelier se torna melhor depois de algumas ouvidas, Eye Of The Needle  uma boa balada, enquanto Straight for the Knife tem um toque melanclico interessante e Fire Meet Gasoline empolga com uma pegada tradicional. Mesmo com uma estrategia de no mostrar o rosto em suas aparies em pblico, Sia j disse para o que veio faz tempo. Pena que 1000 Forms Of Fear fica devendo. Quem sabe na prxima?",2,3,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"'1000 Forms of Fear' is a creative album! Sia did great songs that made me feel in other world. So many dramatic and fantastic words.... This is one of the greatest albums of the century!",9,14,"Jul 10, 2014"
10,"I have no words to describe how spectacular this album is... The compositions, the melody, the sound... It's an amazing job, Sia is by far one of the biggest artists today",4,9,"Jul  8, 2014"
10,"This album... oh, god, this album. I can't describe what it is on simple words. You have to listen to understand. This album is emotional, mature, and bring such great lyrics, vocals, melodies. It's complete. For me, there's no way to unlike this album, because it brings such good things since the first to the last track. You're not going to find something bad in the album. I really think Sia has a bright future if she keeps this beautiful talent. I'm not going to be surprised if this album win an Album of The Year on the Grammys...",3,7,"Jul  8, 2014"
8,"Its been a while since weve heard from Sia. Four years, to be exact. Sure, shes guest sung on David Guetta tracks and has been writing for Rihanna and Beyonc. But the last time she made music for herself was for 2010s We Are Born. Since then, her approach towards her sound and her image has changed  and its really fascinating. She dons a blonde wig (as pictured in the album cover) and sings with her back turned in all her performances. Others will take the front stage with interpretative dance as she sings  Maddie Ziegler did it perfectly, Lena Dunham did it laughably badly. Shes hiding her face in a metaphorical paper bag as her music incites bodily expression in her guest performers, and in a counterintuitive way, Ms. Blonde Bob is becoming more of a star than she doesnt want to be. And its all because of her new music. 1000 Forms of Fear does perfectly what contemporary pop music is supposed to do  make you dance, shake, and break free from your daily inertia as if no one can judge you. Beginning with her hit single Chandelier, the album manages to be both more fun and more mature than We Are Born. It reduces to shambles any guilt you may have felt for turning your pop playlist up to max volume and shimmying incoherently around your bedroom, because thats what Sia wants you to do.
We Are Born proved to us that Sia knows the secret to her infectious pop: juxtaposing her powerful voice with buoyant, hip-hop tinged dance-pop beats. However, on 1000 Forms of Fear, Sia ups the level of passion in her vocals and refines her beats to create a more distinctive sound. Xylophones race and snares pop in the background as her voice crackles and strains as if shes about to burst. Its hot, its fun, its everything you would normally feel guilty about for listening to but cant because its executed with such a mature panache. What Sias album lacks in diversity or rhythmic flux it makes up for in consistency and energy. Every track on the album is an exciting experience on its own. One of the albums flaws is the sonic fatigue that it induces near the end of an entire listen. However, that has almost grown to become one of the trademark features of contemporary, radio-friendly pop. As a whole, 1000 Forms of Fear is a well-deserved success for the artist as well as the listener. If you walk into your young relatives room and see her methodically flailing her limbs and hopping about with sporadic grace to this album  just as how Sias voice waxes and wanes in quality with spontaneity  you know the artist has achieved her goal.
FINAL SCORE: 4 out of 5 stars (raw score: 82.5, between great and almost perfect)",3,8,"Jul  8, 2014"
10,"Should be on of the top albums of the year.  Sia has always been incredible, but is starting to see the national stage.  Her collaborations and writings the past few years have been a tease for such a powerful album.",2,6,"Jul  8, 2014"
7,"Four years since she released We Are Born, Sia had a lot things happening to her. Her fame is expanded outside Australia but she had personal problems as a result and almost led her to suicide. But instead, she does what she does best, writing songs. She lend her songwriting talent with other singers such as Katy Perry, Rihanna, Britney Spears etc. Of course, this led her to be more successful and she is ready to release another album.
The literal theme of 1000 Forms of Fear is about the fears she has, including singing in front a live audience, which is something she used to love. What makes it interesting is that while it is personal to her, she has some happy songs in the middle of the album. She is not taking herself too seriously, but she points out what she wants to deliver in this album.
The vocals of Sia is brilliant, remained very strong after what she has gone through.
The lyrics matured from her previous album and even in the happiest of songs, the lyrics still remained personal to Sia.
The track list makes the album know how to start an album, and how to end an album.
The production, especially from Greg Kurstin is brilliant. He knows how to make music, whether it's a happy song or it's a personal song.
In my honest opinion, I love We Are Born more because quirky Sia is my favorite Sia. But for Sia's loyal fans, they're going to love this album, especially they have been craving more new music since her expanded fame.",1,3,"Jul 13, 2014"
9,"Overall, I feel that 1000 Forms of Fear is a very decent album. The production is great, but also tends to draw a little dull when listening to the album in full. The songs on this album thrive on a powerful, moving chorus, making them all radio friendly - the type of music that most Americans tend to be drawn to nowadays. I do truly appreciate that the production on 1000 Forms of Fear is focused on Sia's powerful vocals. Nothing has been unnecessarily added to overpower or outshine the vocal talent here. However, I wish that Sia would have taken that voice to go further outside her comfort zone; I think she's underestimating the power of her own voice.
Sia really hit it big in her native country Down Under, but in terms of radio airplay in the United States, only Sia's featured songs really took off until 'Chandelier.' Even with the relatively vapid productions on 1000 Forms of Fear, Sia's voice and lyrics shine through to create a pretty solid album. Although she doesn't want to be a worldwide superstar, she just created a record so enticing to the masses that she may have accidentally injected her name into the jugular vein of pop culture.
You can read my full review of this album at: http://auralfixationreviews.blogspot.com/2014/07/1000-forms-of-fear-sia.html",1,4,"Jul 10, 2014"
0,"I remember time when Sia was a cool artist. She used to make unique music but then... Something strange happened and she released 'Chandelier' and later this awful album '1000 Forms of Fear'. I can't **** understand why she hides her face. Everyone knows her face so what's the problem? Anyway, this album is an average and boring work. Compared to her old albums... this is really weak.",1,7,"Oct 13, 2015"
0,"achei bem fraquinho, basicamente ela tentou fazer uma farofa comercial, mas s que perdeu toda essencia dela, saudades da Sia do bem, separadas por um Xandeli",2,16,"Aug 23, 2014"
10,"Quite rarely has Pop music hit the emotional chords so powerfully as Sia's latest album did.  Everything she and her music represents is a revelation to the gradually-staling pop industry, half of which should thank her for dedicated, inspired songwriting through the past two decades.  I also can't stop listening to her live performances on Howard Stern (Diamonds and Chandelier)--brings me to tears every time.",0,1,"Mar 15, 2015"
6,"While listening, I was trying to believe and convince myself of two things: that 1000 Forms Of Fear would be more than just the immaculate Chandelier, and that Sia could be an equally good singer and songwriter. Unfortunately, at the end, none of these thoughts could turn to reality.",0,1,"Jul 29, 2014"
10,"This is too much for me. This is the most amazing thing my ears have had the pleasure of hearing. From Chandelier to Hostage, this album is perfection. Every song on the album is catchy and meaningful. This is the type of music that takes me to another place and it is too good. Sia writes songs for many talented singers, and I'm so glad that she has kept the best 12 songs she's written in the past few years for 1000 Forms of Fear.",0,4,"Jul 10, 2014"
7,"Chandelier is a good song to leave in background while doing my stuff, soft with rhythm and sense, the video could be much better, a child dancing the whole song is not just what I think when hear it, could be a hundred times better but the song is just what I want and is really good.",0,1,"May 29, 2015"
5,"Quando Chandelier foi lanada achei que esse album seria uma bomba e um dos melhores de 2014. Porm quando foi lanado eu me desapontei um pouco. Algumas msicas so muito cansativas e chatinhas, mas gostei bastante de Chandelier, Big Girls Cry e Burn The Pages.",0,1,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh que album perfeito!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
6,"Disappointing. This album has some absolutely fantastic songs (elastic heart, chandelier) and the rest is underwhelming. Her attempt to convey her pain through soaring choruses is breathtaking at her best and boring and repetitive at her worst. Sia has an incredible voice, but many of these songs sound as if they could've been written by another pop diva such as Rihanna or Beyonce; here's just nothing that separates this album from any other mediocre pop charts album. It's not that this album is bad, it's just not good.",0,1,"Dec 10, 2015"
8,"An excellent pop album. Her vocal performances are great, as is her voice. She's also a very talented songwriter, because i really enjoyed the lyrics here. The music is also quite impressive, and the production as well.
I won't give it a 10, though. It's not THAT extraordinary.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2014"
10,"This album is my first introduction to Sia Furler and I was truly impressed.  The album is excellent -- easily in my top 5 of 2014.   But Chandelier is the crown jewel; a song of great complexity and emotion matched with an outstanding vocal performance.  I don't see how it doesn't win song of the year.   While the other songs don't match the power or sophistication of Chandelier, they are all interesting and well constructed songs.    This one is definitely worth your time.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2014"
10,"10/10 clearly. What more do you want from an advanced, artistic, pop-album? No song is less than good, and the best ones are masterpieces of combining grit and gloss.
I'm so happy, I have new pop-goddess in my pantheon. (Robyn is another.)",0,0,"Jul 19, 2014"
5,"1000 Forms of Fear boasts a powerful voice from a talented singer-songwriter. Hits like 'Chandelier,' 'Big Girls Cry' and 'Elastic Heart' shine under Sia's vocals and the instrumentals for these three tracks highlight her voice perfectly. Despite these arguably near-perfect stand out tracks, the rest of the album shows less to be desired. To be blunt, it appears as if the remainder of the songs are a collection of those that were turned down by other artists.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2016"
6,"Her vulnerability and her vocal chops are 1000 Forms of Fears' highlights. And in case it hasn't already been established -- except it already has about, well, '1000' times, it doesn't hurt to be a critically acclaimed songwriter as well ('You went straight for the knife/And I prepared to die/Your blade, it shines/Looked me straight in the eye'); her ability to turn broken-hearted lyrics about alcoholism, drug addiction, and abusive relationships into fist-pumping pop hooks ('1, 2, 3/1, 2, 3, drink') is stunning. However, my recurring issue with producer Greg Kurstin is his often extraordinarily unextraordinary production, making every melody sound like a cheap rehash of the other. In conclusion, while Sia certainly is a talented spirit in the singer-songwriting industry and she'll certain bleed out another hit or two after 'Chandelier', whether it's for her or another of the '1000' singers she writes for, 1000 Forms of Fear is a lyrically and vocally ambitious album that tends to never reach its desperate highs thanks to some so-and-so, copy-and-paste production, which often over-polishes the quirky personality we met years ago before all the top-ten featured vocal contributions.
Recommended tracks are, of course, 'Chandelier', 'Eye of the Needle', 'Straight for the Knife', 'Fair Game', and the Diplo-produced 'Elastic Heart', which was previously featured on The Hunger Games: Catching Fire soundtrack last year.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2014"
7,"A creative and strong album, Thoroughly enjoyed the song introduces at the start of the album, however it did slightly go downhill towards the end of the album  however this album is a must-hear.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2014"
9,"One of the most poignant, emotionally resonating and important pop albums of the decade, crafted by the master lyricist and singer Sia, who has long been an indie darling in many circles. Launching her music into the turbulent world of the mainstream charts and radio, 1000 Forms of Fear represents a turning point in Sia's career, one that would be considered selling out if it were done by any other artist. Instead, Sia turns her pop debut into a shining magnum opus, with intelligent lyrics and masterful production.",0,0,"May 22, 2015"
8,"1000 Forms of Fear is a melodically diverse album, with deep lyrics, showing a more intimate side of Sia. Every track is exciting, and you certainly will repeat the playlist several times!",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
5,"1000 Forms of Fear no  tudo isso como todo mundo diz, ela j fez lbuns bem melhores do que esse, eu esperava mais da Sia, mas infelizmente me decepcionei bastante, achei muito ruim, muito fraco, esperava mais de 1000 Forms of Fear, ela fez um lbum na qual todo mundo quer ouvir, q infelizmente ela aderiu ao estilo da dcada q por sinal o estilo musical da atualidade est uma porcaria. Mas apesar do lbum est ruim, pelo menos ela continua com seu talento que por sinal  incrvel.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2014"
8,"This album has better songwriting and production than any of Sia's other works, and the emotions portrayed on some of the tracks here are very powerful. Definitely Sia's best album, by far.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2015"
8,"While the album was obviously released due to Sia's breakthrough hits such as 'Titanium,' 1000 Forms of Fear offers strong pop balladry combined with dark overtones to create an album best suited for drunken nights of introspective regret.
BEST TRACKS: Eye of the Needle, Straight for the Knife, Fire Meet Gasoline",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
10,"Simply amazing. You can really feel the lyrics and the message Sia is conveying through each song on 1000 Forms Of Fear - with each song being unique from one another. Truly a great singer and songwriter - which is demonstrated by her innovation with each album and 1000 Forms Of Fear yet again sets a new bar in her innovation. In my opinion, it's a must buy album and I enjoy every song on the album.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
6,"1000 Forms of Fear is a new musical direction for Sia, although not necessarily one that I care for. There are some standout tracks on here like Chandelier, Big Girls Cry, Elastic Heart, and Free the Animal, but the rest of the album doesn't really live up to these great songs. It seems like she's going for a more mainstream sound with this album, and as a result it sounds a lot less musically adventurous than her previous efforts. Her vocal performance is probably the most expressive that I've heard from her, but although it's fantastic and pain-stricken in some songs, in certain places it's actually quite annoying and hard to listen to. I think Sia is a very intriguing artist, but I don't think this is a particularly good effort from her.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2015"
8,"1000 Forms of Fear is a mix of many different sounds with some songs that are so enchanting you will be hooked from the very first sound! Sia brings together a new sound for her voice that is more powerful than ever and somewhat haunting. For songs with a more upbeat, loud feeling, try the single 'Chandelier' or the brilliant, fast paced 'Hostage'. One of the more soft sounding songs that has a bit of a creepy touch is 'Fair Game' which may have you hooked immediately. The song 'Eye of The Needle' is my favorite song from the album because of the buildup and background music. The one thing I will say is that unless you are a professional, lots of the lyrics will be very hard to understand. Print out the lyrics to get the words right! Overall, great album to buy immediately!",0,0,"Oct 22, 2015"
10,"PERFECT.....Sia did her best .I think that there is no negative point in this album all of the things are in harmony like perfect Voice,perfect Lyric and also perfect Beat.
this album made different and unknown feeling in every body who listen to it. my favorite:Chandelier,Elastic Heart,Big Girls Cry,Fire Meet Gasoline,Straight for the Knife,Fire Meet Gasoline",0,0,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"Tantas emoes para um lbum com somente  12 faixas, mostrando sensibilidade e fragilidade em Cellophane , Fair Game, e Dressed In Black que facilmente  a melhor do lbum, contando uma verdadeira histria de amor.Em Free The Animal, Sia revela uma lado mais selvagem, Fire Meet Gasoline  aquela cano explosiva que juntamente com Chandelier, se destaca.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
8,"Trs bon album, qui s'ouvre avec Chandelier, titre aussi parfait que l'est son clip.
Le reste de l'album est un concentr de bons titres (Elastic Heart en tte ou encore Fire Meet Gasoline).",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"The uncomparable talented force known as Sia really is here to stay. With so many powerful ballads, full of great and raw vocals, 1000 Forms of Fear is for sure one of the best albums of this decade.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2016"
7,"Digamos que esse lbum no foi o melhor a ser retratado por Sia, suas composies so to puras... No vejo isso neste lbum, eu adoraria um pouco mais de sonoridade. O mais que me chama a ateno so seus incrveis vocais! Sia arrasa! Algumas musicas deste lbum eu gostei, por isso justifica minha nota a ser dada.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
7,"7.5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"1. Chandelier 10/10
2. Big Girls Cry 10/10
3. Burn The Pages 9/10
4. Eye Of The Needle 9.2/10
5. Hostage 8.7/10
6. Straight For The Knife 8.8/10
7. Fair Game 9.1/10
8. Elastic Heart 10/10
9. Free The Animal 10/10
10. Fire Meet Gasoline 10/10
11. Cellophane 10/10
12. Dressed In Black 9.6/10",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
10,"um dos lbuns mais incrveis de todos os tempos,com destaque para 'Fire Meet Gasoline'  ' Elastic Heart ' Chandelier ' que so super hits energticos e sentimentais como um grande grito de liberdade",0,0,"Jun 20, 2016"
8,"For Brian Eno, i only listened to his 1975 album 'Another Green World'. I really enjoyed it, and there are some tunes that i still remember, despite last hearing them years ago. Truly unforgettable stuff.
I got this album, hoping that it has the same level of brilliance of the previously mentioned one. Unfortunately, it doesn't; which made me feel a bit disappointed.
But when i gave it a second listen, i realized that it's pretty much impressive in its own right. Tracks 'DBF' and 'Moulded Life' boast some really cool and fast electronic music, while 'Return' and 'Cells & Bells' are more relaxing and slow, but no less mesmerizing.
The remaining two tracks (there's only 6 of them) are okay, but didn't capture my attention in any special way.
So in the end, i can say that this is a pretty great electronic album, and a pretty great Brian Eno album. Check it out.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2014"
8,"The critics aren't evaluating this correctly, so I had to jump in and represent. This is a great album, it harkens back to Eno's heyday with My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts (deeply abstract, vibrant and impassioned live performances) and the hypnotic groovy-ness of Remain In Light's polyrhythms. High Life is his best work in 20 years and yet it feels spontaneous and current, which is refreshing. It sounds like Eno being inspired by more outside forces than just the legacy of his previous accomplishments.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2014"
10,"Fifteen dollars is given,
All tracks of this album are works of art !!! I've never heard a better song than Avaritia !!! Continue like this deadmau5.",3,3,"Jan 17, 2015"
10,"Best album ever. I can't stop listen to it. Thanks Joel for making good music. I presently listen to My Pet Coelacanth and that's awesome ! I can't understand how people can dislike this album. Ignore all the haters, that's AMAZING !!!",1,1,"Jan 17, 2015"
9,"Deadmau5 shows a much deeper side of himself and his power as a songwriter, this album certainly is more experimental and less club friendly but for his true fans it's a great and satisfying album.",4,5,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"Absoltely fantastic album. Here we see deadmau5 abilities in mixing genres and even creating new sounds. I love this deadmau5 and I hope he will eventually release many other tracks.",2,3,"Jun 26, 2014"
4,"Ritmos que pasan por el Club House y Chiptunes son parte del sonido que Deadmau5 evocaba al menos hasta su anterior trabajo 'album title goes here' no inclua temas tan pegajosos como 'Some Chords'  'Ghost and Stuff' pero se entenda que era disco para tocarse en grandes masas.
Sin embargo en 'While (1-2)' hallamos 141 minutos de piezas largas que si bien en varias de ellas  no abandona su estilo juguetn y bailable, la verdad es que en la mayora ha desinflado esa maquinara electrnica epilptica y la convertido en piezas de piano acompaadas por sosegados sintetizadores. Haciendo una travesa arriesgada e insatisfactoria entre Boards Of Canada y Aphex Twin, resulta un sonido repetitivo sin sentido, una especie de dinamita con una mecha fallida que nunca explota.
Es claro que Deadmau5 haya querido dar un sonido ms extenso, sosegado y maduro, pero el trabajo en si es una ola de sintetizadores alargados que se desvanecen y pierden entre tantas canciones.",1,2,"Jun 24, 2014"
5,"Deadmau5's next entry into his discography, in my opinion, has been a mixed  entry. The two songs that stand out from the others are 'Seeya' and 'Aviritia', mainly because they were released as singles so you know they're the gems out of the album, and because they're quality songs from Deadmau5. However, I feel that the rest of the album lacks in this. 'Seeya' is one of my most loved songs  - I've practically listened to it every day since it came out, same with Aviritia, but all of the other songs from 'While(1",1,2,"Jun 27, 2014"
10,"Definitely Deadmau5's best effort yet. This is the first deadmau5 album that actually feels like an album and not just a compilation of songs, and you can really see that in the 2nd disc.
The highs are:
Disc 1
Avaritia, My Pet Coelacanth. Infra Turbo Pigcart Racer, Somewhere Up Here, Phantoms Can't Hang, and Gula
Disc 2
Acedia, Errors in My Bread, Rlyehs Lambet, Mercedes, Bleed, Monday, Pets, and Seeya
My least favorite is creep, and its probably because i haven't listened to it that much or I just like the other ones more. But regardless, amazing album. Congrats Joel. Don't have your opinion based on a score or critics opinion. Have your own.
,",1,2,"Jul 25, 2014"
7,"I'm glad that Deadmau5 followed up from a fairly mediocre effort with Album Title Goes Here, to a pretty decent album. For the most part this is a solid album with some great mixes in this behemoth of an album. This also includes a couple of remixes one much better than the other unfortunately. For the most part it it's a pretty good album yet there are some problems with it. There is a lot of filler in this like just some interludes that are just unnecessary. A couple of songs aren't that great and the nine inch nails song he remixed wasn't that great. Overall I liked this album. Stand-out song: Pets: I very much like the atmospheric feel of the song.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
2,"Franchement du... Moi qui tait fan de 'Strobe', 'Move For Me', 'I Remember' ou 'Ghost'n'Stuff et de son album 'random album title' je ne retrouve pas ce style dans son dernier album... Aprs il ne dplaira srement pas  d'autres personnes mais ses fans de la premire heure risque d'tre surpris mme si 2-3 chansons sortent du lot.",0,3,"Aug  3, 2014"
9,"The double album that Deadmau5 needed to make. As mixed reviews have shown, It's a polarizing album; if you're already a big fan, odds are you will love it. If you're a casual fan and expecting  cookie-cutter EDM singles, it's probably not for you. The album nods at The Fragile by NIN as well as Trent Reznor's soundtrack work to great affect, proving that Deadmau5 has aspirations beyond the current electronic scene.
As a long time fan, this is the album I've been waiting to hear.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2014"
8,"deadmau5 dio un giro a su estilo msical al que estabamos acostumbrados , pero este nuevo album muestra quizas su otro lado de el , ya que la gran parte de el disco es bastante quieta y quizas hasta obscura , claro , tambien sin dejar a un lado los clasicos beats de club , definitivamente como el lo dijo , este es su primer album real , y asi es como suena , como un albm y no como una simple recopilacin.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"Sry for using Polish language, i just can't say everything what i want in Eng.
Trzeba otwarcie przyzna, e ludzie nastawieni na muzyk do klubw czy dyskotek mocno odbij si od tego albumu. Pozostali za doceni kunszt Deadmau5'a przy fantastycznych poczeniach utworw fortepianowych z mocnymi, elektronicznymi brzmieniami. Z mocniejszych akcentw warto wyrni 'Avaritia', My pet Coelacanth', 'Gula', 'Mercedes' i 'Pets'. Z drugiej strony Joel czsto spowalnia tempo i pozwala na chwil zapomnienia przy 'Invidia', 'Rlyehs Lament' i 'Silent Picture'. Nowa pyta zostaa fantastycznie skomponowana i jest warta zakupu. Aczkolwiek nie obra si, jeli nastpny album bdzie bardziej 'danceflorowy' :)",0,2,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"WOW! Just wow. This album is just amazing. When a readed all the bad things people were saying about this album I wanted to find out if it was all very true, and trust me it wasn't!!
2 discs are very very good although the first one is a little better.
better album yet and **** the hate
best songs :
disc one : My pet Coelacanth , Phantoms can't hang , Infra turbo pigcart racer , Gula , Terrors in my head.
Disc two: Pets, Petting Zoo , Mercedes , Acedia
there are few slowbeat chill step that are good as well : Creep, somewhere up here, a moment to myself, rlyehs Lament
are the worst tracks are : coelacanth (2min of boring beat) , superbia ( feels like an intro, nothing special either) invidia ( another filler that is useless
althought the disc2 contains a lot of pointless songs, its experimental so thats great at less its not clubbish songs, Deadmau5 as FINALLy done an EPIC LP HERE! mercedes, infra turbo pigcart racer, pets and phantoms cant hang are some of the best songs he ever DID!",0,1,"Jul 14, 2014"
8,"Joel Zimmerman AKA deadmau5 has considerably created his best album to date by virtually doing the same thing he's been for years and years -- seriously, some of these songs originally came out years ago, 'Bleed' being one of my most notable favorites. But by inserting in some more ambient influences, '80s synths, melancholy melodies, piano pieces, and Nine Inch Nails-esque glitchy bleeps and bloops (as well as NIN remix), he fools us into believing we're witnessing some sort of transition since his previous album, >album title goes here",0,0,"Aug 10, 2014"
9,"This is Joel spreading his wings a little bit more -- diverse, emotive, dynamic, and every bit as endearing.  The genres interweave around progressive house and modern classical (but not exclusive). Made for listening in your home because frankly there is more than enough crap house to play in your local night club.  God bless electronic musicians (Trentemller also comes to mind, for some reason) that go forth and reinterpret EDM and bend a few genres.  Very fun, approachable album for the masses -- should make you smile. :-)",0,0,"Mar 15, 2015"
7,"Deadmau5 has put some great songs on this album, though it is a bit unnecessary that he made it into a double album. The piano tracks are sweet and this way he makes it a perfect tribute to Aphex Twin (think 'Drukqs'), but he could've better made an album in which he just shows his new sound and combining that sound with those piano tracks, like he did on 'Somewhere Up Here'. Also the two remixes were very unnecessary. But I'm not gonna rate an album on what it should not have, but I'd rather look at the positive things it does have. 'Avaritia' for instance is so repetitive that it is almost hypnotizing; 'Phantoms Can't Hang' may be my favourite of this album, in which he puts a melody with an unusual rhythm in very satisfying chord progression; and I'm also very happy with the fact that he finally put 'Bleed' on an album. This new sound he created is very minimal, yet melodic and it sounds promising, he almost sounds more like a composer than a EDM producer, but I'm not satisfied yet.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2015"
7,"This album has its great moments, but it occasionally gets lost in its length, spiraling off into the white space of its simple, soft piano pieces. However, it flows in the vein of the Selected Ambient Works albums by Aphex Twin and is worth a listen.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2014"
7,"After giving this album a few lessons, I can safely settle on believing that this album is pretty... good.
At times, the album is good. An amazing song or remix comes on, such as Ice Age, but many of these great moments are blocked out by some pretty mediocre sounding songs. While these songs aren't bad, I couldn't tell them apart or even name them if I tried. They're just there in the album, and while they continue the atmosphere of the album they are pretty boring to trek through if you want the whole experience of listening to the entire album at once.
Overall, mau5 has a pretty interesting album here. Some of these songs make my favorites list, while others could be thrown away easily. 7/10",0,0,"Dec 15, 2014"
9,"I am starting to appreciate other music than music from the ''EDM'' scene (like all songs on spinnin, revealed and wall recordings). Overall it sounds a bit sad (I think it has to do with the breakup with his girlfriend). But this album is just a masterpiece.",0,0,"May 21, 2015"
8,"8.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"Definitive masterpiece by one and only deadmau5, not deadmau five, it is deadmau5 like maus, mouse.
This guy is a unique example of Anti-EDM producer, someone who cares about music and so makes such an awesome albums.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
6,"New Eyes is a solid debut from a promising newcomer in house music, featuring mostly agreeable tracks (Rather Be and Heart on Fire are probably the best on the album), though the classical-cum-electronic sounds get boring after a while and the songs are hard to differentiate.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2014"
7,"New Eyes is a pretty album, dancing hits with classical influences. Rather Be is intense but it has defects and 'Extraordinary' is predictable. At least, it can be a option to listen when there isn't anything better.",1,1,"Sep  3, 2014"
5,"The two big singles (Rather Be and Extraordinary) are standouts but the album is left down by video game sounds in place of what is promised, weak autotuned singers and silly lyrics.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2014"
8,"It's not that bad. The impressive aspects include the fact that he has made it clear that this is a dance-pop album and that this isn't David Guetta quality in the aspects that he hasn't ripped off his own remixes of his rubbish songs and the singers on the album are still comfortable and not awkwardly unbearable. Stop trying to make him look like David Guetta because he ain't anywhere near.",1,1,"Jun 30, 2014"
8,"Although this isn't old Tiesto, it's still a great album for any EDM fan. I think it's good for Tiesto to experience with new genres instead of sticking with Trance. This album is a must buy.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2015"
8,"Overall a pretty good CD.
Over half the songs are awesome!!!
Others aren't really that great ( last train, Footprints etc. )
But the majority of the album is really solid.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Aaron not only proves that he can continue making incredible music after these 15+ years, he also shows that he can conquer any genre, though this album wasn't as abstract and experimental as some of his previous releases, it's still worth checking out without a doubt. I found myself addicted to each track once at a time, tracks like Amazon keep to his original chaotic style and there are some more chilled out tracks on here for easy listening, it really does have everything. I just hope he goes back to the days where he would release up to 5 albums a year, I'm hoping for a couple more by the end of 2015 *fingers crossed*.
My Love is a Bulldozer > Syro",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
10,"every things great, ok ok...
but this is not the old anathema,where is that dark atmosphere? where is that deppressive voice?where is that painful suicide veil's shout? i cant' remember how many times i cried with that sick last goodbye...
I know all of them.
the reality is we can't listen to something brutal like judgment but we still have a great singer :-)
vincent kavanagh did his job as well as ever! and sure, now the female singer has riper voice than weather systems .sometimes we hear an attractive drum's playing that we never he heard before ,guitar solos are great ,like ever and i swear the 'anathema' track will show you the old band's solos ,and yes ,this track is the best in this work.
Distant Satellites is dreamy, beautiful and hopeful.you must know this is milder than 2012 album ...
but it's still anathema and you will love this, if you loved two latest albums",0,0,"Jun 12, 2014"
10,"One of the most moving electronical records of 2014. Stellar production with a classical touch and the haunting voice of Elisabeth Bernholz which more than once reminds me of Beth Gibbons from Portishead. Highly recommended!",0,0,"Dec 19, 2014"
7,"Taylor McFerrin has pressure on him already because of his prolific father's career. First of all, I definitely commend his endeavor into music without trying to mimic a shadow of Bobby McFerrin.
This album involves good neo-soul and modern R&B production. It's a well written and recorded piece. Some of the featured artists on it are also very hot in neo-soul (I'm talking about you Hiatus Kaiyote). My only problem is that some of the songs are a tad monotonous near the middle of the album.
The songs 'The Antidote' and 'Invisible/Visible' were my personal favorites.
For a first album, this is a great start to Taylor McFerrin's career.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2014"
5,"'Enter The Ninja' had set the bar real high for Die Antwoord, and after three albums it seems they will not be likely to reach that hight any time soon. They made some other good songs yes, but they just don't seem capable of making a good album.
The second half of the album is quite good, but quite good is still far from great, and the first half... well, 15min after listening for the second time I already forgot the songs and tunes so...
All-in-all yet another album with some catchy songs accompanied by stuff just there to fill the album,
mind you, combine the best hits of all three albums into one and you've got something nice.",1,1,"Sep 27, 2014"
10,"10 out of 10 for pure awesomeness of this group. Love their tracks, love their vids, love this style. Yo-landi is a bomb. Die Antwoord has fresh vibes and its great to hear something new form hi-tek after listening to copy paste **** uninspired 'PRO' djs like Calvin Harris, David Guetta or Tiesto. Theyre something like PRODIGY in their prime days. I didnt had this much fun when listening to music for a way to long time...",0,1,"Nov 12, 2014"
6,"At first I was like OMG I'M SCARED, but now I'm liking it more and more. I still think that the music is trash, but I like it. It's a weird feel. I have Happy Go Sucky **** and Cookie Thumper stuck in my head. I'm going to listen their other albums soon.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2015"
3,"Unlike Lady Gaga her culture of music  is 'captivating' and the fans of modern music love her for it. When it comes to music Die Antwoord's  lyrics are inexpressible also the music videos that they do is unwholesome, they expressed their 'South Africa' culture in a wrong prospective. All they do is get attention and get reactions from others, they have no respect for the industry. Their album 'Donker Mag' is not enjoy able to hear.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2015"
4,"Die Antwoord do have a tendency to break up the flow of their albums with stupid skits and annoying sections even within songs, and that is increasingly apparent here. The only real highlight is a heavily reworked cover of Pitbull Terrier by Emir Kustirica. Other tracks increasingly fall flat; I Don't Dwank has a good second half, but a poor first half and therefore is still fairly unlistenable. Songs like Sex are just plain dull, which is one thing I never thought I'd say about Die Antwoord, regardless of whether I like the track or not. There are still a few tracks keeping this album afloat, but with over 50% of the tracks being either poor or pointless skits, one feels they might have been better off just releasing the better tracks as an EP",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
8,"Weird, extreme, rude and harsh, 'Donker Mag' shines through songs like 'Ugly Boy' and 'Pitbull Terrier'. Very pleasurable for who likes the genre, very incomprehensible for the outsiders of this duo.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2016"
0,"Not very good. The only reason it has a 7.4 user score is because not many people have voted. I gave it a 0 to balance things out. Anywayyyy, looking forward to their next release.",0,0,"May 22, 2016"
9,"Maybe not quite as oppressive as By The Throat, but still an incredible experience of distortion filled experimenting. If anything the only real downfall of this album is the slight lack of cohesion as compared to Ben Frost's earlier works, but it's still a must listen for anyone looking into dark ambient or experimental music, and a welcome addition for previous Ben Frost fans.",4,4,"May 27, 2014"
4,"I'm a huge fan of drone, noise, ambient whatever you want to call it and love this dudes work on soundtracks.
This album to me is probably the only album I find 'unlistenable', and i don't mean 'unlistenable' in the sense that the themes are so awful and hateful you have to turn it off (the good way), I mean that some of the production literally causes pain to my ears... Plenty of other noise artists make 'unlistenable' drone that assaults the senses and calms/energizes you but some of the production on this (really harsh, scratchy bits of EQd noise, painful white noise etc.) literally causes me physical pain and every time it happens it is so jarring and unpleasant that I can't continue with much more of the album, which sucks because Bread Crumbs is pretty much my favouritest track ever :(",1,2,"Dec  7, 2014"
5,"It has some interesting parts with power. However, most of the album is boring and fails to evoke any emotions. The parts i liked are in: 'Nolan', 'Secant', and 'A Single Point of Blinding Light'.",1,3,"Jun 26, 2014"
9,"This albums is an excellent blend of folk elements expressed with electronic means. There are murmuring vocals and synths that become indistinguishable, some pulses but not EDM-like beats either, and songwriting that is perplexing but enchanting. I think those who value production over lyrics will especially enjoy this album.
Another audience that this album caters to includes those who like choirs or ensembles of music. The use of alternating harmonies and arrangements would appeal to the choir singer population I'd imagine.
Best tracks 'innocents' and 'broken blue.'",1,1,"Aug  7, 2014"
8,"his is the definition of harmony. The elements of synths, vocals and a flawless production together form a unity which from time to time touch the soul in such a beautiful way. That said, production and instrumentals/vocals are much more important than lyrics, which may be the only weakness of this record, together with the fact that this record could/should be one or two tracks shorter. Sometimes the record fails to keep the momentum. Apart from that: one of the most beautiful and charismatic records of the year so far.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2014"
7,"After Scintilli - a difficult and unwelcoming masterpiece of an album, full of depth and expressive anarchy - Reachy Prints sounds positively simple: it is full of pleasant and uncluttered song structures, lush synths, typically Plaid-ish chiming melodies. The subtle and dark undercurrent that has always lurked beneath the surface layer of beautiful counterpoint and the wistful playfulness, is still there, to be sure, but the emphasis this time is on minimalism and impressionism, rather than maximalism and expressionism (which arguably reached its apex in the previous album). The album sounds more Monet than Picasso, if you catch my drift - although it ultimately sounds unmistakably IDM. At its best, it sounds like a return to the lush sounds of Double Figure and the playful simplicity of the very first Plaid albums, mixed with a bit of Boards of Canada (such as 'Hawkmouth' and 'Wallet'). There are even a few less pop-friendly tracks, like the wonderful and weird 'Ropen'. Spicing up the mix are a couple of cool beat-heavy tracks, like the pseudo-afrobeat banger 'Slam' and the robot-disco 'Matin Lunaire.'
This is by no means a bad album, just a bit disappointing after the extremely inventive and futuristic Scintilli, which pushed the boundaries of electronic music. But maybe they just needed a break from complexity? An average Plaid album is still a pretty good electronic music album by any other standard.",1,1,"May 29, 2014"
10,"This time round an effing delight. Yes perhaps not the boundary breaker that they've had with some more recent releases, but for me, it's right on song. Cheers Gents, I've waited but it's been worth it, thank you.",0,0,"May 28, 2014"
9,"While it certainly does not have tracks as remarkable as they used to produce back in the old days (Not for Threes ;), Rest Proof Clockwork), it is a pretty solid album from start to finish. As Allmusic's review of Rest Proof Clockwork says: 'The element that puts them far, far ahead of every other beatminer out there is a growing sense of spirit that lets the machines do the singing.', 15 years later they have not lost this quality.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2015"
0,"This album was extremely disappointing for me as a huge fan of almost every Dance artist.
I wouldn't have even known about this album if I hadn't heard 'Ten Feet Tall' on the radio.
The original was way better with just Wrabel. Afrojack just watered it down with Generic radio/pop EDM.
As for the rest of the album, it's very underdone.
Ten Feet Tall, although painfully generic, is one of the best here.
Illuminate isn't terrible, but the drop is still kind of generic.
Born To Run has one of the crappiest drops I've ever heard. Completely Lackluster!!!
Freedom starts out with potential, but the drop is mediocre at best.
Towards the end of The Spark, the drop gets better with more bass, but before that it's bland and lazy.
Dynamite is okay, but it isn't great. The drop is pretty basic here.
Too Wild isn't bad, because there isn't a drop ( not that I know of ) but it's not great.
Three Strikes sounds like just a filler track on here, barely any substance.
Catch Tomorrow has good vocals on the drop ( the woah oh stuff ) but the music is weak
We'll Be Ok is another generic song ft. Wrabel that could've been better with a different DJ
Mexico is okay, but lacks substance
Keep Our Love Alive is alright, generic drop.
Faded is just pretty redundant
As Your Friend is halfway decent, but Afrojack just has these really weak and bland drops and beats,
Do or Die is just generic
Sovereign Light Caf has a weak and lazy drop.
There wasn't one really good song on this album. It's grown on me slightly but this is too generic and watered down. Good vocals, but the music ruins this entire thing.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
8,"A box set that is 100% designed for the vinyl fetishist; part winsome tribute to an era's end, part fulfillment of Murphy's vision of post-modern rock-n-roll--erudite, maximally referential, and supremely reverential. An approach that contains its own self-critique (Losing My Edge is as much personal admonishment as tell off). Included in that reverence are the canonical covers of Alan Vega and Nilsson and the quotes from Suicide and Daft Punk featured in the Losing My Edge performance. Guest highlights are frequent, with Reggie Watts' solo being nearly the topmost moment of the show.
The core of the show rewardingly centers around the 2007 masterwork Sound of Silver, and not too surprisingly, while the promotion of the other 2007 release, the sublime 45:33, lends this particular show enough stature to compile 5xLP records into what is an amazingly cogent presentation.
Simply put, their last show was the best show that the band ever did, and it is wonderfully captured on both this vinyl box set, but also comes across smashingly on the 24-bit FLAC version(s) now also available (the download that comes with the box disappointingly provides only 'lossy' MP3 320 versions, given the price it would've been nice to receive the FLAC files as well). There are reasons the market isn't ready for that just yet, but one hopes that lavish packages will come with all of the best source material, including at least lossless options, if not high-resolution 24-bit media.
As someone who saw the band live once, in the brief festival format (e.g. an abbreviated headliner set of 90 minutes), this much longer show completes the vibe and forwards the elation gained seeing the band live on that one occasion.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2014"
10,"I don't think there is much to say. LCD Soundsystem the best band in the world when they did split. Best Parts: Dance Yrself Clean, All my Friends (Though I don't like the studio version, this show makes it amazing, Freak Out/Starry Eyes, North American Scum, Tribulations, Losing My Edge (Suicide and Daft Punk covered haha), New York I love you... Worse Parts (If there is any): Bye Bye Bayou, Jump into the fire,",0,0,"May 22, 2014"
6,"Like tripping through a vacuum of scrap metal, this album is kinda beautiful but not enough. It is mostly sharp, harsh sounds that have been smoothed over during production with backing ambience. The most colourful and pretty track of the album is the title track, Bcs. It is similarly harsh, though, has a nicer chord progression and simplicity that adds more character to it . I probably wouldnt bother telling anyone about this album unless someone was looking for something unusual that isnt typical to their taste. Kinda dystopian sounding, like the personal aftermath of a drug addiction.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2014"
9,"http://osianlewis.blogspot.co.uk/2014/08/little-dragon-nabuma-rubberband-review.html
Read my review of Little Dragon 'Nabuma Rubberband' here!
'Eccentric, Effervescent and Utterly Enchanting'.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2014"
3,"There is a lack of art and creativity with the redundancy and repetition. Sad to have to hear this on our airwaves when there is so much more quality to behold by the ears.",0,2,"Feb  8, 2015"
9,"Well, well, Chromeo is back.
This album is effing amazing.   as Dinology says, this is by far their most polished and overall best album to date.  All songs are great.  While there are no tracks that match the magic of Fancy Footwork, the album also features no duds.   Amazing up beat funk that makes you unable to resist bobbing your head to the beat.",0,0,"May 26, 2014"
3,"Far too gimmicky for my taste. They have basically recreated disco sounds without adding much in the way of innovation. If you're going to ape a style, pick a better style than disco. Better throwback groups (like HAIM) bring something fresh and new to familiar styles. I just don't find that here. Sexy Socialite is one of the worst songs I've heard in a while. And the guitar riff on Jealous is super-cheesy, as are the lyrics.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
8,"While the production is not exactly groundbreaking, Chromeo managed to make this one of their most polished and the best album they have ever released in their career. Overall it is best to say this album is solid and fun to listen to.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
9,"I discovered Chromeo about two months ago and have become a huge fan of their style. There's a sense of style with their music that hasn't been around in years, a mix of synth pop, rock guitar, soul, and funk that sounds like both a throwback and innovative. White Women continues that tradition with a further evolved style. There are at least five gems on this album (I'm not counting Sexy Socialite or Over Your Shoulder...those didn't stick with me). Play The Fool is some sort of retro fever dream mixed with modern sound. Love it.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
6,"This record is based on the conceptual idea of representing Asia in a generalist way, portraying it with all its popular cliches. On a musical level there's no great composition and the album tends to be boring, even if there are some good ideas here and there. In the track named Shanghai Freeway we can hear a vaporwave version of Philip Glass, while Shanzhai is an ambient cover of Nothing Compares To You that creates a metaphysical post-modern atmosphere.",1,1,"Jun 10, 2015"
9,"Since the first release, Badbadnotgood were pushing boundaries. Taking songs from prominent hip hop figures, improvising jazz tunes to them, and occasionally dropping a few originals. With III, they not only craft one original track after another, but it's almost impeccable how much better their original material is over their covers. Don't confuse my statement, their previous two records were great on their own stance, but III has opened up new doors for Badbadnotgood, doors not even the band has experienced until now. Added electronics and slightly more guitar use is just what the band needed. Their improvisational skills are unmatched.
All In All, III is a fantastic jazz album, one that should not be overlooked. Three consecutive, brilliant records in a row. A-",0,0,"May 25, 2014"
7,"It will be hard to compare their third full-length with their previous two, as those were mostly instrumental jazz/hip-hop covers, while this 9 tracks album is filled with 100% original material. It isn't that bad. They boost their creativity here but their tight playing has dimmed down a bit.
MUST HEAR TRACKS:
KALEIDISCOPE
SINCE YOU ASKED KINDLY
CS60
AVOID TRACKS:
CAN'T LEAVE THE NIGHT",0,0,"May 24, 2014"
8,"BADBADNOTGOOD's third album doesn't quite detach itself from the previous two, despite it featuring original songs with quite a simpler style. The pointy drum patterns downsize to more affordable rhythms, while still maintaining a strong sense of originality. Genres vary from pure jazz ('Differently Still') to nu-disco ('Since You Asked Kindly').
In the end, it's an awesome record, full of quality in performance, artistry and production.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2014"
10,"Best album of the year so far. Better than St.Vincent's and War on Drugs even. And even better for an BBNG fan... it's all new material composed by the 3 of them. No more covers. Just BADBADNOTGOOD.",0,0,"May 15, 2014"
8,"It isn't as good as Civilian, but how many albums are?  I'm not at all disappointed with this.  Wasner and Stack are fantastic at creating mood music for her unique vocals, and they did it again very well here.  This album only helps cement Wye Oak as one of my favorite bands.",0,0,"May  8, 2014"
6,"This album is kinda beautiful but not enough. It is mostly made of sharp harsh sounds that have been smoothed over during production. The most colourful and pretty track of the album is the title track, Bcs. It is similarly harsh, though, it has a nicer chord progression that adds more character to it. I probably wouldn't bother telling anyone about this album unless someone was looking for something unusual that's not typical to their taste. Kinda dystopian sounding.",0,5,"May 26, 2014"
9,"Chet Faker's debut album is amazing, he made huge huge progress after 'Thinking in textures' EP. He reminds me of James Blake, but his voice is much deeper. It's perfect record to listen with your girlfriend. I keep listen to it whole time. There is no weak song, you don't have to press 'forward' at any point. Music is brilliant, mix of electronic sounds with soft piano and other instruments. Everybody should give this CD a shot. 9/10 from me.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2014"
3,"Chet Faker, he's a capable producer, But he falls horrifically short as a singer, in my opinion. He does brings together a few decent songs and instrumentals on this debut album of his, though, specifically Talk Is Cheap and Gold.",0,3,"Apr 23, 2014"
3,"Disappointing. Chet makes many vital mistakes as a singer; he often confuses passion for straining which can easily be heard on 'Release your Problems', and most of the time he stays comfortably in his low-mid range, occasionally leaving this range to deliver a barely held and off-key high note which could make anyone wince. Aside from the flaws in his singing, the production brings predictable R&B beats to the table with nothing too special about them. To me, it seems that Chet is trying to hard to be a more accessible James Blake, but fails to deliver the so desperately needed vocals for contemporary R&B.",0,1,"Dec 28, 2014"
9,"Amazing debut from from a good aussie lad. The whole album's put together really well.
Standout tracks:
Blush
Release Your Problems
1998
Talk is Cheap",0,0,"May  5, 2014"
9,"In an era where tasteless and plastic-made pop stars shine for doing exactly the same things all over again, I celebrate on artists like Chet Faker, who are not afraid of taking risks, exploring new territories, crossing boundaries and playing with melodies and structures; making things differently - and actually, doing a great job!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2015"
8,"Chilled, catchy and intriguing. Chet Faker's voice is almost an instrument in itself in many of these songs, and the crisp production fuses the genres electronica, indie, house and ambient music into one. An interesting debut.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
10,"An album full of fun and good party. Makes you feel like you're in another planet.
Songs like 'Radio Stereo', 'Goody Two Shoes'' feels like a real good summer's party.
A 70's anthem like is aNYway. 'NRG' and 'Spandex' is like heaven.",2,2,"Apr 15, 2014"
8,"It's a fun electronic music album that has many influences, ranging from 70s disco, to 80s pop, to 90s dance music . It has many great beats, while the skits are a hit and miss. My favorite tracks are: 'aNYway', 'NRG', 'Ring Me', and 'Time Waits for No-One'. I'll definitely be listening to them when the summer hits.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2014"
8,"A good, fun, 80's/90's disco type vibe. Hardly any filler....except all the skits at the end of tracks. Should've made them separate tracks so they can be deleted.
Hard to rate accurately given 'Barbara Streisand' & 'Anyway' were bangers in their day but totally sick of now that the album's come out 3 years later. Would given it a 9 otherwise.",0,0,"May 13, 2014"
9,"A great fun 90s style house album in 2014! A 9 only because some of the end of song skits get annoying. Other than that a great house album and perhaps the best album of its kind we will see for a long time.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2014"
9,"This debut effort from SOHN shows a wealth of promise, as well as solidifies his status as one of the best singer/producers to come out in the last couple of years. Sure, his sound is deeply indebted to those of The Weeknd and James Blake, but his permutation of contemporary pop and moody electronica is a winning one. Songs like 'Ransom Notes' and 'Lessons' carry with them a deep emotional weight that other electronic singer-songwriters have failed to capture in the last couple of years. Here's the thick and thin of it: 'Tremors' is what Kiss Land should have been and what 'Overgrown' would be if it was slightly worse. It's a great album, deserving of your admiration or, at least, your attention.",2,2,"Apr 16, 2014"
6,"Huge expectations for this album based on his previous EPs. Unfortunately I was a bit let down with the tracks I had yet to hear. His sound is too one-dimensional to pull off a full album that way. It's not bad by any means, but the chopped vocals get a bit redundant at points, and a few tracks feel like they have a lot of potential but never grow or expand into anything of substance. Still a nice effort, but he set the bar a little too high for himself with his previous singles.",0,1,"Apr  9, 2014"
8,"Very much worth the listen and a promising debut. Taylor brings a lot to the table here and pulls from a wide array of influences, yet it is hard to pin his sound to one characterization or make a direct comparison. His voice and sense of rhythm are quite unique and enough to carry most of the tracks by themselves, and although Tremors finds itself as a motif of the same elements at times, it presents enough change throughout to keep the record from ever growing stale. At just 40 minutes Tremors will grab the attention of fans of many genres and get them to play it out to the end, especially those with a taste for The Weeknd,  James Blake or Lana Del Rey.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2014"
8,"English electronic musician SOHN may not be instantly making a large name for himself with Tremors. Nonetheless, this impressive debut is delightfully refreshing, comfortably accessible, and irrefutably unique at a time in the year where music isnt really knocking us off our feet. Tremors is brimming with fresh and innovative sounds and compositions, tied together with a consistent aesthetic theme that allows the album to always flow coherently. However, despite possessing many complex and clever arrangements and layers, Tremors doesnt always come across as dynamic as one would hope. SOHN, in his meticulousness regarding energy and atmosphere, casually ignores melody and structure at times, resulting in a very pleasant but easily forgettable experience. So while you may enjoy listening to the album in the car ride home, dont expect to find yourself still moving to the albums rhythm and lip-syncing the lyrics an hour later (save for a couple of standout tracks). In the long run, Tremors never surpasses amazing, but it gets pretty darn close most of the time. I hope to see SOHN producing some exciting hits in the coming years.
FINAL SCORE: 85 (great ----------o---------- almost perfect)",0,0,"May 15, 2014"
10,"Wow. This album just blew me away. Fantastic production and the beats are smart. It has some of the most memorable songs of the year. Well done, Todd!",1,1,"Apr  8, 2014"
10,"I listened to his track released last year (Strandbar - disko), and i really liked it. So i was pretty excited for his debut album, which includes a shorter version of his single.
It's better than i expected it to be. This is one of the most exciting electronic albums in a very long time. I love how varied the styles are. The production is impeccable. I love every minute of it, and will probably be listening to it for a long time.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2014"
9,"Is every track on here perfect? No. There are a few skippers, tracks don't exactly hit the mark at first. However, with all great albums, the tracks that you simply dismissed at first eventually become some of your favorites, or maybe more appreciated once you continue to listen to the album and become more accumulated with the artist or the album as a whole. For lack of a better term, there are some absolute bangers on here. Songs that you can turn on when in a car with friends or just by yourself, crank up to 10, and just have a great time. Those tracks, for me are 'Inspector Norse' 'Strandbar' 'Dolorean Dynamite' and 'Preben goes to Acapulco'. The tracks 'Oh Joy' and 'Alfonso Muskedunder' are also great electronic tracks. The thing with this album is if even if you're not into electronic music you can appreciate and even love some of the tracks on here. These tracks are just fun, simple as that. Great album by Mr. Terje.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2014"
6,"This album is pretty scatterbrained and long winded at times, even underwhelming for the most part, the track Johnny and Mary for example. Despite this, there are some really top notch dance grooves and jams here, and i'm really digging the vintage sort of flare going on. It's an album, to me at least, that has some very high highs, but some pretty low lows.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
9,"If you listen to this album, and don't have a smile on your face by the end, you probably need to be on medication.  While almost childish in nature at points, the album shows a wide variety of complex rhythms and timing.  The sounds selected are unique and fulfilling.  I just saw his set at Coachella weekend 2 and it was a top 5 show of the weekend.  You could tell he wanted to create a real show for his fans, and he knocked it out of the park!!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2015"
10,"Todd Terje has really done a magnificent job with this electronic/nu-disco record out of Olsen Records. All of the songs on the album were done very well, including 'Alfonso Muskedunder', 'Inspector Norse', 'DeLorean Dynamite', and 'Leisure Suit Preben'. Featuring mixtures of synthjazz, jazz fusion, nu-disco, and bossa nova throughout the album, Todd has really re-defined the electronic music genre with this record. I think everyone should take a listen to this great album and see what real music really is. A true masterpiece and a solid 10/10, in my opinion. Well done, Mr. Terje.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2014"
10,"Since I heard Inspector Norse I was deeply in love with the music of Todd Terje!! Unique sound with twists, funny moments and a joyous universe! This music makes me feel so happy!! PREBEN!",0,0,"Apr 11, 2014"
8,"''It's Album Time'' faz uma viagem no tempo e te leva aos anos de ouro da musica com facilidade. Um exemplo disso foi com a atmosfera dos anos 80 de Delorean Dynamite, quem escuta no acredita que  uma musica dos anos 2010. Todd Terje no s trouxe essa viagem no tempo, como tambm mostrou seu talento e criatividade em criar um dos melhores discos eletrnicos do ano at agora.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2014"
8,"My Review of Todd Terje's 'It's Album Time'.
I describe it as 'A Mind-Blowing Experiment in Music for Music's Sake'.
http://osianlewis.blogspot.co.uk/2014/08/todd-terje-its-album-time-mind-blowing.html",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
5,"Her vocals are like a second rate Florence Welch. They have tried really hard to be mature and moody but all the mournful, dreary wailing gets a bit much after a while. Their more upbeat tracks (2 out of 14 tracks on the deluxe album) are by far their most interesting. Cheer the f__ up London Grammar. Life is not that bad!!!?",2,2,"Apr  9, 2014"
7,"The new London Grammar album is anything but derivative which works to its advantages and (somewhat) disadvantages. The entire album is cohesively sombre, dark and beautiful that is almost reminiscent of early Florence + The Machine but only stripped down to the core and the trio couldnt be more deserving of the same success and recognition. The only problem with If You Wait is the absence of a standout track that it would seem to be a hard task to recognize a torch piece for this album as each track tries to play along a common ground that nothing soars above. Quite a misfire for a band that has the potential to garner mainstream limelight. It might not be fully recognized yet but the promise is definitely there if this album is any indication.
Listen to: Strong, Nightcall, Metal & Dust",1,1,"Apr  4, 2014"
9,"It fleshes out true emotion, both dark and melancholic ones. Reid's vocals, even by itself, can sunder a soul apart. There are a few moments that drag and bore once and a while, but this is an excellent debut.",1,2,"Oct 18, 2014"
9,"London grammar deliver an outstandingly mature debut. If You Wait is emotional, uplifting and stunningly beautiful. The use of trippy, light and airy dance beats along with strong, lung-busting vocals creates an album that is pushing music into the future and the cover of Kavinsky's Nightcall is inspired.  If there is any down side to If You Wait, its the ballads on the album, they could be stronger.",1,4,"Sep 10, 2013"
8,"'If You Wait' is undoubtedly beautiful, however it lacks a bit of diversity. Front girl Hannah Reid's impeccable vocals more than make up for it, though. A perfect album for chill autumn evenings but not something that would keep you interested. Overall it's a nice debut.",1,4,"Sep 15, 2013"
8,"The London Grammar  very original group! With original, but at the same time commercial sounding. At Hanna Read possesses the magnificent deep, shrill vocal, not conceding such soul the giant as Adele and Lana Del Ray! For me it is one of the main opening of year! And this album just proved me it! It is very soft, pleasant and attracts with it the listener. They have a big future!",1,4,"Sep 23, 2013"
8,"British trip-hop band London Grammar's debut album If You Wait is great - sporting strong vocals by Hannah Reid and great music design, this album features many fantastic tracks such as Sights, Wasting My Young Years, the smash-hit single Strong, a fantastic cover of Kavinsky memorable hit Nightcall and plenty of other great tracks. Some of the tracks aren't as strong (pun not intended) as others but overall this is a fantastic debut album.",0,3,"Mar 26, 2014"
9,"The past three years have been very great for the UK music scene. This debut album from London Grammar might be the best debut by a UK act this year. The tracks 'Stay Awake' and 'Wasting My Young Years' are really hypnotizing. Though similar sound has been up-and-coming lately, they manage to deliver a sound that is very appealing both musically and lyrically while also being very original. Definitely money well-spent.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2013"
9,"Homogneo, emocional e inspirador. Acho uma mistura da parte instrumentalista de The xx e um pouco vocal de Florence Welch, no  exatamente uma comparao de estilo, mas sim, de qualidade. If You Wait  de longe, um dos melhores lbuns de 2013 e vale a pena cada segundo, cada msica ou cada nota que se ouve.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2014"
8,"A beautiful debut album combining soaring vocals with trip hop beats. Hannah Reid's voice will send shivers down your spine. The album contains a number of 'alt-pop' tracks that could easily rotate on popular radio. Catchy tunes and... Did I mention the vocals!  A truly stunning vocal delivery, Indeed a well crafted album offering a rather novel sound of it's own. Trip hop meets classical meets pop. Go buy it!",0,0,"May  5, 2015"
7,"This isn't a perfect album, but the parts that are good are exceptional. I love the sound they've crafted on this album. It's melodic, hypnotic, dramatic, emotional, and beautiful. And although the production is nice, Hannah Reid's vocal performance is really the standout here. She has a unique and amazing voice that really gives these songs even more depth than the bare compositions provide. Some of the songs drag a bit, but overall London Grammar displays a lot of potential here which makes me anxious for their future releases.
Highlights: Hey Now, Stay Awake, Shyer, Sights",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
10,"With such a short album comes a blast of fresh air in rather stale indie charts. On Awake they prove just what they can do with instrumentation and mixing. Its cohesive and uplifting and likeable. A definite win.",2,2,"Apr  9, 2014"
6,"This will definitely require additional listens, but so far I'm not too impressed. That is to say, I'm not disappointed. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but this sounds like an extension of Dive, not an entirely new LP.
Still worthy of a listen!",0,3,"Mar 18, 2014"
5,"Probably his weakest effort to date. This album really is background music at most. Pleasant at times, but not much beneath the surface really. No real bad tracks here, but none really standout, maybe that's the point, who knows. Apogee is the probably the most unique song here though, followed by L. The production is leveled out to a more professional level, sounding like more of an actual band than one man. Sounds less hazy than its predecessors, but nowhere near as compelling.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
10,"This album is an incredible piece of artwork. From start to finish, Awake captures the listener and takes them on a ride. This record has more acoustic instrumentation than Dive, bringing Tycho closer to previous works in his catalog, like Past is Prologue. The maturation of Tycho as an artist is clear, and this album proves it.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2015"
5,"Nice. Yes. Enjoyable. Yes. Catchy. Sometimes. i guess i cant get through with it, i already heard this before...is like Dive Part 2....and the second parts are not always good.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2014"
2,"If you are looking for a solid debut album playing on Skrillex's previous strengths - run. Run far away from this album. If you are simply looking for something innovative and new, once again you will be disappointed. With a sound like an experiment gone wrong spiced with the flavor of late 90s Fatboy Slim and Moby hits, DJ Accucrack, Enigma and some rapper, Recess fails to make a cohesive statement and fails to deliver something that sounds like it belongs in 2014. Horribly disappointing and only slightly entertaining, especially if you are a fan of Skrillex's previous work. If there is an audience for Recess, I do not know who it would be.",2,2,"Apr  2, 2014"
5,"I'm a pretty big fan of the edm and dubstep scene, and I do enjoy Skrillex. When I listened to the album though, it felt like a weird mesh of reggae and dubstep mixed together. Unfortunately it wasn't that good, There were a couple of songs on here that I liked, but the majority of the album didn't really work for me.",1,1,"Mar 28, 2014"
5,"So bought the album as an impulse buy, but as a rather large Skrillex fan, i feel justified on the critique. First off, the good points. I feel that Skrillex really showcases how talented he is purely as a musician with how varied some of the tracks on the album are. We go from reggae, to dubstep, to deep house (some of the deep house tracks are the best tracks on the album). Everything sounds crisp and mastered well. Things that didn't go so well: The singles just aren't that good or strong. There are some good dubstep tracks, but this is Skrillex we are talking about, and we are used to amazing ethereal songs from this guy. He set the bar incredibly high with his first albums and I just didn't latch on to anything on this album in a large way. Also, the bad songs on the album are really bad. Personally, i cannot wait for the death of an album as it is incredibly hard for a musician to pump out 10 radio worthy tracks, you usually get 2-3 singles that are great and the rest are filler, but some of these tracks I cannot listen to for more than a few seconds without wanting to punch a hole through my car stereo. In conclusion, this is a mediocre album but remember this is Sonny Moore we are talking about, and he is still capable of producing greatness.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2014"
4,"This is more of a compilation than a real album. It's like a showcase of Skrillex's talents as a producer, which aren't that great, but at least he shows that he is not all wub wubs and bass drops on tracks such as Ease My Mind and Fire Away, which surprisingly became my favorite track. It's pretty tongue in cheek as far as guest vocals, and even the harder tracks don't impress as much as fans will expect. I'm Not very impressed, but it might be worth a listen if you're a fan.",1,1,"Oct 10, 2014"
3,"It is a compound of only one music album 'audible' is the worst electronic album I've ever seen. 'Try it Out' saves the album, is only 35, is terrible for a person who has written previous successes ... I wonder ... Where's Skrillex of old? Whoever does not put **** without in each song ...",1,1,"Jul 29, 2015"
1,"I used to enjoy the creativity of Skrillex's sound. Unfortunately, last summer, I went to a music festival and was sorely disappointed with his performance. To go into further details, his bizarre requests for the audience to 'sit on your ass!' on the muddy ground was too much. He then protested to stop playing more music if the crowd did not comply with his odd plead. Maybe he was trying to create a cool gimmick that would make the experience more enjoyable, but when you treat your audience like crap and act like a dictator, you lose fans very quickly.
Other than my newfound, passionate hate for Skrillex's personality, I gave his music a chance. Even if an artist is displeasing, their music may still be worthwhile. This possibility is not the case for the shaved-head rat of a man. With hollow beats and bass drops that sound all too familiar from previous releases, there is nothing left for Skrillex. His career should have ended after Bangarang.
One of the first mistakes he made was introducing a plethora of guest stars onto several tracks. Not only does the use of faux-rappers dampen the mood, but it defeats the whole purpose of dubstep. There are no lyrics in a dubstep track. One of the pioneers of this sound went against his own rules and created a monster. With no tracks that grab your attention for more than a minute, Recess is a sorry excuse for a debut album.
A shallow, self-centered personality emerges within the tasteless tracks, taking away 50 minutes of someone's life. Not only are the tracks repetitive and unoriginal, they pierce the ears with electronic screeches. That seems like the icing on the cake.
Well, you know what they say: 'The bigger they are, the harder they fall'.",6,8,"Mar 21, 2014"
7,"Mildly disappointing but still good overall. The defining sound that he had from Scary Monsters and More Monsters is almost completely gone now and he's pretty much turned into your basic dubstep artists with one key difference; He knows how to give electronic music life. 'All is Fair in Love and Brostep' is a good opening track with strong vocal synthesis, an acceptable electronic riff and that **** of sound we all have come to expect from Skrillex. 'Recess' is probably my favorite track and the prime example of how (as I mentioned earlier) he gives his music life via applause samples, happy and distorted computer like vocals and distant laser synths with amazing production value. 'Stranger' is a lot different from anything we've heard from him before with a main synth that might drive some people mad. I enjoyed it, but nobody else in the house did. 'Try it Out' is the song we've all heard before, but nonetheless it is enjoyable. I can't think of any individual strong points but as a whole it sounds great. And now here we get to (what I consider) the **** part of the album; 'Coast is Clear' and 'Dirty Vibe'. Instrumentally both are fine, but each has godawful vocals. Dirty Vibe isn't really my thing but I actually enjoyed it before the **** rap element came in. The animosity I feel for this is the same I feel for Sirah. 'Ragga Bomb' is a nice track with a good synth, nothing amazing but perfectly listenable and enjoyable. 'Doompy Poomp' is very different and actually reminds me of Caravan Palace quite a bit, and seeing as Caravan Palace is one of my favorite bands I of course enjoyed it. **** That' as a whole is average at best, the drop being simplistic. 'Ease My Mind' is probably the best song on the album with an amazing Middle Eastern themed drop and nice vocals (even though they're sampled but whatever). Fire Away is the most tame track on the album but it's nice anyway. A solid 7/10.",1,2,"Mar 23, 2014"
8,"For a while now, we've gotten use to the usual sound from Skrillex, big beat drops, bass, noises, and anything to get the body shaking, although fun is starting to get repetitive as it crosses over to the Pop and Hip-Hop world, and thankfully Recess is a refreshing blast of new sound, with risky moves that are brilliantly pulled off here, making Skrillex's debut more memorable than most EDM debuts. Reviews for the album have been extremely harsh, mostly because fans of Skrillex are too used to the sound they want to expect from him, I appreciate the crossovers being employed here, with 'Coast is Clear' being the standout for having a clever mix of smooth Jazz, R&B, and Electronica, though the only drawback is 'Dirty Vibe' which features master producer Diplo, the first half drew me in but I was taken out due to the Nicki Minaj and Kendrick Lamar rip offs being used. Even though Skrillex experiments with some new sounds he still delivers the goods when it comes to what fans want, 'All is Fair in Love and Brostep' and 'Recess' are excellent dub step tracks and the hit single 'Try it Out (Neon Mix)' remains the best track on here. At only Eleven songs, it still flows at a good pace of about around 40 to 50 minutes. Other problems here are the repetitive final few songs, where it seems to be trying to find a way to conclude this album, but it seems Skrillex is just throwing in material to keep us afloat with the album, which made for a slightly rocky final. Overall I very much enjoyed Recess by Skrillex, aside from a few drawbacks it ends up being a great debut release and makes me even more interested in EDM music changing for the future, but in the end, this will divide up listeners greatly, hopefully you know which side to join for this battle.",1,2,"Mar 21, 2014"
10,"Sonny Moore's best work to date. Each song tastefully reinvents the way electronic music is handled, as we're finally hearing more progressive and elongated explorations blending multiple genres such as Jazz, R&B, World/Ethnic into Dum'n'Bass, Dancehall, and of course, Dubstep. To be completely honest, no other producer could viably release an album as introspective as this into the mainstream, let alone drop it on the dance floor. Skrillex has proven himself an artisteasily 2014's answer to Pet Sounds or Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.",1,2,"Dec 12, 2014"
8,"In this album Skrillex went with more of what I would call house music.  I'm not a dj nor do I make music so I do not know how hard or skillful one must be to make the beats and sounds that Skrillex produced in this album.  What I do know is that I am hooked on this album.  I have listened to it many times already and it still gets regular rotation on my current playlists.
It is less traditional dubstep sounds that Skrillex is known for.  It reminds me of the house music I used to listen to back in the 90's.  Oh well I enjoy and appreciate it.",1,3,"Mar 23, 2014"
3,"I've never particularly bought into the hype of Skrillex. When he burst onto the scene a few years back, I tried a few of his songs out because it was the 'cool' thing to do. Since then, I've began producing music myself and as a result I have a lot of fun looking around soundcloud for great, unique artists. There are hundreds, if not thousands of artists that are worlds better than Skrillex and his most recent batch of crap, Recess. If you like dub, check out 'Another One' by Louis the Child. Some of his smoother stuff? Try out some of the Chainsmokers tunes. This a boring, repetitive album that, coupled with his weird personality, really just contribute to the fact that his style of 'music' is a dying breed. Look elsewhere.",1,5,"Mar 21, 2014"
8,"This is a good Skrillex album, most of the songs are great, but some of them are just bad songs, i know than the Skrillex talent can get him to the top.",0,1,"Nov 25, 2014"
6,"Recess isn't the stereotypical Skrillex album we all probably expected.  Instead, it drops in flavors of club hip-hop, reggae, dubstep, and drum & bass to create a much more eclectic offering.  The result is mostly good, but where the Bangarang EP succeeded more was in the hooks that netted Skrillex serious radio play.  'Stranger' is a tight hodge-podge of the aforementioned genres.  Kill The Noise and Fatman Scoop make the title track perhaps the most Skrillex-like cut on the record and serves as one of the highlights.  You'll also find the Alvin Risk collab 'Try It Out', originally featured in Call of Duty: Black Ops 2, remixed to mostly good results.  The rest of the album does little to really stand out, but there may be a track or two that stand out to one person than the other.  I think the only disappointment is that I expected a bit more from a full-length album.  Still, I wouldn't consider myself disappointed but rather a bit underwhelmed with the finished product.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2014"
7,"This album has been getting heavily criticized for being average at best but I disagree his new album his a change for the artist known for having a retarted  fan base of call of duty junkies and collage bros but his new studio album is nothing like his previous album bangarang that came out nearly three years ago. Most of the tracks here still keep the same energetic fast paced beats of his previous songs but with a new more mature approach of not just sticking to one genre and mixing it up a bit for a change and while not all of the songs work I do think most of them are catchy and enjoyable and its a fresh slate for skrillex to experiment.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2014"
5,"For an anticipated album, Recess feels underwhelming. Terrible? It depends, if you weren't already converted into the dubstep (ahem, 'brostep') craze when it first crossed into the mainstream music industry in the states back in 2011, you'll likely stay unimpressed. However, is it terrific? That also depends.
But what's clear is Skrillex's experimentation with more 'artsy' drops, in favor of some Prodigy-esque elements over the monster noises in his previous multi-Platinum EPs. Unfortunately, Recess fails at reviving the already tried-and-dried genre or even becoming a staple in that genre's discography. In fact, I hate to sound ignorant, but it seriously does all come together as noise. Even with the album's unconventional use of reggae fusion -- which is where dub actually came from, but it's never been this apparent -- and many, many more genres, everything's predictable. The buzzing beats often never go anywhere and even when they are worth a listen with your Beats once or twice, they're repetitively abused throughout the duration of the track.
'Stranger' incorporates a chill Disclosure influenced atmosphere, crafted by an -- as aforementioned -- Prodigy-esque opening and Alvin Risk's soothing vocals. Unfortunately, once the mosquito farts start repeating themselves OVER and OVER and OVER again, you'll ask yourself: 'Who the f*** recorded an insect being sexually abused and screaming and said, 'This'll be perfect?!'?' Let's not even get to the overuse of vocal sampling overheard throughout the entire album. The guest appearance range from mixed-to-positive: Chance the Rapper channels his inner crossover between Robert Johnson and well, every rapper from the 21th century. That may or may not be a compliment. And the Ragga Twins certainly help deliver that more reggae style sound Skrillex is attempting to create.
Overall, Recess sounds like an unfinished problem intended to sound more ambitious than it actually was to begin with. It's as scattered as Kanye West's 2013 Yeezus, without the Yeezus (his collaboration with Diplo on 'Dirty Vibe' is basically Ye's 'I'm In It', from the vocal manipulation down to its dirty subject matter). When a song's just getting good, your ears are instead molested by buggy bleeps, bloops, blurps, and whatever term sounds the most unpleasant in your own head. If you're seeking something that'll tear up your surround sound speakers (and your own eardrums, to be honest), Recess might be for you. For the rest of us, we'll continue revisiting Bangarang or the much, much better representations of this genre by other underlooked artists.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2014"
10,"Skrillex does it again. He offers us a dose of heavy brostep with all is fair in love and brostep and try it out, unique drops at ease my mind, ragga bomb, **** that, and recess and some more relaxing songs like fire away and stranger. A very good album. My favourite is all is fair in love and brostep.",0,0,"May 11, 2014"
9,"In Loefah's remix of The Bug and Flowdan's, 'Jah War,' released on Ninja Tune in 2007, the best elements of dubstep and grime were on display in the forefront: low-end pressure subs, chest-cavity pounding kicks, skittering hi-hats, and of course, bars of pure fire maneuvering through it all from Flowdan. That essence of UK bass music seemed short-lived the years following. Brostep, the usurper of so many good things in dubstep, took off, techno invaded the hard-drives of the UK underground, and the fate of low-pressure, airless tracks looked bleak.
Artists like Wen, however, would not go unnoticed, thanks to underground labels like Keysound. The resurgence of jungle- and dubstep-influenced producers like Logos, Parris, and Wen signals the new life found in the sound of dubstep originators. Tempa, Tectonic, and Keysound maintained the pressure, giving new artists space to innovate sounds and aesthetics that have not yet been exhausted.
Tracks like Vampin', You Know, and Signal employ vocal snippets that tease out underground traditions into something totally new. Next-level production techniques and a clean sound provide plenty of interest for audiophiles and maintain plenty of space for the sub bass to establish the foundation and groove of each track.
Galactic utilizes futuristic sound design techniques that call artists like M.E.S.H. or Logos to mind, while still maintaining hooks and melodies that keep the track grounded to urban themes. Lunar makes use of a garage/2-step beat syncopated nicely over low-end vibes, crystal clear bell-like sounds, and deep, soulful pads.
A powerful statement on the power of the aesthetics established in the mid-2000s, Wen's, 'Signals' sets a new standard for bass music and its producers.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2016"
7,"This was a slightly disappointing follow-up to the incredible 'English Riviera' as Metronomy's sound moves even more low-fi than in previous efforts. Download: Love Letters, I'm Aquarius, Reservoir.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
8,"personally, at the start of the album, I was worrying slightly as to whether I would like this or not, fortunately however, the further through this album you get, the more enjoyable it happens to become. Metronomy seem to have taken a lot more of an experimental and poppier route, If not a more hard and what may be for some fans, a less rewarding listen. Personally however, I believe this is the sound of a band going good.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2014"
8,"Some might consider it a step back, but I really ended up loving their simplicity approached by reducing instrumentation (just listen to the drum-loop on 'the upsetter' - repetitive but quite fitting in order to create the right mood). Though the LP appears pretty monotonous at first glimpse, theres a lot more to discover, if you dare digging deeper. My recommendation is to focus on the songwriting instead of the 'this-song-just-sounds-like-the-one-before-feeling'. Each track suddenly unveils as being rewarding, I swear.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2014"
7,"Delightful and at times intricate pop makes this album far more alluring than previous Metronomy albums. 'Love Letters' is the most obvious radio friendly number and indeed the best best track on the album, however, the album is littered with quality and refrained dynamics that provide high end listening. An original, delicate album that has considerable substance.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2015"
10,"Amazing album that mix some influences like Pop, Alternative, Synthpop, Indie Pop and the 80's. probably one of the most innovator and cohesives of the last years. No Mythologies to Follow's a screen of freedom in this world of the same. A breath of originality using these references without being tiring or equal the other.
The tracks to be heard more carefully are Fire Rides, Red in the Grey, Walk this Way, Dust Is Gone and Slow Love.",1,1,"Apr  3, 2014"
7,"O ano de 2014 est se aproximando da sua metade e at agora no tnhamos nenhum debut de um artista que fosse realmente bom. At agora, pois essa posio est sendo preenchida pela dinamarquesa M (se pronuncia, mais ou menos, como m) e seu surpreendente No Mythologies To Follow.
Muito pouco conhecida do grande pblico, M j est chamando a ateno da impressa especializada ganhando status de grande promessa do pop. No  para menos, pois o trabalho que ela mostra em No seu primeiro trabalho No Mythologies To Follow  slido, edificante e, dentro do possvel, bastante original. Uma das caractersticas mais interessante da jovem de 25 anos  que, apesar de estar em fase de amadurecimento, as semelhanas com outras vozes de cantoras no atrapalha, mas faz com que M se mostre uma cantora verstil. Lembrando em certos momentos a Debbie Harry (vocalista do Blondie), em outros tendo com o mesmo tom peculiar da Paloma Faith e alguns momentos com a mesma pegada da Lana Del Rey, M consegue se sobressair devido ao seu empenho de fazer algo realmente diferente e pessoal o resulta em interpretaes ousadas e inspiradas. Claro, falta mais experincia no vai fazer mal nenhum, mas pelo que ouvimos aqui a cantora ainda vai encontrar ainda mais o seu caminho. Os mesmos elogios podem ser feitos para a produo refinada de No Mythologies To Follow. Buscando uma sonoridade indie, mas que no perde o foco de ser pop sem cair em armadilhas de se transformar em comercial demais ou alternativo demais. Sombrio, mas sexy. Divertido, mas bem orquestrado. Danante, mas no farofento. No Mythologies To Follow deve agradar quem os fs menos xiitas das duas vertentes do pop. Mesmo permeado de boas composies falando, basicamente, de amor de maneira inteligente e refinada, M ainda precisa de mais urgncia em suas composies. Algo que faa que suas msicas sejam ouvidas de maneira ainda mais critica. O tempo dar o que falta para ela fazer isso. Apontar uma ou mais faixas como as melhores  difcil, pois todo o lbum tem a mesma qualidade. Eu posso apontar as que eu mais gostei: Red In The Grey, Pilgrim, Walk This Way e Slow Love. De longe, No Mythologies To Follow  o melhor lbum de um artista novo at agora de 2014 e M a melhor artista nova. E devem se manter assim por um longo tempo.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
6,"Very disappointing. Just cute Scandi-pop with a high-voiced female singer with a bit of an accent. I might have loved this when I was 15, but it just doesn't do it for me. Still, she is interesting and has a lot of potential, so I won't write her off completely.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
6,"Its a somewhat  solid debut LP for the most part. Some amazing hooks, great singing and fantastic production. But still, i feel somewhat underwhelmed for the most part.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
8,"Since I've heard some of her unusual and originally cool videos on her Youtube page, I've been looking forward to hearing the extent of the album Karen would offer. I have to say that I'm not disappointed at all, but I have to also say that I was expecting a bit more. Yeah, some tracks are beyond amazing and work so well, but the union and solidity that an album should have as a whole is someway is lacking. Anyway, an artist of these dimensions and flexibility couldn't be left aside or underrated. It's a great work that's definitely worth a try.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2014"
10,"A dinamarquesa M percorreu um singelo caminho que a uma primeira vista no parece ser to slido, mas se mostra totalmente coerente com esse LP. 'No Mythologies To Follow'  uma perfeita festa solta sem um tema definido que funciona em total sintonia. Faixas como 'Fire Rides' e 'The Sea' demonstram um certo poder, sendo a composio frentica e viciante.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2015"
10,"Primeiro e especial lbum da dinamarquesa impressiona, apresenta um sonoridade nica, fora que M dispe de talento tanto que todos os vocais impressionantemente foram gravados apenas em seu quarto, acho que no houve um debut to bom em 2014 quanto dela, mesmo no tendo um reconhecimento expressivo no cenrio mundial. Faixas incrveis.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2015"
9,"It has the originality that a debut album needs. No Mythologies to Follow shows why M is unique, her voice and compositions are excellent, all tracks were really well produced, except for Walk this Way, despite being a good song. Anyway, this is a very expressive and original album, and it deserves a good rating.
Best tracks: Never Wanna Know, Pilgrim, XXX 88, Glass.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2015"
9,"This album is amazing and I love her unique catchy music style. My favorites from here are NMTF, Walk this way, Don't Wanna Dance, Pilgrim. I can't wait for her new album! Well done Karen.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2015"
8,"Tensnakes debut album Glow is a diamond in the rough of electronic dance music. Although his technique and thought process mature and transforms as the album progresses, Glow consistently delivers; its music both your body and spirit can shake to. Some of the sounds and beats have a hard time sticking their landings, and some tracks may have unclear directions, but the ultimate result is quietly exhilarating. The album feels greater than its individual tracks, an exceptionally difficult feat to achieve in the electronic dance genre. By the time you hit Last Song, you feel like a changed man, as if the album imparted some ancient dance floor wisdom on you. Like a home cooked meal, Glow doesnt add flourishes or pretend to be high art; it simply provides with its entertainment factor set on high and its heart on its sleeve. Simply put, Glow is a humble beauty. Tracks like See Right Through, 58Bpm, and Pressure are worth a listen even if you arent an EDM or nu-disco aficionado.
FINAL SCORE: 77.5 (pretty good ---------------o----- great)",0,0,"Mar 12, 2014"
8,"An incredible debut album, by pop star Foxes. Foxes is best known for her song with Zedd - Clarity. This album is one of the stand out album of the 2014 year. The album has some great tracks such as Youth, Holding On To Heaven, Glorious, and In Her Arms. Every track on this album has a great beat to it, even the ones such as Clarity. The producers did a great job with every track.
The songs are written with pretty deep and catchy lyrics like 'She wants to hold you in her arms 'She wants to tear you away from my heart.' This is one of my favorite track and song on the album. Not only do it sounds good but I like the all the lyrics to it. I found myself singing the lyrics to the song randomly a few times.
Another song with great lyrics is Let Go For Tonight - Let go for tonight baby 'Let love in your life and be shown (turn off the lights) Let go for tonight baby, who needs sleep tonight? I need to let go, let go' another catchy song with lyrics that have me singing along.
Even though this album is great, I did wanted more from Foxes. I prefer Clarity with Zedd instead of the one the album has. Other songs that I did not like as much was 'Night Glo,' and 'Shaking Heads.' The songs doesn't fit the album , and should've been more upbeat but still it sounds great.
With tracks that sounds great and songs with good song lyrics, this is the album to get. An overall great pop album.",2,2,"May 16, 2014"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
10,"Amazing debut album! My favorite tracks - Let go for tonight, Glorious, White Coats and Night owls erly birds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Jun  5, 2014"
10,"The best album of 2014.    Foxes is talented, her voice is wonderful. Outstanding tracks: Glorious, Count the Saints, Night Owls Early Birds.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
8,"With several great standouts and some regular tracks, at the end this album works really well as a whole, although there are not epic peaks at any time. A fresh and solid debut that stands for humanity and the very possible ups and downs that -as well as it- life itself can have.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2014"
7,"Nj rekord t mahnitshme elektronik pop tregon Allen ka potencialin t jet nj qndrim t vetm artist pr shum vite . Songwriting tregon nj t but t vogl q tregon Allen mund t ket nevoj pr m shum ndihm . Nga ana tjetr , prodhimi i kalon si nj rekord interesante me momentet e veta . Me vokal Allen , kjo leht mund t jet nj nga t dhnat m t mira EDM q sht e re dhe t freskt , ndrsa gjithashtu duke u shikuara nga e zakonshmja .
7/10",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
10,"A great album with great musics, and fantastic compositions. She is an artist that will amaze everyone, at least I hope so. Waiting for the next album.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2014"
10,"Let Go For Tonight, Holding Onto Heaven, Youth, Talking To Ghosts, Count The Saints, among others. There is not one bad on Foxes' debut album Glorious. 10/10",0,0,"Aug 13, 2014"
7,"Foxes sounds like a cross between Ellie Goulding and Florence + the Machine. This music is dark, lush, and cinematic, with lots of percussion and pretty sick beats. Overall, Glorious is a pretty consistent album. I would say there are probably 6 really good songs, and the rest are at least decent. My absolute favorites though would have to be Talking to Ghosts, White Coats, and Let Go For Tonight (I haven't played songs over and over like that it a long time). This is a pretty strong debut, although I feel like Foxes has the potential for even better stuff.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"Wow I've listened to virtually nothing else for 3 weeks absolutely love it. Amazing talent as good live as in the studio. The album of 2014.
There really isn't a bad track the songs love them all.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"I heard 'Youth' and I wasn't so sure about her as an artist. But then she released 'Let Go For Tonight' and 'Holding Onto Heaven' and I was sold. The album is amazing! I love her style of Pop music and I can't wait for her future releases.
Key tracks for me are Talking To Ghosts, Night Owls Early Birds, Glorious and Beauty Queen",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
8,"Amazing debut album. Foxes shows here a very disdtinguished lyrics still with a pop catchy vibe to it. And the production was very well done, since even though it was released in the same year as another alternative releases it sounds freshy and 'new' in some sense.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
9,"How the hell is this boring Q Magazine? This album is melodrama perfection. Other than 2 mediocre tracks, this album is awesome. Foxes hits the sweet spot so many times here. Her voice is simply incredible in the way it is able to convey so much emotion.
Favs: Youth, Count the Saints, Let Go for Tonight, Holding onto Heaven, Night Owls Early Birds
Least Favs: Shaking Heads, White Coats",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
9,"Expectations are only a burden if you allow them to be. When I initially listened to 'Hidden' in 2010, I was immediately hypnotized by 'Time-Xone'. I was unsure of what I was hearing, which made it enticing. Of course, all of the hype was instigating my curiosity. I wish I would have discovered Hidden unexpectedly. I was astonished by the music, the meaning of the lyrics came later. 'Hidden' blew my mind. It was the music I dreamed of creating. My anticipation for 'Field of Reeds' has been unbearable, but I can honestly say that TNP have constructed something that I cannot even begin to understand.
I Listened to the album for the first time last night. Start to finish, on a high-quality tube amp sound system.
My heart raced, my eyes watered, and my mind quenched for more when it was through. Every song has a deep purpose. There are subtle similarities found within each track that references the others which leads me to believe that there is a possibility of syncing tracks simultaneously. The explanation of the lyrics will come later when the Vinyl is delivered to my house. I have difficulty hearing some of the lyrics, I will need the lyrics that come with the Vinyl to help me follow along track by track. With 'Hidden', each layer of lyrics unveiled itself at a very lethargic pace. While the music was furious, and eccentric, the lyrics were a mere whisper. Truth is, the lyrics are the most pro-founding aspect of 'Hidden'.  There were no wasted words, and every phrase down to the syllable count vicariously echoed the meaning of the songs. I was floored by the level of Genius.
'Field of Reeds' is eloquent, patient, and transcending. 'there is something there' The flow of the songs free falls from your brain to your spine. You can feel the music. Body trembling bass notes, unique time signatures, and chill tingling trumpets fill your head, until the album ends and you are left, confused, baffled even. I would recommend this album to none, for discovery of a gem is much more satisfying than another's opinion leading you to it.
I have now listened to 'Field of Reeds' two times through. I have noticed that when the album finishes its course, the faint piano of 'The Way I Do' begins to play in my head, almost as if it is beckoning me to listen again. While I can understand that few people have probably experienced this same revelation, the music on this album sticks with you. The quality of this music, is found in the person behind it.",1,1,"Jun 11, 2013"
9,"It's a staggeringly fearless record, one that follows only its own dream logic and dares you to keep up. It really is a field of reeds, and getting lost in it is a disorienting but strangely serene experience.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2013"
10,"I have enjoyed this album as much as it is possible to enjoy an album.  With every listen it gets better, I don't know how they do it, but it's incredible. So F**king moving, but also so f**king confounding  This should not be, but it is. 10/10",1,3,"Jun 11, 2013"
9,"It took me awhile to get into the mood of this album. At first, it sounded all the same, and then I began to notice the different subtlety's in the musical tones - some quiet, some louder - and I liked it. (I made my first assessment of this album on what I heard on iTunes, but I realized you can't make a decision on iTunes sampling. There is so much more when I heard the whole thing.) This is an accomplished record. A step up from what this band has been progressing towards over the last 6 years. These New Puritans do so many understated yet wonderful things on this one. It's hard for me to describe. What will they come up with next?",0,0,"Mar 20, 2014"
7,"Field of Reeds is one of the more unusual and inventive records of the year. While These New Puritans have very much crafted their own style and sound, Field of Reeds often brings to mind a cross between Sigur Ros and latter day Radiohead. This is a very intricate record with a sinister undertone that sucks you in and leaves you slightly disconcerted but always looking for more. Its an album that requires repeated listening in order to get a proper taste of it and I've enjoyed more and more with each listen. On the negative, I do feel the album never really lifts off and several of the tracks, despite being quite good, outstay their welcome as they never really progress into anything. An interesting and enjoyable listen that could have been even better.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Britain's best band  One of the worlds most interesting bands .One of the greatest albums of the decade so far .
The title track closer is my favourite part of the whole thing.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2013"
10,"Unapologetically high-minded and serious this album isn't populist, you won't be hearing any Field of Reeds ringtones or guest appearances on Britains Got Talent anytime soon, it's a channel where the glamour and clamour of pop music is barred and instead you can hear the music flow and grow, this is the hidden sound of contemporary England.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
7,"Field of Reeds is a great album.
It has orchestral arrangements, strange unique melodies and a well done mix. It also has the useless voice of the singer of the band, often ruining the songs (in their previous record the spoken vocals were appropriate and great for it).
The album tend to be boring, and too difficult to listen to from start to finish, but in the end it's not a bad record and it has moments of pure bliss.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
9,"This is NOT TRST 2.0.  It is more complex and smoother than the debut album.  Joyland takes a few listens to take in the new, refined Trust sound.  The extra time spent on Joyland is worth every second, as the reward is truly magical.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2014"
7,"The best thing about this record is its large array of different sounds. From indie electronica that is similar to their past records. Indie pop, with big catchy choruses and great hooks. There's even an almost shoe-gaze sounding track on here. The big question is, how does it fit all together? With this album, the job is done pretty well, but not perfectly. It's rather consistent all the way through, with no blaring low points, and it flows rather well. Nothing here really was outstanding, but it was enjoyable and well done for the most part.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2014"
10,"Pretty much the best comeback of the year with stunning tracks like 'Blank Project' ' Cynical' 'Dossier' and '422' anyway the whole album is perfection. Best album of 2014. Hands down!",0,1,"Apr  8, 2014"
5,"There's like 2 or 3 good tracks here, but they're not enough to make this album remarkable in any way. These tracks are: Naked, Spit Three Times, and 422.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2014"
5,"This is possibly the most polarizing album i've ever listened to. Absolutely great at some parts, but totally fails in others. I also can't help but feel this is a bit of a Shaking the Habitual ripoff.",2,2,"Apr 23, 2014"
7,"This sounds like the kind of message that pop music has come to embrace. But rather than deliver that message in an instantly metabolized treacle-pop ballad or an arena-ready club anthem, Rostron's music demands that you confront what abandoning deeply-entrenched ways of thinking about gender and desire would actually feel likeit doesn't sound too comfortable, and it shouldn't.",1,2,"Feb 23, 2014"
6,"Though I firmly admire Planningtorock's message throughout the album, and I got stuck and subsumed in her curious music, I cannot avoid noticing that she lacks development and depth in her lyrics and melodies. It's a valuable effort, but it has several flaws.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2015"
0,"A mund ne vetm t gjith pajtohemi se kjo nuk sht muzik ? Sure, ajo mund t duken t mira n letr , porekzekutimi ishte vetm tmerrshme . Ajo disi do t qndroj i fort duke u prpjekur t jet unike apo dika n at fush . Ju lutem Janine Rostron kthehemi n faz prgatitore dhe t prpiqet t bj muzik tolerueshme .
0/10",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
10,"An album that not only questions conventions in humanity, but also raises questions about music. It takes awhile for your brain to sync with Planningtorock's, but it is worth the effort.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2015"
4,"I like Com Truise and their extremely specific sound, but with this EP it's starting to feel like enough is enough with the same, repetitive glitchy synths. There's a couple decent songs on here, but I've gotten to a point listening to them where their tracks are all too similar sounding. It's time for them to move on to new sounds and new textures. Granted I've never found any of their albums to be complete works, it seems like each new album they're coming out with isn't expanding or evolving off their old sound. More like they are just complacent making the same stuff that got them noticed in the first place.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2014"
8,"Wave 1 has a much different feel to it compared to Com Truise's older albums and EPs in a good way. I just hate the fact that it's so short. There are a few recycled parts here and there from his older songs but that doesn't matter. It's enjoyable, and it has a great feel to it. I just hope the next EP/album will be longer.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2014"
7,"http://bit.ly/1eAMw18 This is a great debut album that could easily have been better but still hits the mark just fine. With the Deftones on hiatus I will happily listen to any music Crosses release.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2014"
9,"This album deserves between eight and nine,I'd love to give it a solid nine,but there are a bit too many fillers (Though what's a filler for me may be a great track for someone else). Anyways, this is,in my opinion, best album release since Moby's Innocents.
Also, if you haven't heard it already, you simply must check out Frontiers and Bermuda Locket, for me easily the best from this album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2014"
6,"Crosses' debut LP is a nicely honed record. Good vocals and harmonies, and elements of industrial rock music here. I found it some what similar to early Nine Inch Nails and obviously Deftones in a way. Overall it's decent, but not incredibly worthwhile or meaningful.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
10,"Definitely a welcome addition to Chino Moreno's perfect discography. It's electric, ominous, and even funky at points - one of the top albums of 2014.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"im a massive deftones fan and i have listen to this album around ten times now and im in love with it, what crosses is really to me is just all the slow songs you hear on a deftones album add a little pop and electronic to it  and you have crosses and i love it",0,0,"May 20, 2014"
9,"Definitely one of the best releases of the year, a great alternative record, both Chino and Shaun showing off a more chilled and artistic style we all know they had within them, id love to hear more crosses soon",0,0,"Dec 10, 2014"
10,"**** YEAH. These are awesome jams made in one compilation. Definitely worth getting for those whom like the original beats and dance music of the day.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2014"
5,"Brings a bit more of indie Electronica here than previous record. Some Animal Collective worship here for sure. Overall though, a lot of the songs are way too dense, fruity and colorful and they're pretty basic as well. Produced very well, but the vocals are too fluffy. I do find some of the softer moments nice, but it's just too simple and disguises itself as something more complex on the surface when it's not deep down.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
9,"Xiu Xiu's latest album, Angel Guts: Red Classroom, is an impressively radical shift in direction. While I loved Always, even more so than Dear God I Hate Myself and **** Patrol, it is fascinating to hear the occasionally suicidal Jamie Stewart wrestle with the intrinsic desire to live and love, ever since romanticized notions of death have been shattered by the invasive gesture of a mugging in the dark that left him fearing for his life, and appropriately enraged in the following moments of reflection. An extremely raw and heavy exploration of intangible emotions, implicitly catatonic in juxtaposition to the fast pace layering of droning, hammering beats, pulsing synths, and achingly catchy choruses and crescendos... Angel Guts may be difficult to listen to at first, but its assembly of viciously addicting anthems such as Stupid in the Dark and Black Dick make it quite the memorable experience.",1,1,"Mar 14, 2014"
6,"This is by far their most crazy, freakish and downright bizarre record so far. I really can't help but feel overwhelmed by most of the tracks here, which leaves a bit of a sour taste in my mouth. A handful of the tracks on here are really good though, Stupid in the Dark and Black Dick are good examples. Overall it was pretty good at times, but lightly bad at others.",0,1,"Apr 23, 2014"
10,"Botanica de Los Angeles is the most beautiful song of 2014. Xiu Xiu delivers an incredible album full of fantastic and terrifying music- I'd put it up there as one of their best works.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2015"
7,"Overall, a pretty solid debut release. Elements of punk, shoe-gaze, noise, drone and low-fi all blend here. To be poetic, the album has some real heart and edge to it, albeit a few tracks are lackluster. Particularly the track Unholy Life. Overall though, pretty solid, and a few bands could look up to it in awe.",0,1,"Apr 23, 2014"
9,"A really cool, hard to classify album.  Part ambient, part rock, part metal, part noise, but surprisingly accessible.  The opener, Gugenheim Wax Museum, Defenestration Song, and Music Will Untune the Sky are particular high points.
If you like experimental rock, give it a listen.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2014"
8,"To start off, I like to mention that if youre not mentally stable, or prepared to surrender to this record, dont dig it! When listening to this record, one word came to mind, and that is dark. This record has absolutely no positive energy, little to none major chords and just pure overwhelming soundscapes and sonic highlights. This isnt necessarily a bad thing, given that some of the darker non-grunting records happen to be on my list of favourites.
Have a Nice Life is that band, which after dropping their debut album Deathconsciousness, sort of disappeared to the background with both of the band members focussing more on side and solo projects. The expectations, going into this record werent particularly low though, since all of their associated projects more or less satisfied me, some of them being similar to Have a Nice Lifes work, some not.
To me, Have a Nice Life quite fulfilled these moderate to high expectations for their new record called The Unnatural World. The record, is basically divided in two parts, meaning that there is the more drone-like side of this record with tracks such as Music Will Untune the Sky and Emptiness Will Eat the Witch. Besides that, theres the clearer and more structured side of the record with tracks such as Cropsey and the Unholy Life. I think, Have a Nice Life well managed to form a whole of eight tracks with both of these sides of this record strangled into each other. This also brings me to the disappointing side of this record. Disappointing, meaning that this record is only eight tracks or not even fifty minutes of music, which half of the length of predecessor Deathconsciousness. Although this record has fitting intro- and outro-tracks to me, the record just seems unfinished. With one or two additional tracks, I feel like the duo could have highlighted more sides of their music.
Besides that, I think this record lives up to the expectations. Have a Nice Life produced a record that is one of extremes. Compared to Deathconsciousness, they blended some more experimental compositions with some more straight forward post-rock and sludge metal song writing. The Unnatural World lived up to the expectations, is a long awaited but worthy follow up to their debut, and if youre prepared and ready to devote to this record, It could end high up youre final albums of the year list, a thing that accidentally but certainly happened to me.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2014"
10,"yaaaas finally i've been waiting for this since 62636366 years ago. either way this is an amazing album, we've already started with the right foot on music this year :D",1,3,"Feb  4, 2014"
5,"Your standard middle of the road pop music disguised as club music with uninspiring dance beats. Katy B has a good voice but I didn't feel anything from the music or will remember this for too long.",0,2,"Feb  8, 2014"
8,"Em um mar em que todos os peixes parecem exatamente os mesmos, quando aparece um que quebra a monotonia parece que houve uma revoluo sem precedentes. S que no foi nada disso, pois no final das contar um peixe sempre ser um peixe. O que muda  que esse peixe apareceu no momento certo. Toda essa histria de peixe  apenas para introduzir a resenha do lbum Little Red da britnica Katy B que mesmo no sendo a reinveno da roda  o lbum certo que apareceu na hora certa.
Lanado no comeo do ms, o segundo trabalho de Katy B  um eficiente, adorvel e divertido coleo de canes eletrnicas que consegue se destacar da multido por ser simplesmente diferente dos demais. Comea pelo fato de Katy B ir muito mais alm dos esquemas de composies 'vamos festejar' que , basicamente, 90% dos temas das canes pop/dance/eletrnico de hoje em dia. No que Katy no recorra a esse tema em alguns momentos, mas a intensidade que  depositada nas letras. Katy consegue colocar sentimentos verdadeiros mostrando todas as suas facetas das sombrias e melanclicas at as romnticas e divertidas. H um cuidado elogivel na elaborao lexical e semntico das composies criando imagens bem definidas e refinadas. Dona de uma voz bem delicada, Katy faz o contraste perfeito entre a produo em performances originais dando um toque especial para cada faixa sem usar de efeitos que mascarem sua voz deixando tudo mais natural possvel. A produo fica, praticamente toda, a cargo do desconhecido Geeneus. Little Red tem uma sonoridade bem elaborada que faz com que Katy consiga se diferenciar do resto. O eletrnico  tratado aqui de maneira madura o que d para o CD uma cara mais complexa e artstica em relao ao que se ouve por a, mas o grande problema em Little Red  que faltou uma pimenta para dar um gosto especial. O trabalho, de uma maneira geral  timo, s que no  to marcante como poderia ser devido a sua linearidade j que nenhuma msica 'salta' instantaneamente nos ouvidos. Contudo, para quem tiver o cuidado de ouvir Little Red deve-se apaixonar pelo mesmo, em especial, pelas faixas Crying for No Reason, All My Lovin', Aaliyah com a cantora Jessie Ware e I Like You. Mesmo no sendo o suprassumo do eletrnico, Katy B mostrou que  um peixe para ser observado e admirado.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2014"
8,"Katy B's sophomore album 'Little Red' is quite a treat. Her album has the dance pop stylings of Robyn, but with a voice more like a cross between Paloma Faith and Beyonc and instrumentals more like Disclosure - so it has to be good. However, despite its inherent danceability, 'Little Red' can become tiresome to the ears due to its busy and somewhat shaky production value. At times, it lacks a motive dynamic, maintaining both sonic diversity and monotony at the same time. However, it is sprinkled with enough infectious hits like '5 AM,' 'Crying For No Reason,' and 'Sapphire Blue' to overshadow this shortcoming. Her lyrics and themes neatly compliment her sensually driven but equally confident and independent instrumentals. In short, 'Little Red' is nothing to cause a ruckus in the art community or a standing ovation at the Grammy's, but as a fun dance pop album, it makes an appreciated statement.
FINAL SCORE: 80 (great)",0,0,"Feb 21, 2014"
7,"A more mature album, with the few enjoyable dance anthems.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",0,0,"Feb 21, 2014"
10,"Really an amazing album. Even not being better than her debut album, the dance beat combined to RnB singer voice from Katy is just let me blown away. Next Thing, 5 AM, Crying For No Reason, All My Lovin' and all deluxe edition are my favorites. But as I said, On A Mission is a better album, but this girl has a big future.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2014"
8,"Actress' latest album is intimate and personal. Filled with techno and house instrumentation what is pretty wonderful. But that's not all. IDM, vaporwave and experimental electronica find their way onto here as well. All done in decent fashion. Not a fantastic release, but a pretty solid effort so far this year.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
8,"sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere sexmonkeyseverywhere",0,0,"Jan 31, 2015"
8,"La cortina de niebla invernal de diferentes tonalidades que desprende el 4 lbum de estudio de los californianos Sleepy Sun es toda una bendicin para los amantes del psy-rock de nuestro siglo.
'Maui Tears' (2014) es un certero paisaje de claustrofbica oscuridad, que esculpe con bellsimos caminos sonoros, una obra sublime capaz de cautivar desde el primer hasta el ltimo corte.
El recuerdo que Brett Constantino, vocalista de la banda, evoca de Perry Farrell, lider indiscutible de Jane's Addiction, se hace evidente a medida que nos sumergimos en los 9 cortes que componen el disco.
Pero la verdadera alma de este lbum se encuentra en el aroma aejo que desata el gemido emptico de sus guitarras:
una atmsfera concebida para la ocasin, y que cubre la dcada de los 90 y la actual en un manto comn de rock de innumerables matices. Un gran trabajo.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2014"
7,"Their formula is a decade old but their soul is still all there. Actually, with this record they seem to have gone a little forward in their 1965-1970 time bubble. Its great feat is sounding so impressively sixties; but there are truly beautiful songs on this new record, one for all 'Making Up and Breaking Up'.",1,1,"Jan 20, 2014"
8,"Total Strife Forever is an eclectic electronic amalgamation of music spanning many genres. Electronica, techno, dance, pop, even post rock influences are scattered through this very atmospheric album. Doyle's vocals, though used sparingly, are incredibly effective at delivering emotion. The album begins and ends with completely instrumental, shoegaze influenced electronica, which may be off-putting to some, but these tracks don't lack the emotional authenticity the more accessible tracks are full of. As a whole, Total Strife Forever flows remarkably well, and succeeds in providing interesting, complex electronic music without losing accessibility.
Track Picks: Dripping Down, Hinterland, Heaven How Long, Looking for Someone",3,3,"Jan 17, 2014"
5,"Its nice, interesting, mostly instrumental music. Nothing that really catches my attention though. Not bad, but not good. It might be one of those albums you have to listen to a couple times.",1,1,"Jan 22, 2014"
4,"A mere exercise in electronic producing, this album does not stand up to its critics' score. Neither the instrumental nor the vocal tracks have anything to add to an already immense repertoire of this very same kind of music. Total Strife Forever just feels like it's riding the wave failing to deliver something not only not original, but also not beautiful.",1,4,"Jan 20, 2014"
7,"William Doyle, aka East India Youth, shows a lot of promise on this record, but the tracks themselves seem to meander without purpose. Many people, when talking about East India Youth, evoke names like James Blake or Zomby. But these two artists serve more as representations of what 'Total Strife Forever' lacks moreso than any kind of logical musical predecessor. Both of the aforementioned artists have an eye for brevity, either in song structure or in lyricism. Both know when a loop's looped too much or when a nice synth riff can evolve to something greater. Unfortunately for Doyle, this sense doesn't appear to be present on this album. The best parts of the album, the parts where Doyle opens his mouth, are the shortest, while unevolving synths and drum patterns are allowed to sit for minutes on end unfettered. Songs like 'Hinterland' give their best shots at meaningful trance/synth pop, but ultimately collapse in on their own repetition. If Doyle were to let his tracks breath, or at least comfortably inhabit this grief-stricken world he's evoking, his music would be quite extraordinary. Doyle has the production chops to make something great, but he just hasn't mastered the sequencing/compositional element.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2014"
7,"i guess is has a good half-life period because of its deep structure in some parts its not easy-listening. the sound is quite organic which is a plus too.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2014"
10,"Best album of 2014. Quite needless to say anything more. From experimental pop over ambient to acid techno, this album has everything, and does it right, too.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2015"
