10,"Com melodias menos genricas mas seguindo o que est na moda nos dias de hoje, o Tropical House, e com composies mais trabalhadas, 7/27 demonstra realmente que Fifth Harmony amadureceu de um lbum para o outro, no tirando os mritos do Reflection, porm, 7/27 realmente demonstra a 'cara' das garotas do Fifth Harmony. Destaques: All In My Head (Flex) que tendo Dinah e Lauren como vocais principais trouxe um amadurecimento bastante notrio para a faixa; No Way com Lauren comandando os vocais foi genial, seus vocais mais 'obscuros' trouxeram um intimismo sem tamanho para a msica; Gonna Get Better demonstrou toda a potncia vocal e a emoo que a voz de Ally pode ter e transmitir e I Lied que houve uma sincronia harmnica dos vocais incrivelmente surpreendedora.",16,19,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",10,10,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing! It is definitely complete: every thing is very well structured, from voice to music and lyrics. Most of the songs are up tempo. Composition includes some saxophones in That's My Girl, many dance elements, some pop and r&b and some reggae influences. This album is so catchy but well worked at the same times!",9,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Podemos nos vangloriar de 7/27! Diferente do lbum anterior delas, Reflection, ele no  composto somente por msicas festivas e vocais agitados, mas com msicas mais tranquilas e com vocais mais calmos mas sem deixar as batidas marcantes no fundo de lado, deixando muito difcil no se apaixonar pelo lbum.",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good - this album is so good -",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"It's a really good album, I loved it. I think it's a great 'comeback' after Reflection. Well done, girls. I can't wait to see you perform live in my country :D",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  muito diferente de outras eras musicais delas. Apesar de haver alguns deslizes como a falta de solos para algumas integrantes como Dinah em 'The Life' e Ally em 'I Lied, e tambm um destaque maior para Lauren que lidera grande parte das msicas, o albm segue uma linhagem tecno tropical em grande parte das msicas que pode ser bem adotado por qualquer que no queira generalizar o gnero como pop",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony no t aqui de bricadeira no arrazaram! I Lied, Dope, No Way so destuidoras, e That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex), Not That Kinda Girl so hinos! As outras musicas do album no ficam muito atras no!! Album super coeso e bem produzido, com boa distribuio de solos e otimos vocais!",8,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum  realmente muito bom! Finalmente encontramos algo menos genrico e comum, o lbum apresenta grandes canes com letras e ritmos incomparveis. Claramente podemos ver que as notas usadas com 0 para esse cd no apresentam fundamento e sentido. Um dos melhores lbuns de 2016, perdendo apenas para Beyonc Ariana Grande.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
9,"This album is the definition of growth, which is especially shown in songs like Dope, I Lied, No Way, Gonna Get Better and All In My Head (which are my favourites). All 5 of their voices shine in this album, each member having moments that will leave you speechless (some more than others). The production on this album is also IT, especially on That's My Girl which is such an anthem. Would've given it 10/10 if it wasn't so damn short.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Com um lbum de som muito mais maturo e muito mais a 'cara' do grupo, as meninas do Fifth Harmony simplesmente mostraram que a super produo do disco no foi a toa. Me surpreendi com a qualidade das musicas em relao as da 'era Reflection'. A distribuio de solos foi feita perfeitamente, sem focar em apenas uma integrante e vejo que finalmente conseguiram mostrar o potencial vocal de cada uma nesse lbum.",7,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Pop perfection! The perfect mix of songs to dance to & ballads. That's My Girl is a girl-anthem, and one of the best songs on the album. All In My Head (Flex) has awesome island vibes, definitely one of the best songs of the summer. I Lied & Dope are also AMAZING songs that people can NOT miss. Props to the best girl group of the world as in right now.",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this is what a good album sounds like. They are modern day legends. You can hear thier talent in the music. I am only typing this so I can reach the 150 limit",6,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is by far better than the group's first one, 'Reflection', with a lot of possible hits and really catchy songs. Their vocals are on point and is one of the biggest highlights of '7/27'. Fifth Harmony has shown with this album that they remain for another year as the best and the biggest girl group in the world.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony's sophomore album '7/27' is a monster of a banger. Unlike its predecessor, 'Reflection', '7/27' is a fearless attempt at maturity. It explores themes such as love, heartbreak, and self-actualization. As well as the group's strong point - female empowerment (most notable are the tracks That's My Girl and Not That Kinda Girl, which has legendary Missy Elliott on the track). Fifth Harmony has set themselves apart from their current counterparts by discovering their own unique sound, instead of wallowing in pop purgatory by sticking with sloppy ballads and forming their image according to the 'girl group stereotype'. The album itself is strong when it comes to the hard-hitting uptempo, but also very vulnerable and soft-spoken when it comes to more sensitive topics (No Way, Squeeze, Gonna Get Better). It is difficult to deny that in a patriarchally structured music industry, the empowering Fifth Harmony is breaking the scene.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The best album from one girlband I ever heard. Well crafted beats, lyrics very well composed (thanks, Tinashe, to be here!), and very well distributed soils. It has everything to be one of the best albums of the year.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"This is better than their lastest album, I really liked it. The only thing I didn't like was 'Not That Kinda Girl' sounds exactly like 'Donatella' by Lady Gaga, the rest is OK.
Well done, girls.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
8,"7/27 marcou com primor o amadurecimento do grupo, vocais limpos, batidas viciantes, solos (finalmente) bem divididos, as vozes finalmente esto 'casando'. O grupo est de parabns, That's my girls!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"timo lbum,Com Musicas Muito Boas Como I Lied,Dope,No Way E Squeeze,Alm De That's My Girl,Not That Kinda Girl e Work From Home,Arrasando Cada Vez Mais....Evoluo Perfeita",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"At the outset, what a major step-up from their debut album 'Reflection'!
Like Reflection, 7/27 also talks about empowerment, but it has its vulnerable sides. Like the girls described it is close to what they went through the last year. The glo up in vocals, production, solo distribution, tonality, everything is just amazing! It is like they have included the best picks they had. This album is a perfect combination of upbeat, mid-tempo, and slow ballad. It couldn't be more perfect. They have found their sound and people are genuinely loving it. This labum has given the girls the chance to showcase their vocals that some of them couldnt do in the last album; and boy did they? Answer is yes! All the five girls equally shine and stand out in the songs. There is not one better than the other. These girls have worked hard for this and they deserve all the success. 7/27 is the best pop album to have released in a long time and that too by the biggest girl group in the world right now. I love it.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This band has had amazing growth and it is really shown on this new album. Much better production than their freshman album, it really showcases the members vocals, as well as incorporating a lovely palette a different genres that all blend together in an amazing album. solo distribution makes it possible for every girl to shine through, and there are a couple songs on this album that would be perfect to release during the summer and become the top hits of the year, like That's My Girl, All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, and possible Dope and I Lied. this band is finally getting the recognition they deserve, and this album is the perfect way to become a permanent fixture on mainstream musics radio top hits, and maybe even a household name. Congratulations Fifth Harmony!",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"The album is the perfect mix for a beach trip with friends and a chill afternoon. Really dynamic. I totally enjoy it. An older, matured Fifth Harmony were much more involved in the process of this record, Were HERE for this confident, sassy anthem that encourages women to support and praise one another just like That's my Girl is. The catchy, fun nature of the album is impossible to ignore.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"DEFINITELY lyrically better than Reflection. The lyrics show a more vulnerable side of them and it seems like they weren't afraid to hold back this album! Insanely proud of these girls!",5,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is better better better than reflection and other girl group albums. Scared of happy, work from home, all in my head (flex), gonna get better and squeeze are my favs. All in my head will be summer jam! :)",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is amazing, there's not a song on here I dislike. It's a lot more mature than their debut, Reflection, both vocally and topically. The themes on 7/27 focus more on intimacy and relationships but still has a strong message of female empowerment on songs like That's My Girl.",3,3,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Definitely this is the best 5H has released since Better Together, I fell in love with the new sounds, now motivational songs like 'Gonna Get Better' and romantic like 'Squeeze'",3,3,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Such an upgrade from their first album Reflection. 7/27 has a more mature sound and lyrics. Its also more complete than reflection and they show very skills with their voices. This was such a great job",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
10,"7/27 is a phenomenal album! The girls have really shown how they have grown as not only individuals but as a group also. The album consists of great upbeat songs to sing along to however, it still shows just how empowering this group of girls really are. I think this album has really given each 5H member a chance to show off their vocals and their capability in the music industry. Its clear to see how hard the girls have worked on this album and how proud theyre of the finished product, which really shines through each song. Over all I absolutely love this album especial because of the different genres of music used throughout 7/27, which really gives 5h the chance to show the world they really are the greatest girl group and why theyre are taking the music industry by storm. I honestly couldnt be prouder to call myself a harmonizer!",2,2,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"as bicha  bem e as bicha merece, diferente de outras ai que nao merecem. Patroas eternas de Little Mix, MISTURINHA TAPETE DE  FIFTH HARMONY, RESTA ACEITAR",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
9,"The album itself is amazing in production and vocals. Fifth Harmony has matured in vocals and has made more valuable production than ever. Even though I like their debut album better than their new album, this album makes them more open to the public as a girl group which those types of  groups aren't that common as much as it was in 1990s.",1,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"Great album that shows the groups growth. That's My Girl, Dope, and I lied are real stand outs on the album. Given the quintet had a lot more creative control on this album i feel this is a better representation of who Fifth Harmony are and What message they want to convey.",7,8,"May 27, 2016"
10,"O lbum est maravilhoso! Totalmente diferente de tudo que poderiamos esperar deste grupo. Com melodias dignas e viciantes (no por serem grudentas mas por serem boas e de qualidade) e melodias contagiantes, 7/27 nos mostra um lado diferente e muito bem visto pelo seu pblico.",6,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"INCREDIBLE ALBUM! Many of the songs are potential hits. Reggae, pop, R&b, hip-hop, edm... amazing. It's definitely a step up from reflection. Missy Eliot and Fetty Wap add something to the album.",6,7,"May 28, 2016"
10,"",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Muito bom! Conseguiram se superar, trazem msicas incrveis, arrasando nas melodias e nas letras, super bem produzido, solos bem distribidos, timas colaboraes, tudo maravilhoso! Esse lbum representa melhor cada uma delas e eu estou orgulhosa demais! Valeu todos os centavos que eu investi nele.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I`m really in love with the maturity of this album, Fifth Harmony have grown some much as women and as real artists. Really excited to see what they have to show in this Era.",5,6,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I love it! I love great it represents each girl! It(s a complete record: vocals, good lyrics, ballads, up tempo songs, there's a song for everyone! It shows the group's growth and i couldn't be more happy about it",6,8,"May 27, 2016"
7,"Wasn't a big 5H fan but was desperately waiting for new music from them after the success of Worth It and Work From Home. Out of the 12 songs there are 6 songs which are pretty good due to which i rated this album a 7 otherwise this album has no hopes. All the girls shine through the whole album wait fairly equal parts.
The top songs includes the first 2 singles which are Work from Home and the Fetty Wap featured track Work from Home.  Gonna get Better and Scared of Happy are the best songs on the record where Thats my Girl and Write on Me deserves an honourable mention!! The Missy Elliot collab can be skipped. As far as Grammys are concerned; it is a good contender in the POP VOCAL ALBUM category since it definitely did beat Trainor's THANK YOU album but has better contenders such as Dangerous Woman, This is Acting, Revival and Purpose. But if there is a Grammy category specifically for groups 7/27 and Work from Home both are GOOD contenders!",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"El album es asombroso, simplemente es uno de los mejores que va del 2016. Ya no son las pequeas LYLAS... Orgullo es poco. Por que hace 3 aos estaban emocionadas de que eran #2 en Tunes, y hoy son #1 en mas de 50 pases",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Felizmente, Fifth Harmony vem com um hinario cheio de ritmos no inditos, mas com uma melodia viciante como a de Thats My Girl, Scared Of Happy, entre outros hinos poderosos. Buy on iTunes!!!",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is not like any other one is original and every song have a different style,, that's why I love 5h they have so many styles and mmm *********************lauren go solo*****************",5,7,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely loved it. Girl power all the way through!
I already expected it to be an amazing album, but I was pleasantly surprised.
It was way better than I could have ever imagined.",4,6,"May 28, 2016"
10,"This album is a masterpiece! It shows how much the girls have matured. And that's what we want. The solo distribution is way better and they sound amazing. Scared of happy and No Way are simply perfect. The whole album is. You don't have the need to skip any song, that's how good it is. It's full of bops. I love it. Their best so far. I'm very proud.",3,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Realmente um otimo trabalho do grupo.  7/27 demonstra o amadurecimento delas apos o Reflection principalmente entre a Lauren  e a Dinah com otimos vocais",5,9,"May 27, 2016"
10,"They started this album with a track that perfectly describes who they are as a group. It helps that the song is so damn catchy. It's a massive tune, and I can see it doing really well on the charts and on radio. Another stand out is All In My Head. It has a hook that gets stuck in your head. Very catchy. I Lied is amazing. The production, the vocals, the lyrics. The solo distribution could be better, but it's undeniably good. I think they showed off each of their vocals really well by the end of the album. Solid album.",2,4,"May 28, 2016"
8,"Hay sonidos demasiados gastados, como muy  pop 2010 , reciclado, pero hay letras muy bonitas :) y hay canciones en las que sus voces se lucen, pero sigo de acuerdo con que la distribucin de solos no es justa es un poco molesto eso",1,2,"May 27, 2016"
10,"This album is really good. It's cohesive, the vocals are great, the lyrics are fresh and relatable and the production is amazing.  A big step up from Reflection, considering their focused path in terms of sound this time around. Congrats to these ladies!",1,2,"May 28, 2016"
0,"There's just one song that is regular or good (No way). But the whole album is **** literally because isn't made by them, they did'nt write or produce so bad.",2,5,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Incredible album, it's pop infused with RnB, Island elements and EDM, a modern girl group masterpiece. It's very cohesive, has better lyrics and production than their previous album. It is also a lot more vulnerable. All their voices shine on this album, 'That's My Girl' and 'All In My Head Ft. Fetty Wap' are destined to be future hits after their BB Top 5 with Work from Home. I have to mention the Japanese tracks too though, 1000 Hands and Big Bad Wolf are bangers and should've been included in the deluxe.
It's great to hear the best vocalists Dinah, Ally and Lauren sing more.
No Way, Squeeze and Dope are definitely my favourites other than the ones mentioned above. But the rest of the tracks can't be ignored either, the album in its entirety is amazing.",1,3,"May 30, 2016"
6,"One might say they're manufactured. And with a good reason: they co-wrote only one song of the entire album. However, the vocals are well divided here, even if Camila gets the most solo parts (and that bothers some) and they can go from sassy and audacious to vulnerable and emotional, as well female empowering ambassadors. What really bothers here is that they don't have a defined sound, which is a reflex of their too mixed public. How can a group with 5 vocalists depend on male rappers to increase their mainstream success? For now at least it's working pretty well. But they need to take charge of their own career and define their sound if they want to stay around as a group in the long-run. Write On me, Not That Kinda Girl and That's My Girl are the highlights here.",1,9,"May 27, 2016"
0,"lbum cheio de fillers, nica coisa boa foi a diviso vocal delas que ficou mil vezes melhor que no Reflection. Mas fora isso... Chega num momento do lbum que voc torce pra acabar logo de tanta msica chata. Horrvel!",2,19,"May 27, 2016"
0,"Sounds very rushed. Not much diversity. All of the songs sound the same and end the same except for one, No Way. Not a well put together album. Listen to Dangerous Woman if you want a great album... Too rushed.",1,12,"May 30, 2016"
5,"What did i listen to? Total disappointment and it deserves to flop really badly. Along with Thank You and that Charlie Puth album, 3 of the worst albums of the decade in the same year. Well done manufactured pop stars with no substantial talent. Keep shaking your bum and make money, otherwise you won't do much better than that.",0,2,"May 31, 2016"
10,"A palavra INCRVEL no  suficiente para descrever esse albm, as meninas amadureceram muito musicalmente, de longe muito melhor que o Reflection. Os solos so perfeitamente divididos, cada uma delas mostra seus maravilhosos vocais e as harmonias so timas. O albm foi super ultra bem produzido trazendo ritmos e batidas contagiantes e gostosos de se ouvir e letras maravilhosas! Perfeito!",0,1,"May 29, 2016"
4,"Quem disse que o raio no cai no mesmo lugar duas vezes? No sei em relao ao fenmeno natural, mas em relao ao mundo da msica essa afirmao  bastante falsa. Esse  o caso da girl band Fifth Harmony e o segundo lbum delas, o mediano 7/27.
Depois de conseguirem sair do limbo quase certo com o sucesso surpresa do single Worth It  e, por isso, obterem bons frutos com o lbum de estreia delas, o Fifth Harmony repetiram o mesmo caminho para o lanamento do novo trabalho: 7/27 foi impulsionado pelo sucesso de Work from Home. Alm disso, elas repetem a mesma qualidade questionvel no lbum, apesar de entregar novos erros. 7/27  uma coleo de canes pop clichs que tiram o pouco da personalidade que as jovens mostraram no lbum anterior que puxava para um R&B urbano/pop. Dessa vez, a produo escolheu envernizar a girl band com o mais massificado do pop atual, adicionando eletropop farofa, baladas bregas, a presena nada criativa de rappers e a influncia do hip hop para criar a atmosfera radiofnica de algumas faixas. O pior, na verdade, no so as escolhas dos gneros, mas a maneira preguiosa e massificada de como a produo trabalha nas faixas como Write On Me, I Lied, Scared of Happy e Squeeze. Entretanto, o pior no  a produo de 7/27, mas, sim, as composies pobres e rasas das faixas, apesar de algumas funcionarem no quesito de criar refres grudentos. No que isso ajude a qualidade geral melhorar, pois o nvel  constrangedor. O que salva 7/27 de no ser uma verdadeira bomba atmica  o fato das cinco integrantes mostrarem algum talento vocal com a ajuda de uma produo vocal decente e a presena de alguns faixas interessantes como Not That Kinda Girl com a presena marcante da Missy Elliott, as boas No Way e Big Bad Wolf presentes nas verses especiais e, claro, o single Work from Home. At quando o Fifth Harmony ter a sorte de repetir o mesmo esquema de sucesso? Ou o grupo ir encontrar uma nova maneira de ter sucesso?",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
6,"I'll start by saying that THEY NEED TO LEARN TO GIVE PROPER DESCRIPTION OF THEIR MUSIC! I was anticipating a dc-esque album since few of them described it so however the end product is totally different. Anyway back to the main topic at hand i would say it's a pretty good album for pop enthusiast however contrary to popular belief it's not 'original' infact it lacks identity unlike their last album, which was horiible production & solo distribution wise may i add, but it still has its own singularity. moreover while girls shows off their vocality(normani doing f5 in just freaking chest voice, that ambiguos c5 in ggb, to dinah's intrinsic melisma) its genre still held them back from unleashing their potential to extreme....ps-people are only ignoring this album weak points considering lauren(fanbase fave) leads it and although her voice is worth listening tho this album still didn't do justice to her either.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"What comes with hard work is success, and in this case 5th Harmony's 2nd major LP release has showed the chemistry between each individual artist. Full of bangers, for good times and vibes, 7/27 is surely a commercial and acclaimed album.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
8,"Album full of bops. This album is incredible. It's no longer 'Camila and the others' but now everyone really shines. I like how they play with different sounds. My favorites are 'That's My Girl', 'Write On Me' and 'Squeeze'. My least favorites are 'The Life' and 'Not That Kinda Girl'. The only thing I didn't like about the album was that it was so short. 10 songs isn't a lot for a pop album. You can tell that the album was kind of rushed. Still, I like it a lot and I hope to hear more soon!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2016"
5,"No gostei nem um pouco de 7/27. As faixas so quase em sua totalidade genricas e parecem a mesma coisa. Eu fiquei at confuso, pois tudo parece to igual que s vezes eu no conseguia distinguir as msicas. Enfim, 1000 Hands e Work From Home (sim) salvaram o lbum. Dope, Squeezy e No Way so medianas tambm.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
7,"Fith Harmoney really impressed me. The EDM production is wonderful and the vocals are powerful.
Favourite tracks - Work From Home, The Life, Write On Me, Squeeze.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2016"
9,"It's already known that Fifth Harmony, unlike other groups that have one or two lead singers, is made of five great ones. This characteristic can be very beneficial, but at the same time it can be a real challenge when it's time to do the most appropriate vocal distribution. This album is able to accomplish that very well, better than the previous one; however, there's still some room for improvement on that particular aspect, in a way  that allows all the five voices shine.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Fifth Harmony has done it yet again. Reflection was an amazing album and now they released 7/27 and it is so freaking good. It is honestly their best album so far - it has an entirely new sound and it fits them so well. You can hear all of the girls in the songs. Really good job, girls.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"The critiques lobbed against Fifth Harmony's '7/27' are all very fair. Even at its 'worst' the songs are still complete pop perfection. In all honesty there were only two skippable tracks, and the rest, even the ones that come off as 'chasing trends' are still tons of fun. Yes, it's true that the album kind of lacks any recognizable identity but for so many girl groups their identity was 'girl power' and songs like 'That's My Girl' and 'Not That Kind of Girl' fit that to a tee. 'Dope' might be the track that stands out the most. Mellow in the best way, and it embodies everything I like about this group and this album in general.
The album is a great maturation away from the slight cheesiness that plagued 'Reflection' but at it's core it's still captures the youthful spirit of the group. They did not compromise their maturity for a younger audience like some other groups and artists have done in the past. It's a great summer album, and it's ridiculously loaded with potential hits.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"Lyrically and vocally, this album is everything a person could want from a girl group. The solo distribution is spot on and the production is very well done. 7/27 gives off chill, EDM/pop, urban pop, reggae and alternative r&b vibes. Each song has its one mixture of genres to identify with while managing to form a very cohesive album somehow. This album is perfect for family gatherings or night club dance parties -- it is so versatile. Whether you want to kick back and relax or dance your butt off, this album is the best place to start. I highly recommend 7/27 (Deluxe Edition) if a fun, creative and interesting album is what you are looking for.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
7,"[ENGLISH] This album has good songs, good vocals and a good rhythm. Maybe if all songs were a little different each other, I mean, more variety of songs and lyrics in the album, I think it would be better.
[SPANISH] Este lbum tiene buenas canciones, buenas voces y buen ritmo. Tal vez si todas las canciones fueran un poco diferentes entre s, es decir, ms variedad de canciones y letras en el lbum, pienso que sera mejor.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
9,"Um album muito bem produzido, letras maravilhosas e boas divises de solos. Embora esteja um pouco confuso em relao a sua mensagem. No geral um album muito bom, mas no melhor q o Reflection",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
10,"O lbum est muito com. As meninas se arriscaram bastante em diferentes sonoridades, uma musica com uma pegada raggae, algumas bem pop e tambm foram para um alternativo. Conseguiram mudar bastante a sonoridade, comparando com seu ultimo lbum, Reflection, porm no perderam a excelncia! Realmente mostraram que so o maior GirlGroup da atualidade, e podemos ver isso nos charts.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
6,"While this album may show a new image for Fifth Harmony, it is definitely not as enticing or exciting as their previous effort, and there is definitely still room to grow.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
6,"is not a bad album, it has a really good production compared with the last LP, but generally there's a little bit of soul-touching songs, all fifth harmony records, including their EP 'Better Together', feel like are made only for the radio and the charts. It doesn't feel like if they are singing from the bottom of their hearts. PLUS, IN MY OPINION, CAMILA'S VOICE IS ANNOYING.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2016"
10,"Oh my God, speechless. I'm so freaking proud of this girls, this album is totally amazing, I can relate to each song in a different level and I just love it. Gonna Get Better is probably my favorite song of 2016 so far. Thanking God those girls are there slaying everyday.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
7,"All in all, a disappointing album compared to their last one. I know most people disagree will with me, but the songs on this album are just missing the melodies and the attitude from the last album. The production is different from Reflection, but I still like the new tropical house vibe they're going for. However, house production is notorious for making their singers boring. Although that isn't always the case here, FH struggle on a few particular songs to make their vocals shine through the production. Like their last album, there are also some major miscalculations in terms of song style. This is most notable on tracks such as Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign and No Way. The first is a snoozefest of an electronic R&B song, and the second is just a ballad structured completely wrong. However, songs such as All In My Head ft. Fetty Wap and The Life do a very good job blending the production and the vocals. Overall, I wish this was as good as their first album, but it's still a quality pop album on it's own merits.
Favs: All In My Head (Flex) ft. Fetty Wap, Dope, The Life, That's My Girl, Squeeze
Least Favs: Work From Home ft. Ty Dolla Sign, No Way",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
10,"These girls are killing it aren't they? I mean really their hit 'Work From Home' is a smash hit and 'All In My Head (Flex)' seems to be heading in that direction also. I definitely think this is a great album and it for sure deserves a '10' from me! All of their hits are great and they for sure deserve a 10 for their effort this year.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2016"
10,"This album is phenomenal. Every song is very diffrent yet they all connect with each other in a way. There also is no 'filler' type of songs. My favorite song right now is bad decisions.",15,18,"May 20, 2016"
10,"In a short span of 3 years, Ariana has proved herself as one of the best artists in the game. With her powerhouse vocals and strong production, she has managed to outdo herself once again. In fact, Dangerous Woman is her most mature and cohesive work to date and she's sure to silence any haters with this album. Standouts include Greedy, Side to Side, Let Me Love You, Everyday, Touch It and Into You.",47,57,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is pure pop perfection. You can listen to it from start to finish and not get bored at a single track. Every song has its own story and concept and it's just so good. The strongest tracks like Into You, Bad Decisions and Touch It make it up for the weakest ones, like Sometimes and Let Me Love You which is repetitive. The songs you can say are the worst on the album are still so amazing and that's what makes this album so good. This should be the best selling album of all time. Thriller who? (it's a joke, but it's pop perfection.)",3,3,"May 27, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman shows Ariana's artistic side. It is a masterpiece and her most cohesive and best album to date.
Outstanding tracks: Into You, Touch It, Greedy
Personal favorite: Sometimes, Knew Better/Forever Boy, Thinking Bout You",2,2,"May 20, 2016"
10,"New sound, new rythms, new lyrics, and new woman. I think this is one of the best albums of the year, it's different to her past albums but it keeps a bit of that 2013-2014 Ariana",2,2,"May 27, 2016"
10,"I can say with all certainty that 'Dangerous Woman' is the best album of Ariana. It brings innovative songs that explore different types of genres, such as the 'reggae', 'R&B', 'Pop', 'Hip Hop', and more. In addition, Ariana Grande managed to show his wonderful voice once again. The album, which took first place on iTunes of 74 countries, can be equalized to the great albums of this year as 'Anti', 'Lemonade' and 'VIEWS', showing that Ariana Grande is a Dangerous Woman. Highlights to: Dangerous Woman, Into You, Greedy, Side to Side and Touch it",2,2,"May 29, 2016"
10,"This is by far the best album of 2016. Also, Ariana's biggest album yet. The tracks flow one by one perfectly, the enunciation, whistle notes, lyrics all combine into one overwhelming work of art. Dangerous Woman is definetly a Grammy award-worthy masterpiece.",2,2,"Jun 18, 2016"
10,"I am a huge fan of Ariana since the beginning and this album is so amazing and left me speechless.This album is on repeat everyday and it deserves to pay for it!Every song is amazing there.My favorite is Moonlight that it is a very underrated song but it gives me chills every time I hear it.But all the songs are amazing af.And each song is very special for me.",2,2,"Jun 25, 2016"
9,"'Dangerous Woman' is sexier and edgier than any of Ariana Grande's previous releases. It starts with the beautiful ballad 'Moonlight,' which is one of my personal favourites from the album. The lead single 'Dangerous Woman' shows her transformation into a more daring person. 'Into You,' the second single from the album, is a fun, bouncy track, which is one of the biggest highlights. Songs I believe that would make potential hits as a single include 'Side To Side,' 'Greedy,' 'Leave Me Lonely,' and 'Thinking 'Bout You.' I am glad she decided not to go in the direction of 'Focus.' Don't get me wrong: I enjoyed 'Focus,' but it seemed like it would've been a better fit if she'd included it on a repackaged version of 'My Everything.' Overall, 'Dangerous Woman' is her strongest release so far.",2,2,"Jul 16, 2016"
10,"a masterpiece. A combination of genres, a list of flawless features and an album filled with perfect songs that capture every mood. Dangerous woman, the third studio album by Ariana grande manages to tick every box. Flawless vocals, outstanding beats and captivating features. Every song stands out, there are no fillers within the album, each song is unique and special. Features include future on 'everyday', Nicki minaj on 'side to side', Macy gray on 'leave me lonely' and lil Wayne on 'let me love you'. Ariana and the features have amazing chemistry, they work perfectly together on a track. This album showcases her outstanding vocal ability while showing off her incredible musical production. The production on dangerous woman is flawless. The lyrics have improved a lot, which is good considering Ariana was the lead writer on over 8 songs, more than half of the album. The album includes a song for everyone, it captures every moment and every emotion perfectly. This album is much more mature than Ariana's previous albums, it showcases her true emotions and identity. This album is Grammy worthy and truly amazing. If you haven't already, you should buy it on iTunes or stream it on Spotify and Apple Music, highly recommended.",14,17,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Even though I should give her an 8 or a 9, she seems to have ditched the good girl side of hers and went to the bad, naughty, sexual side. Feels like a transformation, almost.",12,16,"May 20, 2016"
10,"The queen has outdone herself with this UNAPOLOGETIC MASTERPIECE! Her best album so far bar none. You can see how Grande has indeed a say in this album, in comparison to her previous records.",11,15,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Brave yourselves, this is her MAGNUM OPUS. Gladly she did that 1 song a day on Apple Music, because listening to the whole album in one sitting is too much to handle.",8,11,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Every song is like pure explosion of feelings and emotions..
jumping from style to style while keeping it classy and sexy.
____________
-Moonlight
Brings back old Ariana vibes, 'yours truly' vibes to be accurate.
-Dangerous Woman
THE hit of the hits. The first single of this album and a new era for Ariana
-Be Alright
The jam you wanna wake up to. Being sexy in a classy way something like Ariana in general.
-Into You
The biggest hit of the album (my opinion) and the catchiest of them all. 'a lil bit dangerous but maybe that's what i wanted'
-Side to Side ( ft. Nicky Minaj)
The most expected song of the song was the least powerful of all. Nice beat with reggae pinches and nice verses by Nicky, but as a song isn't as strong as others.
-Let Me Love You (ft. Lil Wayne)
Ariana grew up.. she evolved.. and that song makes it obvious to see it.
p.s. Wayne's verse is KILLING IT.
-Greedy
Orchestral-Glee vibes with sexiness and disco rythm. Classic Pop lovers will love it.
Catchy lyrics probably the next 'single' to be promoted after Into You.
-Leave Me Lonely (ft. Macy Gray)
James Bond realness.
Macy opens the song.. and she surrenders us to Ariana's hands, for an EPIC verse and  chorus.
Maybe the best vocal performance by Ariana in an album.. since ever.
-Everyday (ft. Future)
The sexiest song of the album. This song is a sensual seduction for your ears.
-Sometimes
An almost acoustic love song with stunning vocals. If you are not in love.. you will probably fell after this.
-I Don't Care
Jazz erotic music. Lyrics deticated to an old love, that will make you feel like you don't care about anymore.
-Bad Decisions
This song is sassy and fierce but not in an offending perspective.
With this happy beat.. the unapologetic lyrics take it to another level.
-Touch it
The strongest ballad of the album.
Broken hearted lyrics and unbelievable chorus that reminds us power ballads of the early 00's.
-Knew Better / Forever Boy
The beat is sensual and it sound totally like 2016.
The R&B vibes are for sure here.. mixing them with some electronic elements.. and a masterpiece is borned.
-Thinking Bout You
The best was kept for last by Ari.
So last but not least the track with the number .15.   the greatest song of the album in my opinion.
The most powerful lyrics Ariana has ever sung.. relatable AF and the most chills worthy.
The repeat button will take fire.
Congrats Ariana for the strongest album of your career.
The ease of this 10/10 is unprecedented.",8,11,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Record of the year. she did it again, a pop princess for sure!!! Love this album so SO much, she (Ariana) is a legend, putting out the best album ever while the other girls were sleeping.",10,14,"May 20, 2016"
8,"Without a doubt Ariana's strongest album to date. A very solid piece of work from start to finish with a surprising range in musical style. As always, Ariana's voice is in top form and the songwriting here is stronger than it's ever been.
'Into You,' 'Greedy.' and 'Everyday' would all make great radio singles, while 'Moonlight,' 'Leave Me Lonely' and 'I Don't Care' show off her more mature R&B balladeering. In the end, Dangerous Woman proves to be a smart, sexy summer album and one of the best pop releases in recent memory.",7,10,"May 20, 2016"
9,"DANGEROUS WOMAN indeed. Ariana has demonstrated natural artistically growth. Yours Truly and My everything are definitely great foundations and then Dangerous Woman is an excellent addition to her project collections. The only thing I didn't like about this album was the closing song it's wasn't as promising as I feel it should be but in terms of pop albums in 2016. This is the BEST pop album this year so far. She's sustained her tone and elements from previous albums and then sound and dance elements are more parallel. I feel there's more she can bring but for a third album it's not bad at all. Would love to hear her work with MNEK.",7,10,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Her best album to date. **** Rolling Stone who gave it a 3/5, they're deluded and biased, that's why everyone prefers Billboard. But anyway, back to Ariana, she really outdid herself with this album. Every song is a vocal masterpiece and it's special in their own way. Btw, Moonlight is a outstanding masterpiece.",7,10,"May 20, 2016"
10,"After an incident in 2015 that threatened the pint-sized pop star's credibility, Grande reclaims her throne as the princess of pop with her third studio album, 'Dangerous Woman.' The title track is a perfect lead single and shows Grande's audience just how much she has grown since her sophomore album, 'My Everything.' Tracks like 'Bad Decisions,' 'Be Alright,' and 'Greedy' are sure to make you want to dance. Ariana's vocals soar on gorgeous tracks like 'Moonlight' and 'Leave Me Lonely.' Although the album delves into different genres, it never feels any less cohesive or disjointed. This album might just be the body of work that tops Grande's debut album, 'Yours Truly.'",7,10,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana has grown from young pop star to a mature young woman on 'Dangerous Woman'. The album boosts hits in 'Greedy', 'Be Alright', 'Side to Side' (feat. Nicki Minaj) and 'Into You'.",7,10,"May 20, 2016"
10,"POP MASTERPIECE!!!!!! Don't listen to hating SNORElena HOmez stans that think that generic revival album was even remotely listenable!!!!! Princess Ari did phenomenal and those vocals were FLAWLESSSSS #wokeuplikethis",9,13,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is an absolutely phenomenal that showcases the mature side of her, the talented side of her and the true vocal powerhouse that she really is. The songs vasts from mature pop, Dangerous Woman, to fun, upbeat tracks like Greedy and to old-school dance tracks like Be Alright. The world should be SHOOK that Dangerous Woman has existed.",9,13,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Im so proud of Ariana, she grown up so much! This album is her best album & im not even her fan!!
My favourite songs from DW:
Sometimes, Touch It, Dangerous Woman, Moonlight & Thinking Bout You, but i love all so much",9,13,"May 20, 2016"
10,"La mejor, un excelente, dira el mejor del 2016:3.
Ariana la mejor voz, dios no puedo con esa perfeeccioon lo juro.
con este album minimo 5nomincaciones al grammy ya dije.",9,13,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is 100% Grande's best album! She did amazing songs, she wrote most songs, now this is talent. She deserves a GRAMMY! I'm buying it, because it's amazing.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Quality album, rich pleasing sound accompanied with mature lyrics ! Ariana is confirming her princess of pop statue album after album, and I think she's doing it fabuloussly !!",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is the dangerous album of 2016! this is the best work of grande yet! the good girl goes bad girl now! the song was Amazing you will dance and cry! this is the most exciting album of 2016 again this is the best work of grande again! congratulations!",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is her best album get! Perfect! Every song is soooo good!! Go Ariana!!    .    .",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"The album is certainly the best pop album on 2016 by far, not only the songs are well produced, Ariana's vocals are stronger and more confident than they've ever been. Dangerous Woman, Into You, Side to Side, Greedy, Leave Me Lonely, Sometimes, Bad Decisions and Touch It are some of the biggest highlights on the record, but there are few poor things on the whole work, so it's an excellent album and Ariana has finally grow up from a TV-Star to a hit maker and now to a full pop diva.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I have waited for this album since the first snippets of Moonlight from a year ago! It is pure perfection, there is no need to skip songs while listening to it.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is an amazing album, with amazing vocals and such a huge mature by the princess Ariana. This is her best album yet, my favourite tracks Let Me Love You, Knew Better/Forever Boy, Bad Decisions and Sometimes.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"So what we have here is an album that is better than anything selena gomez has done.Good vocals,instrumentals and lyrics.Vant-garde from the bottom to the top.Floplena Trashmez is over.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana is very talented, and this album definitely shows it. With her versatile vocal abilities and her four octave vocal range (impressive), she can sing anything! Phenomenal album.",8,12,"May 20, 2016"
9,"Great album with a very consistent tone, thanks to its excellent production. Highlights of the album include:
Touch It, Into You, Greedy, Moonlight, Sometimes, Bad Decisions",6,9,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is so perfect , The Ariana's Voice is like an angel
Every song is wonderful , This is the best album of Ariana Grande .( R&B , Pop , Dance-Pop )
My favourite songs are all .",6,9,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I never really listened to Ariana Grande until she came out with Dangerous Woman. When I heard she was dropping more singles on iTunes, I decided to pre-ordered the album and from there I became a fan. Not really of her, but her music. This girl is saving pop music. After listening to the album, I realized that was the first time I've ever listened to a full album without skipping any tracks. I enjoyed every single minute of it. This record was every diverse. Every track was different, to a point where it surprised you. The one that stand out to me the most was 'Greedy', it had a funky upbeat tone to it, like a Bruno Mars song. Another one was 'Moonlight', the first track on the album. Ballads usually bore me, but the way Ariana's vocals stand out on the track gave me goose bumps throughout the entire song. This album deserves success because it is one masterpiece.",6,9,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Este lbum est totalmente incrvel, Ariana evoluiu muito. E as msicas tem uma sonoridade muito boa e viciante. Ela superou todas as minhas expectativas.",6,9,"May 20, 2016"
10,"OMG! My love ever! Ariana is an ex-act and nothing break her! Talent, Talent, Talent, musics with good grooves. Perfect Featuring's.. Leave Me Lonely is the best music on Dangerous Woman",4,6,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is the best pop album of the decade. It's so beautifully cohesive and fun! Every song is a 10/10, by far her best album to date. Greedy is the best pop song ever!",9,14,"May 20, 2016"
10,"amazing no words for this masterpiece.................................................................................................................",9,14,"May 20, 2016"
8,"Great album, 1 or 2 songs I didn't care for as much as the rest but I really liked the rest, 'Greedy', 'Be Alright', 'Dangerous Woman' and 'Side To Side' are all highlights!",5,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana just released one of the best pop albums of the decade. I wasn't an Ariana fan but this album is soo good. Every song is perfect! Leave Me Lonely, Greedy, Dangerous Woman, Into You... So many good songs you should definitely buy this album.",5,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Moonlight 9.8/10
Dangerous Woman 10/10
Be Alright 9.7/10
Into You 9.8/10
Side To Side 10/10
Let Me Love You 9.6/10
Greedy 10/10
Ariana simply managed to overcome the ' Yours Truly ' . 'Dangerous Woman' is an amazing and totally captivating album, attracts the eyes of the listeners to the artist, and demonstrates his vocal power and a wonderful musical artist",5,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Another good album , so many styles of music in just one album reggae, electronic, pop, RnB and much more. Also her vocals as always on the right point.",5,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Estou muito orgulhoso da Ari e do seu desenvolvimento esse album s mostra mais de seu talento e sua evoluo como artista. No tem como no gostar.",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is amazing. It's been a long time since I hear an album and love every single song. Ariana is incredible, as so is everything about this record.",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana has outdone herself with this excellent Pop/R&B album.
By mixing up multiple genres like pop & reggae and R&B & Pop she created this super diverse album which won't bore you for a single second,
and ofcourse her vocals are amazing",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"She's so talented, dangerous woman takes the best aspects of yours truly and my everything and combined them into a masterpiece. Ariana Grande deserve a grammy",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Sin duda es la nueva reina del teen pop, ste lbum tiene buenas letras, buenas meloda y una excelente voz. Ariana logra impactar siempre luego de sacar msica.",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"aquele ditado n, Ariana  rainha e ponto final. EU AMEEEEEEEEEI ESSE ALBUM VIADOOO, SO TEM LACRE, AMM ARIANA GRANDE, ALO ALO ALOO ARIANA  MUITO RAINHA SIM, BJES PRA QUEM DISSE QUE  IA FLOPAR",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Primeiramente, quero parabenizar a evoluo avassaladora que a Ariana teve em com o passar do tempo e a qualidade de seus lbuns. Dangerous Woman  um lbum milimtricamente bem feito, excelentes composies e os vocais impecveis. Ariana Grande tende somente a crescer cada vez mais.
Estou muito orgulhoso de ser f dessa mulher perigosa!!!",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"You can already hear the dying careers of her peers. Weaves snatched. Her best album to date. It's a masterpiece with no fillers. It's tops every song and dukes on My Everything. 11/10",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"A master piece, My Everything was amazing, but Dangerous Woman its other level, amazing Ariana, amazing! with just 3 songs you killed my hears, i can imagine with the rest",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana has shown that came to Pop to make history. The vocals are incredible and all the lyrics perfectly fit the album. Ariana Grande 's newest perfection POP!!!",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is a great album , ariana with DW was reinventing Completely sound electronics RnB blues Is A Perfect Combination Each topic very well thought out and worked with a great production and Voice Quality",4,7,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Um timo lbum. Sem aquelas farofas pop, no que eu no goste, mas o R&B  o que me cativa e esse lbum me cativou por isso! Os vocais, as participaes e melodias das musicas se casaram super bem. Arina realmente me surpreendeu.  Eu a acompanho desde a poca de Your Truly e essa evoluo  sensacional.",5,9,"May 20, 2016"
10,"From start to finish, it's a spectacular album from Ariana, Starting off with 'Moonlight' the transitioning to 'Dangerous Woman' I find brilliant as it gives off her innocence in the beginning then her 'dangerous' complexity throughout the album. The production of her hymns, whistles and the instrumentation with guitars, and pianos are stellar.
Must listens: Moonlight, Into you, Leave Me Lonely, Knew Better/Forever Boy",4,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Phenomenal! That's the best word to describe this incredible masterpiece. Miss Grande has outdone herself and created the best pop album we've heard in a while and definitely the best of 2016. With a great mix of different beats and amazing lyrics, Dangerous Woman shows how much Ariana has grown as an artist. Everyone should take some time to listen and enjoy this complete work of art.",4,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Bem,as msicas so maravilhosas,algumas msicas lembram o Yours Truly que agora  meu segundo lbum favorito pq o Dangerous Woman roubou o lugar de primeiro.",4,8,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Moonlight  10/10
Dangerous Woman 10/10
Be Alright 10/10
Into You 10/10
Side To Side 10/10
Let Me Love You 10/10
Greedy 10/10
Leave Me Lonely 10/10
Everyday 10/10
Sometimes 10/10
I Don't Care 10/10
Bad Decisions 10/10
Touch It 10/10
Knew Better 10/10
Forever Boy 10/10
Thinking Bout You 10/10
Best album of 2016. 10/10",4,8,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Yassss this is the album of the millennium, every song is so freaking amazing, i love this album more than me, thinking bout, touch it, knew better / forever boy are pure art, i love it",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Is the greatest ever Ariana's album she is really doing very well, and this era is gonna be one of her biggest eras on her career, her vocals, falsettos & songs are amazing.",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
10,"For sure, Ariana is a Pop/R&B princess. This album is just a reflection of everything she can do (this girl really can sing everything) and, at the same time, is just a start for everything she will conquer in a not far future. Behold Ariana, the Dangerous Woman.",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Album maravilhoso, todas as faixas so incrveis, com timas letras, vocais impecaveis e batidas contagiantes, valeu totalmente a espera eu estou muito orgulhosa.",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I honestly love this new era, it's # 1 here in Brazil, these vocals are killing, I love it all, she nailed it at all, she did what I expected really, Congrats to her!",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Ariana teve uma era conturbada em DW, com o fracasso de Focus, e o recomeo com Dangerous Woman.
O lbum tem um sonoridade perfeita, mais peca na ordem das faixa, exemplo: Everyday que poderia facilmente ser substituda por Bad Decisions.
o lbum e redondo e atual, Acho que a ariana  uma forte concorrente ao Grammy.",3,6,"May 20, 2016"
9,"Not gonna lie this album has more good songs than her previous effort. But what it lacks are signature songs due to which Problem by her remains that signature song. In some songs this album feels like a female version of Zayn's Mind of Mine album. A few tracks are present which i would skip while listening to her album such as Touch It, Bad Decisions, Be Alright and Everyday. As far as the collaborations are concerned the collaboration with Nicki Minaj (Side to Side) remains the best followed by the Wayne collab then Macy's and then Future. However the second single INTO YOU is something id expect which would chart higher!",2,4,"May 20, 2016"
8,"Ariana Grande's best album!
I've never been a fan of her music, tbh My Everything annoyed me. And Problem, Break Free, Focus.. ughgghgughgugh. But since I heard Dangerous Woman and Into You I have her stuck in my head. And wow, this album is amazing. She has progressed, I guess. It's so sad that she is not receiving the attention she should receive. She is a dangerous woman. (Favorites; Into You, Side to Side, Greedy)",2,4,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I'm still shook in the way Ariana maneged to create this amazing album, she's just so good. everything, her vocals, the lyrics, the beat.
By the way, this album is better than most of the rest 'Teens', they're SHOOk.",2,4,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is definitely one of the best albums of 2016 , as its subject fascinating , his songs are versatile with his voice and this can be seen in songs Greedy , Side to Side , Dangerous Woman, Into you and Knew Better / ForeverBoy",2,4,"May 20, 2016"
10,"GREAT ALBUM, most of the songs are amazing and show her musical capability. Songs like Leave Me Lonely and Greedy show off her vocal capacity, while songs like I Don't Care shows her capability of singing songs that are not vocally demanding but require emotion. Other songs like Side To Side, Let Me Love You and Everyday show off her versatility, this is a great album as Ariana continues to evolve and discover different genres that she's comfortable with.
Personally my favourite Ariana album is Yours Truly, but this might replace the throne, once I listen to it some more.",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Ariana`s new album is one of the strongest works ever been. Deep lyrics with words, that make me thinking about bigger things. Amazing style - R`n`b with this kind of retro sound. I am so obsessed with her ballads. I fall in love with every song. I watched her growing as musician, perfomer and person.It is so good to have Grande as example of singer, who loves music that much and inspire with her art. I wish this album will have popularity which deserves. Ariana is new  and one of the brightest stars of the music sky.",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"perfect first impression. She made a lot of enjoyable moment with this album. i love the music!!! 100% gonna listen it over and over and over again, probably will accompany me in every driving.",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"This Album is just phenomenal. in this album gets the best of both yours truly and my everything while reinventing herself. She really outdid herself. every song is different in a good way. The lyrics are well written and the production of the music is incredible. Each song has its own vibe giving the listeners a variety of emotions. Not to mention the most thing Miss Grande is best at Singing! Her vocals are breathe taking and they really bring the songs to life. her harmonies along with her whistle register that she showcased in this album really bring the album to life. No one will ever top this!!",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Awesome album, maybe the best during her career. Excellent combination of vocal power and rhythms, she is showing her maturity and that she could be more than just an actress of Nickelodeon.",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"There is not one bad song on this album. The new sexiness is suiting Ari. The production on this album is top notch, and Ari's light voice sounds so pure, just as she is live. This music is amazing. Favorites are Touch It, Moonlight, Into You, Thinking Bout You, Greedy, Leave Me Lonely, and Bad Decisions, but this whole album has AMAZING songs! In not even 4 years, she has proven herself a force to be reckoned with. It took Justin Bieber 5, Taylor 9, and many other artist WAY more than this. Amazing, amazing, amazing. Just as I thought it would be.",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Dangerous Woman is Ariana's best work yet. It finds a way to combine a diverse multitude of genres yet still sound cohesive. The highlight of the album for me is Touch It, a dark, well-produced bop!",2,4,"May 21, 2016"
9,"Moonlight 9.3
Dangerous Woman 9.2
Be alright 8.5
Into You 9.2
Side to side 10.0
Let me love you 6.5
Greedy 9.3
Leave me Lonely 9.7
Everyday 6.2
Sometimes 9.8
I Don't care 7.3
Bad Decisions 9.3
Touch it 10.0
Knew Better / Forever Boy 7.8
Thinking Bout You 9.6
8.78 -> 9
Grande's voice is one of the best voices in this generation, rather than some other artists, Ariana is able to use her voice and experience to make very good songs. Yes, there are some weaker songs on the albums but 'Touch It' and 'Side To Side' increase the score of the Album.
I was reading through the comments and saw that 'She has not found her genre yet' - I totally disagree with that, her genre is Dance-Pop/R&B. These genres can be found in all songs, These genres can be mixed with Reggae and House but it still has Dance-Pop or R&B vibes.",1,2,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is her best album.  It's so good since beginning to the end, and is very different to her other albums. I think the best songs are Be Alright, Into You, Dangerous Woman, Side To Side, Greedy and Bad Decisions.",1,2,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is so perfect the vocals the materials urgggh this is my fav album in 2016, and this album is a masterpice. Ariana never dissapoints us to her songs",1,2,"May 24, 2016"
10,"this girl is killing me, it's very rare to see a mix between holy vocals and amazing music altogether, this deserves a 10000, she has honestly just completely outdone herself and i am very proud to say that i've been here since 2011 and still going. This is just phenomenal.",1,2,"May 25, 2016"
10,"It takes the best aspects of Yours Truly and My Everything and combined them into a masterpiece. It's one of the best pop album of the decade. So get ready for the best album you ever heard in your hole life.",1,2,"May 25, 2016"
10,"After a long year and a half wait since her last album, we were finally delivered her third album; of which i am very pleased. I love the new sounds that Grande was experimenting with like I don't Care, KnewBetter/Forever Boy. I think it's important to note how she's stepping out of the pop genre and stepping into soul, r&b and a bit of electro/techno, too.
Grande partnered with new production team to help her create songs for this album and I love how the sounds of Tommy Brown meets Grande's voice. The two were a power team on this album! Also want to point out the lyrics (especially those in Moonlight), Grande was very clever with her lyrics making them catchy, while still carrying important messages to the public about love and who she is as a person.
I loved My Everything but this album fit her and her voice so much better in a lot of different ways. So proud, Ariana!",1,2,"May 25, 2016"
10,"First of all, I have to admit that I have been a fan of Ariana's work since her big debut in 2013, when she released her #1 album ''Yours Truly'', which, I thought, was one of the best albums of the year. I loved the fact, that she came through the masses and into pop music, even when her material was heavily leaned on traditional R&B music. The flow of the album was very vintage with beautiful ballads. Not even a year after Top 10-Hit ''The Way'', she released her, up to this date, biggest and commercially most successful #1 smash ''Problem'', which officially made Ariana a pop sensation. In the coming months she released even catchier songs as ''Break Free'', a Top 5-Hit, that was influenced by modern electronic-dance music. Also an anthem for the LGBT-Community. Not even a year after her debut album she released her second #1 album ''My Everything'', an international hit. Ariana has gotten two ''Grammy'' Nominations with that heavy pop album, yet I personally felt a huge detachment to Ariana's roots in music, and saw the album as a tool to get into the mainstream audience. Still, it doesn't mean that it was a bad album it was a great pop album with a lot of hits, but it didn't have much variety in it's cohesiveness and sonically it wasn't doing Ariana any favors with her vocals. Her voice is her strength. The album ''My Everything'' got tiresome after the first eight song, as the instruments remained electronic beats with only little changes, especially towards the end of the record. That all leads me to her third studio album ''Dangerous Woman''. Ariana finally seems to have found her place within this industry, which she expresses, more confident than ever, in this record. She is more confident with her sexuality than ever before and the album contains the best music she has done thus far. In 15 tracks, she seems to have redefined her musical roots, which lay in R&B, but she connected her redefining of R&B with a mixture of Pop music. Yet, that is nothing to blame her for, as Pop music have become the foundation of her image in the music industry, as even Madonna, the ''Pop Queen'' herself, called Ariana the ''New Priness of Pop''. The melodies of the album are beautifully working together with Ariana's vocals, something that ''My Everything'' strongly suffered in. She even embraces new genres in this album, as it has touches of soul, funk and reggae (''Leave Me Lonely'', ''Greedy'' and ''Side To Side''). Altogether her third record is truthfully called ''Dangerous Woman'', as she has found herself again, and is one dangerous talent, which her generation, up until she came across, did not have. She has been in the music industry for 3 years now and is a pop princess, who won't leave that fast, as she is just getting started.",1,2,"May 26, 2016"
10,"Muchos artistas buscan reinventarse drasticamente ariana lo logra con este album sin necesidad de dejar su esencia y nos da uno de los mejores albumes de este primer semestre del ao de 15 canciones del album 13 son espectaculares sin desmeritar los otros 2 por eso felicito a la artista por demostrar que se puede hacer algo tan diferente a my everything",1,2,"May 26, 2016"
8,"I wouldn't rank this one above her last album. She tends to shine in the ballads and there aren't many of those in this album. Moonlight is such a sweet song to listen to, but it doesn't fit the album. The songs aren't sonically cohesive and I'm not saying that's what makes a great album, but it definitely helps. Some of these songs have no place being on the album. I enjoy most songs, but some of the others are not good at all and sound disconnected. What is the theme of this album? There is no theme and that's what is so confusing.",1,2,"May 26, 2016"
10,"In this album Ariana decided to create some great vocal masterpieces than some generic music that will be on the radio for month and then die, Ariana seems to care about the quality of her music rather than sales but getting her first number one debut in the UK and outselling her past albums is a definitely an accomplishment that she should be proud of!",1,2,"May 31, 2016"
8,"She has only been 3 years in the music business and is currently slaying, with i guess one of the best album of 2016 so far.. I hope that this album will get her more success then she has already achieved. The vocals are slaying this album and also half of the singers in the music business right now.
my score:
1. Moonlight 8/10
2. Dangerous woman 10/10
3. Be Alright 7/10
4. into you 10/10
5. side to side 9/10
6. Let me love you 8/10
7. Greedy 10/10
8. Leave me alone 9/10
9. Everyday 9/10
10. Sometimes 8/10
11. I don't care 9/10
12. Bad Decisions 8/10
13. Touch it 7/10
14. Knew better/Forever boy 8/10
15. Thinking bout you 8/10
overall:85.3",1,2,"Jun  4, 2016"
7,"Eu esperava uma farofinha tipo as do ME, mas ok, continua hinrio.
Moonlight 7.0
Dangerous Woman 7.3
Be alright 9.1
Into You 6.0
Side to side 7.0
Let me love you 9.3
Greedy 4.7
Leave me Lonely 6.9
Everyday 9.0
Sometimes 8.0
I Don't care 6.0
Bad Decisions 6.0
Touch it 7.5
Knew Better / Forever Boy 5.7
Thinking Bout You 6.3
Minha mdia: 71",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This is PURE MASTERPIECE.Every track of this album is amazing, no filler. Maybe best pop album of the year.    Best Ariana Grande`s album for sure.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"I have been a fan of Ariana since her Victorious days, and I've been waiting a while for this album. I was very pleased when I listened to this album. Each song is different from each other, but not totally different. This is her most mature album yet. My favorites are Sometimes, Touch It, Greedy, and Thinking Bout You. Give this album a listen it's 100% worth it.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"BEST ALBUM OF 2016 SO FAR! I hope she win her first grammy! All of the songs are so great and addictive, this is her best album and hopes that she gets the attention that she deserves. SLAY MAMA",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"a masterpiece. A combination of genres, a list of flawless features and an album filled with perfect songs that capture every mood. Dangerous woman, the third studio album by Ariana grande manages to tick every box. Flawless vocals, outstanding beats and captivating features. Every song stands out, there are no fillers within the album, each song is unique and special. Features include future on 'everyday', Nicki minaj on 'side to side', Macy gray on 'leave me lonely' and lil Wayne on 'let me love you'. Ariana and the features have amazing chemistry, they work perfectly together on a track. This album showcases her outstanding vocal ability while showing off her incredible musical production. The production on dangerous woman is flawless. The lyrics have improved a lot, which is good considering Ariana was the lead writer on over 8 songs, more than half of the album. The album includes a song for everyone, it captures every moment and every emotion perfectly. This album is much more mature than Ariana's previous albums, it showcases her true emotions and identity. This album is Grammy worthy and truly amazing. If you haven't already, you should buy it on iTunes or stream it on Spotify and Apple Music, highly recommended. Best Ariana era, I love the album.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"For sure, her best album! All kind of sounds. She is just getting better and better, all grown up with her music. This album is phenomenal. The queen has outdone herself",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is a masterpiece. It proves, once again, that Ariana is definitely the pop sensation of this generation and that she is the one y'all should be focusing on. This LP contains so many pure pop excellence tracks but also a lot of very deep, dark and sexy Rnb ballads that are going to make you want to buy 282 copies of the album. She's an unbelievable vocalist who knows how to perfectly balance Pop and Rnb and this album definitely shows it all. Her best album.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"The dangerous woman , Ariana Grande album is the best singer with a fantastic voice and music quality ! all the best album of music is greedy , but all are very good in my opinion.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Since today, I haven't heard an album of Ariana that sounds so good like this, maybe is her best album, maybe not, but everyone know that we need albums like that in 2016.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums of her so far, she really showed her girl maturation of Nickelodion going to a real dangerous woman, a woman which not afraid to show his arguments and finally said a **** for all other existing opinions. Congratulations @ArianaGrande's am really and totally proud of you.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"This album is truly a revelation for Grande, who once again has proven that she has an outstanding talent, combined with a more mature sound than the 2014 pop-hit 'Problem'.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Undoubtedly this is the best record she has done. Every single song from this album has its own magic and also there can be found a variety of music styles which makes this album DIVERSE!. Ariana Grande will keep impressing us in the future because it is demonstrated that she has such a great creativity at the moment of creating and developing an album. Amazing job Grande!
My favs: Into you, leave me lonely, thinking bout you.",2,5,"May 20, 2016"
9,"I love this album. Rufus has created beautiful melodies to put to Shakespeare's words, and the styles range from rock to all-out classical. To like this album, you have to love everything that Rufus is...ambitious, curious, well-rounded. He is a lover of the high arts-- opera, literature, visual art--and always has been. He will never be limited to pop albums (great as they are) because his mind is too broad, and I admire that he constantly pushes the envelope and takes risks. We're lucky to have an artist who has the talent to match his courageous ambition.",1,1,"May 29, 2016"
5,"I love Rufus' voice and style, but this album is like having to do homework in high school. I wish he would go back to his 'Poses' and 'Release the Stars' vibe... This is too artsy-fartsy.",0,1,"May 22, 2016"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen's EMOTION is a LEAP forward for, not only Carly herself but also, pop music. Kiss was a GREAT underrated cleverly written and well produced pop record that didn't do well due to the general public losing interest, but EMOTION is past trying to chart and please the general public. EMOTION is a 17 track collection, handpicked out of over 200 tracks produced for this record. EMOTION is 80's pop GOLD, the production is filled with glittering and gleaming synths and beats, the writing is clever and matured, and (unlike with Kiss) it hits the point it was trying to reach perfectly. Highlights on the album include 'Run Away With Me', 'All That', 'Your Type', 'Let's Get Lost', 'Black Heart', and 'Love Again'. Well done Carly, you have a classic pop album under your belt! I'm very excited to see where you will go from here.",22,23,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"This is definitely a quality album. Very refreshing from the other pop girl albums. Phenomenal work on this album. The lyrics and music are amazing...",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"EMOTION  simplesmente perfeito do comeo ao fim, Carly conseguiu trazer tudo o que qualquer admirador de musica pop espera: vocais bons, composies boas e produes simplesmente fantsticas. Desde a primeira faixa ''Run Away with Me'' ate a ultima ''Love Again'' podemos enxergar a evoluo musical e o amadurecimento da cantora em comparao ao ultimo album ''Kiss''. Ela conseguiu construir um lbum pop maduro e com referencias oitentistas que superou qualquer lbum pop lanado nessa dcada. A Carly no  uma superstar mundialmente famosa, ou uma hitmarker com inmeros hits ou uma grande diva do pop mas ela conseguiu sem duvidas trazer um lbum to bom que qualquer artista pop gostaria de ter em sua carreira. Carly Rae Jepsen lanar um lbum pop to bom como o EMOTION no  surpresa nenhuma, a Carly apenas de Call Me Maybe como  conhecida por muitos lanar um lbum como o EMOTION  uma grande surpresa, talvez um dia ela possa ser reconhecida pelo seu trabalho com um excelente lbum como  o EMOTION, e no por uma musica pop chiclete como Call Me Maybe, talvez assim eu ainda tenha esperana na humanidade.
Melhores musicas do lbum: Run Away With Me, All That, EMOTION, Gimmie Love e Favourite Colour.",6,7,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best songs: Your Type, Run Away With Me, Gimmie Love, All That, Making The Most Of The Night & Let's Get Lost.
There are no bad songs on this album. 10/10",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Carly continues to be underestimated ever since Call Me Maybe was released a few years ago. This album is outstanding and shows that she is much more than a one hit wonder. She is a true artist who wrote each and every song on this album and spent three years working on it. This is pure pop candy, an album that rivals Taylor Swifts 1989 in both sophistication and catchiness. There is not one song on this album that I dont like. In fact, her current single Run Away With Me is a number one waiting to happen.
Theres something for everyone with this album - a perfect mix of slower songs and pop jams. Standout tracks: LA Hallucinations, I Didnt Just Come Here to Dance, Run Away With Me, Gimmie Love, and Favorite Color.
Do yourself a favor and give Carly a chance! This album is not to be missed. TIME magazine calls it the pop album of the year, and they are right on the money.",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Es excelente, realmente hizo un trabajo excepcional. Sent como escuchar grandes piezas de los 80's, pero hechas a un disco del nuevo siglol. El lbum pop del 2015 ha llegado. Indiscutiblemente, Carly demostr que puede ser una artista y dejar de ser un producto musical. Gracias por ste viaje emocional y deleite musical.",3,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best songs: Run Away With Me, EMOTION, I Really Like You, Gimmie Love,  All That, Your Type, Let's Get Lost & When I Needed You.
Worst song: LA Hallucinations",5,7,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen proved herself in every single way with this record. Been a fan since she released 'Kiss', but now with 'EMOTION' I see how she had room for improvement as an artist. I could not be more proud of her work! 'Run Away With Me' is truly amazing and a huge opener to a full set of colors and emotions that she brought to us. The album won't really do well commercially but I'm so satisfied critics recognized it.",2,3,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year so far! Really good pop music.
Best songs: Run Away with Me, Making The Most Of The Night, EMOTION, All That, Your Type.",2,3,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Not in a million years would I have ever thought Carly Rae Jepsen could release a perfect pop record. Unique, original & filler-free, EMOTION is the best pop record released in 2015. Stand outs include Run Away With Me, LA Hallucinations & I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance. The only problem I have is the fact that I Really Like You was released as the lead single as it's the worst song on the album. Chances are if you have ears you're going to love this album! And if you have a weave you are going to get snatched in a heartbeat!",2,3,"Aug 29, 2015"
9,"I'm not really a fan of Call Me Maybe. I found it kind of annoying and repetitive, another song from a one-hit wonder. E-MO-TION shows how very wrong I was. This is one of the best pop albums of the year, and it absolutely deserves the success of Call Me Maybe. It's much, much better.",2,3,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"EMOTION is a perfectly crafted masterpiece. From the stunning saxophone that opens the album on 'Run Away With Me' all the way to the ending of 'Favourite Colour' absolutely amazing.",2,3,"Dec 12, 2015"
10,"This album is so underrated. Call Me Maybe has completely overshadowed this album. When I first heard Run Away With Me, I was blown away by how amazing it was. It is such a shame that it didn't even reach the charts! Honestly, this album deserves so much more recognition.",2,3,"Apr 10, 2016"
9,"She's doing '80s throwback better than some of the original pop ladies. Every track is unique and catchy, while also substantial. Highlights include: Boy Problems, Your Type, Making the Most of the Night.",3,5,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Honestly I was debating whether or not to listen to this album based on her previous work and lead single but she then released Run Away With Me and I instantly was full of excitement for this album.. I was counting down until 12 am to purchase it and when it finally came, IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT, Ladies and gentlemen this is one of the best pop albums of all time, it has the perfect mix of everything.. There is not one single bad song, Though I didn't care for the lead single I understand why it was released because of its catchiness but its not a bad song.",2,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"this is a MASTERPIECE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"I love all of the songs on this album especially Let's Get Lost and When I Needed You! Those two are my favorite songs from this great album. There are no bad songs on this album. Definitely best Pop Album of the Year!",1,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"We all knew that miss Carly Rae Jepsen would give us another pop masterpiece, but this, this is just something out of this world. From the second I heard I Really Like You, I knew she was coming for blood, and blood she came for. Every pre released track was flawless, and so is the rest of the album. It's no surprise critics are raving about this album because it really is a flawless album. Carly Rae Jepsen is back, and here to stay, despite if it reaches the top fo the charts or not. The album is a solid 10/10 and I wouldn't be surprised if she wins a Grammy for it. Job well done.",1,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Best pop album so far in the year and third best album overall behind Bjork's Vulnicura and Kendrick's To Pimp a Butterfly. This is truly the best work by Carly Rae Jepsen ever, and it'll be hard to best this one.",1,2,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Best album of the year soooooo far!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"This emotion (i feel it). That's the only way to describe this album. Carly Rae Jepsen is an underrated pop genius. Never Get To Hold You, Gimmie Love, Warm Blood, +the rest of the album are the best ones. This one, and 1989 are the best pop albums from the last 3/4 years.",1,2,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"By far the best pop album released in 2015 and also in recent years. Carly really proved herself with this album, transitioning from the generic pop of Kiss (while still enjoyable,) she moves on to a range of pop styles; from 80's inspired synthpop and disco with some modern pop. An all around strong album, hope she continues on this cycle of focusing more on quality than success!",1,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"Sin duda el mejor de pop que he escuchando en un largo tiempo. Cada cancin contiene algo que la hace imposible de ignorar. La voz de carly me impresiono mucho y me encanto. Felicitaciones en este album que llevo aos en realizacin. RUN AWAY WITH ME. una obra maestra del POP.",1,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"She don't need no masks. She don't need no pretension. That's exactly what she does: bubblegum pop music, and she's doing it BIG! She's really exposing some emotion in this album, I can perfectly feel her girl feelings about life, love and stuff. Congrants on Carly Rae Jepsen for making Teen Pop alive!",1,2,"Aug 25, 2015"
9,"Overall, this is a superb album. I can listen to the songs over and over and they don't get old. The whole album is so cohesive with a great sonic range. This is an amazing modern pop accomplishment.",1,2,"Aug 27, 2015"
10,"all the songs are wonderful, the sounds, the beat, Carly do it great with this album. This can be the most perfect pop album in 2 years. THIS IS GOLD!",1,2,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Pop music masterpiece of 2015 but, sadly, strongly underrated. 'Call Me Maybe' was definitely the biggest song of 2012 but unfortunately labelled Carly's career as a 'one hit wonder', after the subsequent singles released failed to trail 'Call Me Maybe' success and KISS was declared a commercial flop. And that definitely sucks when the artist, that the world lost interest in after 2012, decides to record and release the pop album of the year but doesn't receive much recognition. This album demonstrates that Carly has so much potential of so much more than the one song that captivated the world 3 years ago. EMOTION is a synth-pop gem and, without a doubt, a better pop album than KISS; which wasn't as impressive.
Some highlights would be: 'Runaway With Me', 'Gimmie Love', 'All That', 'Your Type' and 'Warm Blood'.",1,2,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"With this album Jepsen proves she is one of today's best pop artists. Written all by herself, EMOTION has deep lyrics with a fresh 80's sound that makes you want to sing along all the songs. Definitely one of the best albums of 2015, and in my opinion the best one in the Pop genre. It's a pity that, this album and her as an artist, are so underrated.",1,2,"Oct 26, 2015"
9,"The best pop album of 2015. Every single track is catchy as hell. Her character is relatable, fun and adorable. The production is surprisingly cohesive and pays homage to pop and dance music of the 80s and 90s.",1,2,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen has managed to accomplish something Taylor could not with '1989' - fantastic and consistent production.
Pop album of the year, no questions asked.",1,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
9,"Amo a Carly, porm esse lbum no d amiga, salvo trees ou quatro musicas, as outras escuta uma vez, vai pra outra e acabo achando que ja escutei, repetitivo, a voz dela parece chata na maioria das msicas, parece um albm de demos dispensadas pela selena na poca chata dela.",1,3,"Oct  4, 2015"
7,"Wow!! I don't like Carly but this is really good! Best songs are: Warm Blood, LA Hallucinations and the brilliant Gimmie Love! I really really really liked the album so much. Thanks Carly for not doing more 'Call Me Maybe'.",1,4,"Aug 25, 2015"
0,"Com vocais abusando de corretores digitais, e falta de originalidade, Carly Rae volta  cena atual para afundar ainda mais a qualidade do POP. Cheio de msicas genricas e sem nenhuma msica realmente boa, o E-MO-TION no transmite emoo alguma a seus ouvintes (que ironia, ein?). O cargo-chefe do lbum  deprimente, assim como as msicas que o compem, e talvez, isso possa explicar o fato do porqu de Rae Jepsen estar to fracassada nas paradas de hoje em dia. Quem em s conscincia vai ouvir isso? S desejo uma coisa para voc: ME-LHO-RAS.",2,34,"Oct 18, 2015"
1,"Lousy album, the only people who like this crap are girls whose ages range from 10-14. The only reason I didn't give it a zero is because Carly can sing, so if all you're looking for is an album by an artist with a good voice this is the one for you. If want to actually listen to real music, don't waste your time with this crap.",1,18,"Aug 26, 2015"
1,"If I Really Like You was not on this album it would be a zero for sure. I was bored, and the songs kind of sounded the same after listening to them all.",1,25,"Aug 25, 2015"
9,"This album is very beautiful! Overall, i still prefer Kiss, i think Kiss is a more catchy disco album, but Emotion is awesome too! Emotion shows more maturity in lyric content and voice, but there are just one or two songs that i really hate (Clack heart is ugly), that's why i prefer Kiss",0,3,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"This album is good and organized. Best songs: Run Away With Me, Emotion, Boy Problems and Making the Most of The Night. 'I Really Like You' was a mistake.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"The album is light, fun, coesco, above all, intelligent, perfectly recreates the 80s, but not to say that the sound is presented barada and forgettable copy. All tracks are good to the bonus fiaxas !!",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
5,"Emotion gives a nostalgic 80's vibe with unique beats and bright vocals it lacks in conveying a clear and unified message. Songs such as Run Away with Me, and Warm Blood gives a light tone with catchy beats. The song with the album title 'Emotion' is lyrically unique in form and mellow in beat. The songs Making The Most of the Night and Your Type' highlight the beauty and brightness of this pop album. Ceratianly better than Kiss (her last album) but songs such as Black Heart and LA hallucinations fail to be consistent with this bubblegum pop explosion.  Still it is one of the Better pop albums in recent years.",0,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Perfecto, mejor album del ao, en mi opinion, cada cancin que conforma este disco son especiales y haran que te pierdas en su msica. Retomare lo que akguna vez akguien dijo, 'Este album es lo que Taulor Swift no pudo hacer con 1989'.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"I love this particular one!!! The best one yet from Carly!!! My fav. tracks are Run Away With Me, I Really Like You, Gimme Love, Your Type, Making the Most of the Night, Warm Blood... My personal fav. BONUS TRACK is Never Get To Hold You!!!!",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"Very promising. It starts great with Run Away With Me. Best songs in this album include:
1. Let's Get Lost
2. Warm Blood
3. Gimmie Love
4. When I Needed You
5. LA Hallucinations",0,2,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"The second best pop album of the year. If it wasn't for LA Hallucinations, the album would be flawless.
Best songs: Warm Blood, Run Away With Me, Emotion, All That, Gimmie Love.
Worst and only bad song: LA Hallucinations.",0,1,"Aug 26, 2015"
10,"Without competition yet, EMOTION is the best album of the year by far, with its amazing production and Carly's outstanding vocal abilities, this album is pop perfection. Clever, catchy, it blows you away.",0,1,"Oct  3, 2015"
8,"I loved the album because she used many faces and rythms of pop so catchy and fun, my favourite of couse is 'Run Away With Me' because makes me wanna fly",0,1,"Aug 30, 2015"
9,"An amazingly solid pop album full of super catchy songs!!! Carly managed to top her previous album, without just recreating the same thing! With a big track list of 17 songs, each one manages to be different yet cohesive, as Carly works her magic onto them all!",0,1,"Aug 30, 2015"
8,"Even though Taylor Swift 1989's profitability has not waned off, the pop music market has to keep on the moving. Carly Rae Jepsen's EMOTION seems to be its next natural step forward, as it is an album that exploits perfectly a well established formula that everyone enjoys: a glittering synthpop with a mix of eighties' italo disco to notch things a little bit up. Former Canadian Idol star, Miss Jepsen delivers the goods quite effectively and coherently, specially in the joyfully opening track, 'Run Away with Me', and the subsequent 'EMOTION'; a little bit down the road in the catchy, Sia Furler co-written track 'Boy Problems', and towards the end in 'Warm Blood', a somewhat more serious song produced by Vampire Weekend's Rostam Batmanglij. Lyrically, the songs are not brainy: shallow verses that allude to romance, relationships and breakups, problems that teenagers the audience of choice, but not necessarily dwell on. But despite the superficiality, the record deserves attention: Carly Rae Jepsen and the production team she surrounded herself with accomplished something good here.",0,1,"Aug 31, 2015"
9,"This effort by Rae Jepsen is definitely making us firmly believe in her as an artist, more than we ever did. E-Mo-Tion is a combination of great and accessible lyrics, great production,and ,as it implies, a lot of emotion. I dare to say it is one of the best POP records of the year and utterly, the most underrated.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2015"
8,"This album is so much fun.  It's like a blast from the past drawing on the 80's dance scene while still staying true to today's pop sound.  Such an improvement over her last album, that it shines a new light on Jepsen and makes me hope that there will be more great albums from her in the future.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2015"
9,"The best pop album of 2015.There is not much to say.All of the songs are good.With this album she  proves that she is not an one hit wonder artist.It's sweet,catchy and .definitely fun.",0,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
6,"As a whole, the album offers a decent enough package; it's generic pop at it's simplest, and while it packs some excellent songs ('Run Away With Me' and 'Gimmie Love') it also proves to have a fair number of dud's ('Let's Get Lost' and 'Black Heart' as well as the title track) yet as an album it's something which I would happily listen to, albeit skipping a couple of tracks.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
6,"Realmente su msica es buen, hay que admitir eso. Los que pasa es que, no logro que su voz me guste del todo. Fuera de eso, el album es muy bueno, con algunas buenas canciones y algunas otras que dejan que desear.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2015"
9,"I don't think anyone saw an album like this coming from Carly Rae Jepsen. Call Me Maybe was an instant hit, but the rest of Kiss (written in a mere three months) seemed like she would just be a one hit wonder. With E-MO-TION, Carly Rae took her time, even delaying the release by over a year, and it definitely paid off. The 80s production is immediately familiar and engaging, and while this album is certainly not inventive or ground-breaking, it does what it does quite well, and that's really all anyone hopes for from a pop album. There are no bad songs on this album, just pure pop bliss from start to finish. I can't say I had very high expectations for Carly Rae before this album, but I'll definitely be paying attention to where she goes from here.
Standout tracks: Run Away With Me (best pop song I've heard in a long time actually), I Really Like You, Let's Get Lost, I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance",0,1,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"I must admit, I didn't have high hopes for her next album. But it surprised me! It's actually really good and really fun. It's well written and well produced. I love the 80s style here as well.
My personal favourites are Run Away With Me, Emotion and Your Type",0,1,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"GENTE DO CU, ESSE ALBUM  UMA OBRA DE ARTE, SIMPLESMENTE O MELHOR ALBUM DE 2015.
ESPERO QUE A BANCADO DO GRAMMY PERCEBA O QUANTO ELE E DIVINO E DE O TO MERECIDO AOY PRA ELE PQ OLHA.... ELE MERECE VIU. CARLYZINHA GANHOU MUITOS PONTOS COMIGO. EMOTION  SIMPLESMENTE FANTASTICO!",0,1,"Sep 30, 2015"
10,"This is the best album of the year contracted all the sounds of the 80 its sounds his choruses his magical voice , every song is sophisticatedly made with heart and soul, His best songs allucinations , Gimmie love , love again , Let' s gets lost , Run away with me as the most outstanding song for me",0,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
10,"Amazing album. She really impressed me a lot... and that's to say the least. 'All that' is for me one of the very best songs of the year... How come she's been so low profile with an album this good? I don't get it...",0,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
9,"Judged by its cover or its artist, this album might seem like the generic pop album that its lead single was setting it up to be, but it isn't. Emotion is a special record because of its outstanding crew of producers (Vampire Weekend, Devonte Hynes, Ariel Rechtshaid) and its sugar sweet lyricism that matches pitch perfectly with Carly's vocals. This is the best pop album to come out of 2015, and one of the best albums of the year.
Go buy this album. Whether you are a fan of pop or not, there is a moment in this album that'll make you blush, swoon or reminisce about fond memories. BUY IT.",0,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"E-MO-TION  um lbum incrvel. Como uma sonoridade oitentista maravilhosa, canes meigas e um conceito fielmente seguido (desde o inicio do lbum at o fim).  um dos melhores lanamentos de 2015 e merecedor de um Grammy. A Carly est de parabns",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"I love Carly since she released her smash hit 'Call Me Maybe', I saw this girl future, in 2012 she released her album entitled 'Kiss', a commercial album but quality, but nothing to call me so much attention
So this year, she released this masterpiece of pop music, a mix of 'Whitney' with 'Baby One More Time', do not get me wrong, it's like Britney, had released 'Baby One More Time,' with a touch of maturity",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"O que posso dizer sobre EMOTION?  o melhor lbum de 2015, apenas! Todas as msicas tm tima composio e produo, e com os timos vocais da Carly, elas transmitem muita felicidade e positividade. Comparado ao Kiss, podemos ver que tanto as letras como o som da cantora evoluram muito, e ela continuar a melhorar assim. As melhores faixas, para mim, so: Run Away With Me, Boy Problems, Making Most of the Night e Your Type, s para dizer algumas.",0,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"Carly Rae Jepsen's E-MO-TION is really the album of the year! This album is a big improvement for Jepsen since Kiss. It really incorporated the retro vibe! And I liked all the songs! Props for Jepsen on creating this album!",0,1,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Que album, que voz, que talento! Merece muito mais reconhecimento... As msicas muito bem feitas, com uma sonoridade meio anos 80/90. Bem retr esse lbum. Parabns Carly.",0,1,"Nov  5, 2015"
10,"Only phenomenal production alone makes it a 5 star worthy! Quantum mechanics was applied to reach such particle-level perfection, I think! Catchy as super hell.",0,1,"Nov  7, 2015"
10,"This album is great , it makes me back the 80and 90'. Carly has done a great job with this great album. Maybe he has not had the success that was to have but with this album we know that not yet lost the pop touch that is disappearing lately. The songs are great as in the case of Run Away With Me and Your Type they are beautiful songs of the album, and that talk of Didn't Just Come Here To Dance like a song produced by the same Kylie Minogue. This album minimum should be nominated for Grammy awards. The best pop album of the year and even gave that talk.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Simplesmente o melhor lbum pop do ano, com uma profunda base em Synthpop e clima Oitentista, Pode se observar o um amadurecimento vocal de Carly Rae Jepsen, um lbum simptico que te conquista nas primeiras faixas. Faixas Recomendadas: Run Away With Me, Your Type, All That, I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance, Gimme Love. Boy Problems. Faixas Enjoativas: I Realy Like You, Lets Get Lost, Warm Blood",0,1,"Nov 26, 2015"
10,"The best pop album of 2015. Amazing. Deserves a 100. it's amazing how great this is. Pop music done good. It's a shame it hasn't gotten an actual hit because it's amazing.",0,1,"Dec  1, 2015"
10,"What an incredible album. With many influences including 80s pop, Carly Rae makes a huge leap into the right direction. It's extremely well written, produced, and contrived to leave the listener wanting more and more. There is no bad song on this record, and is in my opinion, a strong contender for Album of The Year. Although not commercially successful, the album is completely genius. 'Run Away With Me' is by far the best pop record this decade.
BEST: Run Away With Me, LA Hallucinations, Warm Blood, Making The Most Of The Night, and Your Type.
10/10",0,1,"Dec  4, 2015"
10,"Having the same production as some biggest pop hits of 2015, Jepsen's album is a masterpiece in pop music, having some inspirations in the 80's and 90's pop music, but failing to be a commercial success and getting a few recognition from critics and public as well.",0,1,"Feb 27, 2016"
10,"E-MO-TION, es un lbum fresco, emocional como su propio nombre lo dice. Carly dentro de este nos transporta a un nuevo mundo y exploramos muchas cosas dentro de l. Amor (Your Type, Run Away With Me) Locura (LA Hallucinations, Warm Blood) Amistad (Boy Problems) y mucho ms, en fin es una cspide de emociones y aventuras.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2015"
10,"Pure pop perfection it is. Listening to the whole album is like eating a cotton candy - sweet, young & flossy!
My faves (in order): LA Hallucinations, Making The Most of The Night, Gimmie Love, Warm Blood & Black Heart",0,1,"Jan 13, 2016"
10,"Best pop album of 2015. Making the most of the night, Run Away with me and LA Hallucinations are the best songs in the album. the lyrics are great....",0,1,"Jan 16, 2016"
10,"Oh wow this one snatched me from the root!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop FLOP flop
Yes It flopped so hard that even Kiss makes this one look garbage but hey I love garbage! but that's none of my business Period!",0,2,"Jan 27, 2016"
10,"Aussi surprenant que cela puisse l'tre, Carly Rae Jepsen a propos un des meilleurs albums de 2015. Avec son ct rtro, cet album nous transporte dans les annes 80 d'une manire absolument bluffante.
Coup de cur vident pour Your Type et I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
9,"one of the most joyous pop albums in a long time, EMOTION is to be taken seriously and defies genre standards while being so fun and cleverly crafted it's hard to resist playing it again and again",0,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
10,"best pop album released in 2015!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Mar 24, 2016"
9,"De longe um dos melhores lbuns de 2015. Carly consegue reunir batidas oitentistas que conseguem soar bem atuais e cativam com letras geniais e maravilhosas. Realmente ela acertou em cheio dessa vez, merece o reconhecimento! #JusticeForEmotion",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Este lbum esta incrvel, a naturalidade dele  um ponto a ser observado, todas as musicas parecem continuas e mantem o mesmo clima, surpreendendo ao longo das faixas, realmente  um lbum pra se ouvir varias vezes.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
8,"This album definitely puts Call Me Maybe to the grave. Truly an exceptional pop masterpiece that is worth being contemplated during it's creative process.
Standout tracks: Run Away With Me, I Really Like You, All That, Making the Most of the Night, Your Type, I Didn't Just Come Here to Dance and When I Needed You.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2016"
10,"To be quite honest, I was vey sceptical towards Carly and this album. I assumed she was yet another one hit wonder, but this album surprised me in every way possible. It's catchy, fun and creative. From start to finish filled with such joy and originality. It's been playing non-stop for weeks and I have a new-found respect for her. It's great to see these new pop-artists evolve and make their own music with such results.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"One of THE best albums of this decade! It is incomparable to any other record, including Carly Rae Jepsen's first album. The beats, lyrics and vocals are on point. This is a good, good, GOOD album that you should buy.
The best songs are La Hallucinations, Run Away With Me, Let's Get Lost, When I Needed You and Making the Most Of The Night.",0,0,"May  4, 2016"
10,"In an era consisting of ininteresting albums and artists only interested in making hits, EMOTION stands out and is probably the best pop album of 2015.
Catchy, great production, great writing, great vocals, everything is here. Carly Rae Jepsen proves herself to be more than the annoying Call Me Maybe singer with this 80s sounding album.
This underrated album by this underrated artist is pure pop genius and anyone who claims to like pop music should give it a listen, and quickly become addicted to its catchyness.
Best songs: Run Away With Me, EMOTION, All That, I Didn(t Just Come Here to Dance, Favourite Color, Let's Get Lost.",0,0,"May  6, 2016"
10,"Vicious poderia ser o titulo do lbum, por ser viciante e que evoluo ela teve do Kiss meio chatinho pra essa maravilha feita.
Perfect Singles: Run Away With Me, All That, Emotion, LA Hallucinations e Your Tipe.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
10,"Best pop album of the year by far. Cohesive and consistent, I can't formulate a list of 'the best songs' on the album because they're all so great. Almost a year later and it's still as fun as the first time.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2016"
7,"7.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"inegvel a sensao gostosa de surpresa que a gente tem ao ouvir o novo disco da canadense, famosa pelo hit ''Call Me Maybe''. Talvez seja por isso que ela tenha sido colocado de forma to subestimada, a menina que aqui era colocada at ento como sombra de um grande hit, surpreende e o saldo ao ouvir o 'Emotion'  somente positivo.
Fica difcil no fazer comparaes ao ''1989'' da Taylor Swift, que tambm resgata a base nas temticas oitentistas. Carly, que nos ltimos meses antes de lanar o 'Emotion', escreveu dezenas de composies, inspiradas em grandes artistas dos anos 80 e em contemporneos como Robyn e La Roux consegue nos deixar em cada faixa, uma sensao de uma poca diferente e nostlgica de uma dcada dominada por gigantes como Madonna, Michael Jackson, Prince e Cyndi Lauper.
A aposta certeira da ex-canadian idol se deu na renovao quase que completa dos produtores do seu disco passado, ''Kiss'', e aqui ela apostou em artistas novos e que esto despontando entre os crticos e adoradores de boa msica como Devont Hynes e Ariel Rechtshaid.
A sensao ao terminar o disco  de como as faixas conseguem serem diferentes, criativas, mas sempre conectadas e sem perder o foco e a linha de raciocnio que inspira todo o conceito do lbum.
Um dos melhores discos em essncia pop da dcada, 'Emotion'  sem sombra de dvidas, inspirador e uma grande evoluo pra artista Carly Rae Jepsen, que agora respira em novos ares.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2016"
10,"EMOTION is easily (along with Florence's How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful) the best album of 2015. Carly Rae Jepsen really worked so hard on this record, and the result of this hard work is apparent in each and every track. Not one song feels out-of-place; not one song is a filler track. Jepsen sings about different subjects, in different perspectives, with lyrics that flow through, and a production so slick, it actually hurts. 'Run Away With Me' is easily my song- my anthem- of summer 2015.
Hands down, Carly Rae, your sophomore album was very-much anticipated, and it really was worth it.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"There is something so perfect about this album it's hard to place exactly what makes it stunning. The songs flow easily into one another with an infectious beat or soaring vocals to make every single one memorable. Even the weaker entries are enjoyable and the strongest entries are incredible.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
9,"It's a delight to return to Nellie McKay, after having personally lost sight of her since her national debut Get Away from Me, over which I've been scratching my head since I first heard it - only having rented it once from the library years ago - . Nellie commences here, nicely I might add, with some murky yet alluring 60s songs that are interesting if for nothing more than their wrenching honesty and compelling political postures. From Itchycoo Park to Martha Lorraine, Nellie opens up the field to some more accessible but equally trenchant pop tunes from that turbulent decade. Her Beatles homage 'If I Fell' is a glorious production, and is most likely the most successful Beatles cover I've ever had the pleasure, and honor, to hear. She nicely covers a product of Paul Simon's early genius, and after another nostalgic gem once seemingly lost to time, takes on Frank Zappa with the zest and aplomb one would expect from 'that girl!' who debuted with her raucous Get Away from Me. She concludes this lovely tender effort with the haunting Wooden Ships, which has probably gotten rave reviews from those iconic sea navigators The Decemberists. Whoa, Nellie? No. Keep going, Nellie.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
1,"Please do your research prior to paying money to see this performer. We recently saw Nellie McKay at a concert do her apparent normal litany of protest songs. She seems to be doing a cheap imitation of Bob Dylan with some vulgar and down right offensive shock lyrics. Her songs included covers of anti war Vietnam songs with updated lyrics like '...next stop is in Iran..' (not Vietnam) and references to'...killing towel heads...' and the most disgusting line taunting mothers to '...be the first mom on your block to have your son sent home in a box...' and lecturing the audience about the slave owning oligarchy rigging the system to oppress minorities and women. This pathetic immature self righteous creep doesn't have any idea what stands between evil and innocent, weak people like her unable to protect themselves. She's quite an accomplished pianist when not singing. JUST SHUT UP AND PLAY!",0,0,"Aug  2, 2016"
10,"Nostalgia taps into the soul that Annie's fans have always know she has.  She has gone from being a cutting edge New Wave Artist to a heart wrenching feminist adult contemporary singer.  Now we hear her belting out standards that still touch heart, soul, and yet do not shy away from controversy.  I wa familiar with most every song on the album except for Memphis in June, I Cover the Waterfront, and Strange Fruit.  Memphis in June is infectious.  I find myself singing it in my dreams.  Annie has a way of haunting you with her voice in the most wonderful way.  Strange Fruit carries a completely different, haunting message that we cannot forget.  My favorite track is I Put a Spell on You.  Ms. Lennox delivers the Jazz standard with originality and conviction.  Of course Summertime and God Bless the Child can bring you to joyful tears.  Annie cannot sing a wrong note.  And on Nostalgia she sings every note with southern soulful conviction and pride.  This is definitely one of my favorite new albums this fall.",3,3,"Oct 29, 2014"
10,"One of the best albums that I've ever heard in my life. Annie Lennox's voice is so beautiful and powerful, and all the lyrics that she sings is amazing. I really really really loved this one!",1,1,"Apr 25, 2015"
5,"These songs are sung nicely enough, but like 'Medusa,' it takes on other people's songs and falters in the end.  Annie should stick to her own material. Even 'Bare,' which has a few weak songs, is better than this outing into the world of Billie Holiday - someone Annie has nothing or very little in common with. Some songs are better left alone after they've been sung be a genius.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2014"
10,"This album is expected to let people know how great artist Lady Gaga is, and bring back to younger generations jazz and swing, this album is more than a masterpiece, great melodies, great vocals from both Gaga and mr. Tony Bennett.",31,32,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album will make you fall in love with this talented amazing couple. Outstanding covers of great american classics, easily one of the most pleasant albums.",30,31,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is a masterpiece, surprised a lot of people i can't understand why billboard give a 60 it's a shame. There is no honesty with Gaga some people are not juding the music..,.",28,29,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"'Cheek to Cheek' is more than just Jazz album, it's a music expedition that brought two talented artists from different eras together. We know that Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga sound amazingly well together after they released their first collaboration 'The Lady is a Tramp' for 'Duets II', but this totally different.
Tony Bennett's voice sounds so youthful and full of joy while Lady Gaga surprises us with her incredible vocals. Lady Gaga shows a lot of versatility with every song and Tony Bennett shows the world he still has passion for music.
You can dance to 'Anything Goes', you can fall in love with 'But Beautiful' or cry a river while listening to 'Every Time We Say Goodbye'.
Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga may be the less conventional pair in music, but they made it work better than most conventional pairs in the music industry. 'Cheek to Cheek' by Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga is an unique achievement in musical terms.",28,29,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Thank you, miss Lady Gaga, fabulous album! I miss your show from Russia (St. Petersburg, Moscow). GRAMMY FOR YOU))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))",28,29,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Quality album, showcases both artists' talents and mostly their chemistry together. Their voices compliment each other and you can feel the passion they have put into every song! Great effort from Tony and Gaga.",26,27,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Best jazz album since few nice years amazing vocals of Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett pure perfection. Gaga needs to make more jazz albums - she's really talented abd gifted!",26,27,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Not into Jazz, but Gaga's vocals are amazing and the songs are definitely ones that stay fresh in your mind. Amazing album, look forward to more of Gaga's work.",26,27,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album made me fall in love with Lady Gaga. All the songs are great Jazz Standards, but the interpretation of the artists makes them sound like you've never heard them before. I've shared some tears with these emotional performances. The grandeur of music at its finest :)",26,27,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"Lady Gaga & Tony Bennet are devine together. Their voices match perfectly and Gaga approves once again she's a risk-taker (and she'll certainly be paid off for that record) and nothing can stop her from making great music alongside her now mentor Tony Bennet. I'm really not into jazz but after listening to this record I finally may find myshelf searching on the net for jazz music from composers of this record.",25,26,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Oh God, Ms. Gaga really step up everything with these album! Her vocals is amazing and so as Tony's! Everyone should buy it until it's out of stock in all your favorite record bars! This is a worthy of your money and it will not disappoint you!",24,25,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is more than just the two (tony and gaga) hitting the right notes, it's a collection of all the great jazz songs that the old legends made, and their cover of them is more than amazing. Masterpiece",23,24,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"An album that lends itself easily to repeat listening. Not only does Tony, as usual, perform extremely well on this record, Lady Gaga shows a different side to herself, exchanging avant-garde pop music for toned down Jazz with a 'Gaga Twist'. Both singers' vocals mould perfectly together, Gaga's soaring over the swinging Jazz instruments. Gaga is truly bringing Jazz back for the 20s again.",23,24,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Cheek to cheek is definitly an AMAZING ALBUM where gaga shows how Talented she is. Tony is also great. You should definitly buy it and gift it. ALBUM OF THE YEAR.",23,24,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Very musical, vocal album. I think that this is the best duet this year, I hope their album will be nominated for a Grammy. PRAY FOR THIS, PRAY FOR MUSIC",23,24,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"it's such a fun album. gaga's vocals on point. and tony is still amazing. i really recommend this album  for holidays. m favorite tracks: i cant give you anything but love, nature boy, lush life,every time we say goodbye and bang bang",22,23,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm so obsessed with this album, it made me realise how great jazz music can be. I'm planning to dive into Tony Bennett's discography after the amazing Lady Gaga made me discover this beautiful genre. This album contains songs suitable for every occasion, but the way these talented artists and musicians put their souls into their personal interpretations brings these American classics onto another level. Bravo Gaga and bravo Tony for raising the bar of music once again!",22,23,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Finally a side of Gaga without any crazy outfits or gimmicks, but pure talent, she is very talented singer and writter collabing with jazz legend Tony Bennett trully fits her voice and makes her even more incredible woman she is, this is trully the side of Gaga people need to see, I recommend it 10/10.",22,23,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album really shows off Gaga's vocal skills and Tony is just amazing as always. Personal faves Nature Boy & Bang Bang, she just nailed it.
My favourite Jazz album so far. Gaga showcases her vocals in a way she hasn't done on the rest of her repertoire, and Tony provides a perfect chemistry that make every song perfect. Too bad some people are blinded by their hate for Gaga and aren't going to open their mind, but I recommend this masterpiece to all of them.",20,21,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"One of the best jazz albums to be honest. Their voices are amazing and they made a good collaboration. Loved each and every song And I hope gaga releases more jazz albums in the future",19,20,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm really excited to play this album throughout the holidays. It's the perfect music to play when having guests over. Lady Gaga also sounds PHENOMENAL on this. I had no idea she had a voice like that! Looking forward to seeing what else she comes up with. :)",19,20,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Awesome album * 0 *
In the best traditions of jazz, great vocals Lady Gaga and Tony. Very sensual, elegant, beautiful music
I am grateful to our Lady and Mr. Tony for this diamond",19,20,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"A very pleasant album, with surprisingly strong vocals from Gaga. Tony Bennett remains great even at 88 years old. Overall, an enjoyable record.
10/10",18,19,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"Lady Gaga's voice paired with Tony Bennett is a match made in heaven. There are no lows on this albums. Their talents really shine through in this homage to the Great American Song Book.",18,19,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Beautifully crafted - Lady Gaga shows her raw vocals and brings jazz to a new generation. Definitely a wonderful listen and my favourite album for the year so far.",18,19,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Lady gaga's voice is surprise on this album. Tony's still a legend. Lush life, I won't dance and cheek to cheek are the highlights of this cd. It deserve way better critics.",35,37,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"As someone who has long questioned how genuine a talent Lady Gaga is, I have to say, I was shocked after having listened to Cheek to Cheek. Underneath those over-sized wigs and extravagant outfits is a girl with one very powerful voice! She mightn't have the extensive vocal range some of the other pop stars have, but there is one thing she does have and that is control.
This collaborative effort between Gaga and Tony makes for very easy listening. In fact, I don't think there was a single song on the album that I felt the need to skip.
The combination of Tony's timelessness and Lady Gaga's relevancy makes for quite a potent album! Would definitely recommend!",17,18,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I quite enjoyed this album, much more than I expected to. I'm a 56-year old past-my-prime pseudo-Brit and I have to tip my hat at genuinely fantastic vocals and an overall brilliant selection of great American songs. I hope that I too can manage to receive vocal acclaim for my rapidly declining music, though keeping on topic - huzzah for Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett. I can't wait to get my horrifically deformed hands around a copy!",16,17,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I've always enjoyed Jazz albums, especially Tony's but this is the first time I've been impressed so much. The vocals and instrumentals are stunning, and the strong emotions expressed by the artists will take you to another place while listening to this masterpiece. Easily the best album of its kind.",15,16,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Two talented souls who knows how to sing Jazz.I enjoy this. Bennett and Lady Gaga are educated, smart and creative. I love the their cover songs. I can't stop listen to Firefly, I Won't Dance and I Cant Give You Anything But Love. Amazing. I will listen nonstop throughout the fall and Christmans season and forever. Because jazz is forever.",28,30,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Tony and Gaga are what music is all about, 2 people coming together to share their amazing talent with the world. And this  is my first favorite Jazz album :)",28,30,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"My favourite all time Jazz album, two legends collaborate together. Gaga has such a powerful voice. And the Grammy goes to for the record of the year - Cheek To Cheek.",41,44,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Gaga's and Tony's vocals carry the listener smoothly through this album, an the collection of songs is impeccable. A perfect mixture of joyful easy listening, and serious musical talent, I find it almost strange that Gaga hasn't released a Jazz album before, her voice is perfect for it.",40,43,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is really fabulous! This album deserves so much! Tony and Gaga make a good pair!  You should really listen to this album, Gaga and Tony voices are really soothing! Definitely #1 in my heart!",38,41,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"My favourite Jazz album so far. Gaga showcases her vocals in a way she hasn't done on the rest of her repertoire, and Tony provides a perfect chemistry that make every song perfect. Too bad some people are blinded by their hate for Gaga and aren't going to open their mind, but I recommend this masterpiece to all of them.",63,68,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is more than i expect, this album surprised me positively, Lady Gaga's vocals are very great, and Tony is a great singer, a round of applause !",98,106,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is just amazing. The songs are perfect, Gaga's and Tony's vocals also are on point. Every song is just perfect. It's true that Gaga started with Pop music, but, what she has been singing jazz since 13 years old! The album is pure perfection.",36,39,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Amazing album even if you are not a jazz fan. Enjoyed it much more than i expected, Tony and Gaga sound great together. Anything Goes and Nature Boy are stand out tracks",36,39,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Such an amazing album, it is my favourite album I have ever heard in my life. You are a fool if you do not buy this flawless piece of work. It changed my life and I am considering giving birth to 'Lush Life' thank you so much Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga for saving me with this album of the gods.",24,26,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"It's amazing, i never thought i will listen to a jazz album, this album is awesome my favourite are Bang Bang and It Don't Mean A Thing. Gaga and Tony are a great couple.",46,50,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Lady Gaga's voice is amazing in this album, I always underestimated her until this album but since this I have encountered a new Lady which along with Tony have created what I think is a timeless classic",34,37,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Such an amazing album! Gaga and Tony are the perfect pair.  :)
Cheek to Cheek displays Gaga's natural Jazz ability. I Can't Give You Anything But Love would have to be my favourite  #BuyCheektoCheekoniTunes",34,37,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"TALK ABOUT VOCALS! The album is very vocally powerful! Deserves a Grammy! Gaga really proved that she can sing while Tony proves that he will always be the 17-time Grammy Winner!",34,37,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album has reunited me with jazz music which I have forgotten about over the past few years. Gaga and tony are the perfect odd couple and their vocals are completely on point",33,36,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Amazing album. I didn't think I would actually pay attention to a Gaga album, but I was glad I did after all. Her vocals on these classics are incomparable, Tony is- of course- amazing, but the real thunder stealer for me was the Lady. What an album, I definitely recommend it to anyone who has an ear for jazz, or who wants to enjoy some really good quality pieces.",32,35,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Plusieurs perles dans cet album, je pense  lush life, but beautiful ou encore Nature boy. Certes, la Lady n'apporte rien de neuf au Jazz, mais c'est un album de reprise sans prtention qui rend justice  la voix exceptionnelle de la chanteuse.",32,35,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Gaga's vocals are simply brilliant on Cheek to Cheek, and she works brilliantly with Tony Bennett. Every song is a joy to listen to, especially Gaga's solo songs. One of the strongest releases by a mainstream artist this year.",42,46,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Tony and Gaga have a wonderful chemistry, and it comes through in the songs on this album. Gaga's vocals are superb, and Tony's are just as smooth as they were 30 years ago. This album is full of beautiful and exciting renditions of some of America's greatest music; it's timeless music that can be enjoyed by people of any age. I highly recommend this excellent record to any jazz lover out there. It's a thumbs up from me, and here's hoping we'll see more of these two fantastic vocalists together.",31,34,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"These two come together so beautifully, by far the best jazz album in a long time. Has Gaga revived jazz music? Lady Gaga may have toned down the scale of her performance for the record, but her voice and passion for jazz does a tremendous job of taking centre stage.",31,34,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Quite simply a fabulous album! The chemistry between Tony and Gaga works wonders for the music. It is disappointing however that the original songs they created for the album failed to see the light of day. Still a soaring jazz standard release!",31,34,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'd recommend this album to everyone. I can't think of a person who wouldn't appreciate this complete combination of talent and good music. Everything will be a pleasure to your ears, brain, and heart: the songs, the lyrics, the vocals and the arrangement; whether you need an easy listening song or you want to get emotional.",31,34,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I was a little sceptical when this project was announced because I was scared this would've turned into a mediocre album, but this talented couple completely erased any doubt. This album is full of emotions, talent and great music. If you open your mind, avoid any prejudice against the artists, and just try to feel the music, you will definitely love it.",31,34,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. It shows off gaga's Vocals unlike her Pop albums. I was not a 'little monster' up until now but it might be changing. She is genuinely talented unlike the likes of some of her peers. I hope she continues to show off her pipes. As for tony, he sounds like a seasoned pro as usual",20,22,"Sep 23, 2014"
7,"I'm not that much into Jazz, but I truly like this album.
Even tho Gaga over-sings some of the songs (Anything Goes, Bang Bang), her voice still sounds beautiful. Hers and Tony's voice mix perfectly and make a good jazz album. I'd recommend you to listen to it.",19,21,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Great album. Timeless songs, a true piece of music in the history of music.
Tony and Gaga's voices fit so perfectly together. 10/10. Let's talk about Gaga's vocals, i mean this Lady could really sing.. I've always knew that behind all the weird stuff and clothes an amazing voice was hidden. Now it's finally here.",36,40,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm not a jazz fan myself, but this album sounds so nice. Both Tony and Gaga sound amazing, I recommend it to everyone, even if you're not a jazz fan.",31,35,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"There is a perfect chemistry between Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett. Gaga 's vocals are the best of her career!!! Amazing album. Best jazz album... yas!!!",2,2,"Sep 25, 2014"
10,"This album is one masterpiece, crafted by Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett.
I was never intereste din jazz and did not listen to it  - but since I've heard this album, I appreciate it.
Tony Bennet's and Lady Gaga's voice shine in this album - even though they are a very unusual couple.",2,2,"Sep 25, 2014"
8,"If ARTPOP wants to surprise at any cost, Cheek To Cheek is the quintessence of modesty: a simple cover album, without the need to make jazz more pop, and guess what? It works!",2,2,"Mar  4, 2015"
10,"I think that the most amazing thing in this album is that nobody in this world would imagine that Lady Gaga could be a really powerfull jazz singer. Other thing that nobody would imagine is Tony Bennett singing with her in a full album. Cheek to Cheek came to break taboos and make history on pop music, jazz and - i wish - in Grammys.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2014"
10,"BulletIn and other users in here seem to not appreciate what Gaga and Bennett are trying to do by doing classic songs to the younger generation. Even if these songs have been done many times, the couple makes the songs seem new since our young generation of people twerking and crap songs,Tony and Lad did an awesome job!TOTALLY BUT IT,WORTH IT!",1,1,"Sep 25, 2014"
10,"O lbum tem um tom intimista, algo que lhe faz relaxar e apenas curtir uma boa musica, as faixas foram bem escolhidas e a s interpretaes so brilhantes",1,1,"Sep 25, 2014"
10,"I did not like Jazz and Tony and Gaga made me start to like , I 'm really in love with this album and the staff of Brazil has immense respect for Lady Gaga and are honored to have such an album sale here very happy with the performance and recommend to all my friends and jazz lovers < 3",1,1,"Sep 25, 2014"
9,"Amazing album. Gaga is perfect. Her interpretation of 'Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye it's touching. And Madonna... You don't wanna hear. You don't want to know... But, sorry... You never record some tunes so fine in your whole career. Definetely, she is not you.",1,1,"Sep 26, 2014"
10,"The perfect word to describe this album is satiety. If you tell me you're at a bad time, this album will satisfy you. If the time for joy and ask for something that is contagious, this album will be ideal.
Anyway, for those who did not live in the golden years when jazz was the height of finesse and good taste, this album will be able 'quench' your curiosity and contaminate you with the pace of the gods.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2014"
10,"lady gaga is amazing a KLASDJKASDASDASDASDHASDSAADSAJDSADJHSADQWEUYWQEUYWQUEWQUEUYQWEWQUEUYWIQEUWQEUYWQEYWYQEYUWQIEUQWUEWQWQEWQEWQEWQEWQQWEWQEQWEQWEQWEWQE",1,1,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"The album is very good. The music is made with much love and effort from both singers. Expetaculares exciting tracks with vocals. It is an exceptional adaptation of these old songs.",1,1,"Oct  7, 2014"
7,"The best jazz album of the year, Tony Bennett as always rewriting music with quality and putting on their albums, not that this is a bad thing, because his voice is something that can improve the songs, and accompanied by the voice of Gaga is still rather, it is the first album on her jazz and she did very well. Although there are some songs that cause sleep the album is great.
Highlights: I Won't Dance and Bang Bang
Lows: Nature Boy and Sophisticated Lady",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"I love gaga! Katy perry is flop and 0 grammy winner, she not talented and makes the bad lives when I see. Roar is the bad music in the world! Lady gaga is much better than her! Katycats cry and listem my Gaga is better than you 0 Grammy Winner Diva.",1,1,"Dec 22, 2014"
10,"Gaga has such a powerful voice.Tony sounds great too in his age.Amazing album even if I am not a jazz fan.Nature Boy and Bang Bang are standouts.Masterpiece.",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Mr. Benedetto + Ms. Germanotta = pure perfection. The combination of a crooner-like Tony with over-the-top Garland-esque vocals from Gaga compliment each other so well! If you don't like Jazz or have never listened before, you'll be singing along by the end of the album... after all It Don't Mean a Thing if it Ain't Got That Swing!",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm completely stunned and amazed by this album. I would have never thought Lady Gaga would've ever delivered so many emotions through her voice. She is definitely talented, and that adds to the amazing Tony Bennett we all know. Absolutely worth buying if you want to help good music to rise again.",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"The vocals are wonderful. If you haven't given jazz a chance,  this album is a great listen! I'm definitely keeping a copy in the car with me. Tony and Lady Gaga are a great duo!",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I was apprehensive about how a collaboration between Tony and Gaga would turn out, so I was pleasantly surprised when I first listened to Cheek to Cheek. We all already knew Mr Bennett was talented, but it was impressive to hear how perfectly Gaga's voice suits this genre. Together they are divine. This collection of American jazz standards is one of the best you'll ever listen to. Highlights from the album include Nature Boy, Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye, Firefly and It Don't Mean a Thing. My edition from iTunes came with the bonus track, Bang Bang, which demonstrates Gaga's incredible vocals and is one of the best performances on the album.",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This is the type of music Gaga was meant to sing. This sebum is timeless and classic. People of all ages dill enjoy it! I'm glad that this duo paired up. They have great chemistry.",13,14,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"As much as I love all the spectacle and glamour that she brings to her pop records, it's a refreshingly nice change of pace with this album. I can enjoy the natural shades of her voice and Tony's. They clearly enjoyed singing every song on this album and I especially love Nature Boy or Lush Life.",12,13,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Tony Bennett maintaining his vocal standards, Lady Gaga proudly shines and proves to the world that she has great vocal abilities on this album. Lady Gaga once again proves to the world that she is not just an ordinary pop singer, but a talented one with real vocal abilities. Not only she knows how to entertain her audience by putting on fancy yet fashionable outfits and pulling off a skill demanding choreography, but even when it comes to singing without any auto-tune or voice engineering, she seems to flourish and glow even more. This album is a cover full of standards and we should appreciate Tony and Gaga's effort for reviving the genre and the golden eras it used to have. We rarely listen to jazz nowadays and thank God Lady Gaga made an album with Tony thus introducing the great standards to her young and fans, whilst not forgetting to entertain the older generations who used to be humming these unforgettable tunes.",12,13,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"What an incredible breath of fresh air. Highlights: Nature Boy and I Can't Give You Anything But Love. Gaga's vocals are shockingly beautiful, a real treat for my ears. Make sure you buy the deluxe, Gaga's take on Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye is simply divine.",12,13,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"When I first heard that Lady Gaga would be making a Jazz album I wasn't pleased at all because of the fact that she usually makes pop music. But I'm going to tell you right now, I was wrong. This is a really great album full of classics with a few solos of Gaga and Tony. The vocals are great and you can tell by some of the songs how much fun Tony and Gaga had 'recording together in the studio. My favorites are It Dont Mean A Thing, Anything Goes, Nature Boy, and I Cant Give You Anything But Love. This makes me excited of what's to come from Gaga and has made me a bigger fan than I expected and opened me up to Jazz music, which I was never interested in before.
Side note: I don't find it right that people are on here leaving what they call reviews, but they aren't even taking about the album. There talking about the success of it, which cannot be determined yet as the album has just been released. And saying that Lady Gaga can't sing, you need to get your ears checked. You don't even mention a thing about Tony ? You're just here to attack Lady Gaga , I doubt you've heard the album.",12,13,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Cheek to Cheek is an enjoyable album and no boring as other albums. Gaga is incredible!! Her voice is a treasure. Goody Goody is a funny song especially when Gaga talking to Tony when he is singing. Lush Life.... no words. Cheek to Cheek is a REAL JAZZ ALBUM. Congrats Gaga and Tony. Wish another duet album.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I loved it. Simply loved the album, Gaga's voice is in perfect harmony as Tonny, the 17 tracks on the album are perfect, I Will not Dance is a case apart, perhaps the best of the album. Finally, Gaga can use 100% of your voice, or even more. I smell GRAMMY's from start to finish. Note 10 without doubt.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Gaga showed her power in this album. The instrumental combines with two lovely voices in a perfect harmony. Tge haters never managed to follow the wonder that Gaga can offer. For sensible people, this is one of the best albums of the year.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Really special album. It's definitely one that I will revisit again and often. I love when a mainstream entertain has the talent and versatility to show other sides of themselves. Gaga accomplishes this successfully with Cheek to Cheek and I think many will recognize this for the first time as well.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm not normally a fan of jazz since I spend my time listening to pop trash created by a record label in order to sell and go #1, but this album blew me away. I've never heard vocals like this before, and it makes for a nice, relaxing escape from the goat-belting I'm used to listening to. This album has made me appreciate Lady Gaga more and I'm gonna cut down on trolling Lady Gaga threads on various web forums across the web. In fact, I think I'll go from doing so eighteen hours a day to just ten hours a day.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album isn't just want Gaga & Tony Bennett needed, but what the this generation needed. I'm sure the world has been waiting for a light acoustic album from Gaga and shows off her great vocals. - But Beautiful is a MUST listen.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"wow! that's my first reaction to this very high-class jazz album.
they perfectly gave the covers their own print, which was a delight!
it showed how good Lady Gaga's vocals really are and of course the legendary Mr. Tony Bennett it's really the most ideal cover jazz album I've ever heard.
Frank Sinatra would be proud of Gaga!",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Was very happy to be gifted this album. I was very impressed with Lady's skill at jazz and thought she held her own against the legend Tony Bennett quite well. I hope they continue to work together. As someone not too familiar with Lady's pop works, I will now look into that as well.",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"The unusual pairing of Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga have produced a simply stunning album. They sound absolutely flawless together, especially on tracks such as Nature Boy. This is definitely an album worth buying!",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
7,"Cheek To Cheek is probably the most unexpected collaboration album that popular music has ever seen ! As a huge fan of Gaga, I totally approve her choice to try jazz and her voice fits perfectly with it. To anybody that dislikes Lady Gaga, just forget everything you know about her, listen to this album and be objective about it and about her. Enjoy :)",11,12,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"she may not be at its peak one more thing she has talent and she motra it very well on this album as successful and passenger talent not perfect thisi",10,11,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Lady Gaga's vocal and Tony's voice surprised me. I'm not a huge fan of jazz but this album is really a masterpiece. I'm hoping they are keep making this kind of album, which is what i called real music at this moment.",9,10,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I am cursing myself for having ignored Lady Gaga up to now. She is incredibly talented, but I was paying attention only to the persona and not to her music. Hopefully I'm still in time to explore her discography. As for Tony, need I get into details? He's already proved his legendary status which is still completely preserved. Amazing album.",9,10,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Mas no  novidade nenhuma que a Lady Gaga  a rainha do pop e do jazz. Dona da msica e criadora da vida  assim mesmo, amore. A gente no espera menos.",8,9,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I'm not a huge jazz fan but WOW, this album blew me away.  I truly think this is one of the most beautiful albums released in the past couple years.  Tony and Gaga sound absolutely wonderful together.  Will definitely buy this for many family members and friends.",8,9,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I hope a sequel is released soon because I just can't get enough. Every song is so well done, easily the best album I've ever heard. So happy that quality music is rising again.",8,9,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I wasn't expecting the album to be this good. They did an incredible job! Gaga's vocals really impressed me, to the point where I rushed to buy the album. You can also feel Tony and Gaga's chemistry in it. Outstanding!",8,9,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"After her highly expected, drastic and precipitous fall from the upper echelons of pop music, Gaga has finally found her calling and permanent niche  flamboyant octogenarians. Cheek to Cheek is by far her most understated yet effective record  a musical collaboration with a bankable Jazz legend that easily shines among her heavy spectacle-relying solo efforts.",14,16,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Truly an outstAnding album, that not only showcases the cRafted-to-perfecTion vocals from Bennett, but also highlights the raw, jaw-droPping talent frOm Gaga who shines through the exciting, thrilling ride of jazz classics. You can buy 1, you can buy 10, but what you should do is buy 20, because this is definitely a Perfect Christmas gift.",14,16,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"I would have never ever thought Lady Gaga was such a talented artist. I thought she relied on gimmicks solely to overcome the fact of not being a good musician; I received this album as a gift by my nephew and I'm totally impressed. I feel so guilty for having ignored her for so long, she is one of the greatest musician of the younger generation.",14,16,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Gaga,the big promisse of pop now is the new promisse of jazz
Tony is king,king and just king.
Gaga + Tony = SLAAAAAAAAY
Just listen ad feel that perfection,",7,8,"Sep 23, 2014"
6,"A very mixed-bag to be sure, but Streisand is in very fine voice - and the new arrangement of New York State of Mind with Billy Joel is very, very good. Again, it wouldn't kill Streisand to kick up the tempo, however. Everything she releases now is so sleepy. Remember the Stony End, Guilty, etc. days?",1,2,"Sep 16, 2014"
7,"When I was a kid, I heard Leonard Maltin review 'Yentl' and he said, 'I really wanted to like Yentl, but I just couldn't.'  I never really understood what he meant by that, until I got this album. I really wanted like it - the concept is great, the partners are all formidible - but the tracks and arrangements fall flat, for the most part. None of the 12 songs are nearly as good as the originals, with the exception of 'It had to be You.'
I completely disagree with user - TimInThe808 about NY State of Mind -- I found this new version to be so over-the-top that it's annoying! Additionally, it's the only song where Streisand diminishing vocals are abundantly apparent. A duet of 'Just The Way You Are' would have a better song for Joel and Streisand at this stage in their careers. Streisand hit NY State of Mind out of the ballpark in '77 -- THAT's the quintessential version.  Disasppointed, but applaud the effort and hope this is another #1 album for her.",0,2,"Sep 20, 2014"
8,"While a big fan of Streisand, I have not liked very much from her CD's of late. I found this one to be somewhat of an exception. While it is annoyingly familiar (cue the swelling orchestra from the minute track 1 begins), has some laughable banter (cue the aw shucks lines between lyrics) and is mostly over-orchestrated, it is also incredibly easy to listen to and for many tracks, largely well done. While she has lost certain registers in her voice, she is probably in better vocal shape than 99% of pop singers out there.  Good tracks to note-------Come Rain or Come Shine, People (w Stevie Wonder), NY State of Mind,  What Kind of Fool.",0,1,"Oct 29, 2014"
4,"There is nothing wrong with the voice of Streisand here, but the album fails because of almost everyone else. Every duet makes you long for the original rendition. A major disappointment.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2014"
3,"I don't know about J.Lo's new album and it's kinda sending the wrong message whether it's the same old dance songs or just not enough flavor to bring back her roots as a phenomenal singer in her early days at her signature record company, Epic Records. A.K.A just finally put the nail in the coffin as one of the worst albums of 2014. I listened to the album and it wasn't that even close to greatness. The song choices were disappointing, the artwork is horrible, her new album may be compared to Mariah Carey's ill-fated flop 'Glitter' along with its crappy soundtrack. Look, some of these great artists haven't even get a chance. Britney Spears 'Britney Jean,' 50 Cent 'Animal Ambition,' Will.I.Am's '#Willpower' all have failed. People have been getting old with their success as their albums begin to dwindle on the charts and everything is looking for some new and upcoming acts to follow. Lopez way past her prime but A.K.A should be the end of her music career",2,2,"Jun 26, 2014"
4,"Amiga, no tem como te defender, em ''A.K.A.'' voc comea dizendo que  no  a mesma garota e termina em ''Same Girl'' dizendo que sempre foi a mesma.  A primeira faixa do lbum, conta com o rap morno e totalmente sem graa do T.I., passamos pra ''First Love'' que consegue mesmo que boring, ser melhor que a primeira faixa, talvez por ser uma faixa melhor produzida, but com uma letra totalmente whatever sobre um boy que ela conheceu e acreditava que se tivesse conhecido antes, no teria perdido tanto tempo. em ''Never Satisfied'', JLo acaba contando que no dorme a noite porque tem um grande apetite, ou seja, tirem o frigobar do quarto dela!
''I Luh Ya Papi'' faz valer a pena dentro do lbum, e JLo que j fez excelentes msicas para as pistas como ''On The Floor'' e ''Waiting For Tonight'', consegue com ''ILYP'' nos dar um nimo pra continuar ouvindo esse lbum e fazendo um dos melhores singles lanados em 2014.
A boa sensao de ''I Luh Ya Papi''  deixada pra trs logo quando batemos de frente com as totalmente esquecveis ''Acting Like That'', que talvez consegue ser um pouco mais interessante por trazer Iggy Azalea, ''So Good'' e ''Emotions'', a ltima talvez chamando ateno pelo fraco lirismo assinado pelo Chris Brown, sem nenhuma emoo alm do ttulo da msica, a faixa soa totalmente fake e sem graa.
''Let It Be Mine'' vem com uma vibe totalmente latina e consegue ser boa, ponto pra JLo! Talvez no fim ela at consiga manter uma certa regularidade com ''Worry No More'', ''Tens'' e ''Troubeaux'', mesmo que sendo totalmente sem criatividade, quando nos deparamos com uma faixa chamada ''Booty'' e com um rap do Pitbull que s consegue ser mais previsvel do que uma colaborao de ambos.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2014"
2,"J.Lo edhe nj her nuk arrin t bj nj album mbreslnse pr kritikt apo tifozve , me prjashtim t perl ' Dashuria e par ' Un nuk do t gjeni asgj t mir duke filluar nga baladat paarsyeshme dhe boatloads e artistve duke shfaqur me mezi ndonj rrjedhs t mbaj ato me . Jenny , un mendoj se kjo sht koha juaj pr t ln industrin e muziks pr t mir ! 2/10 :(",1,1,"Aug 29, 2014"
6,"Jlo for me is more of a singles artist, you like all the singles they release but the album themselves are sometimes just meh. A.K.A. changes that, although I only enjoy half of the album, the songs that I enjoy are great songs. The problem with this album is there are some amazing songs but also some really crappy songs. Lopez has stepped up her game somewhat.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2014"
0,"Que lbum horrvel ainda bem que no hitou, msicas horrveis Sorry Jennifer voc ja foi melhor pior lbum e ainda tem gente que diz que ela  melhor que a Shakira que tem todas notas verdes",1,1,"Feb  2, 2015"
5,"Track by track review:
1. A.K.A. 9.5/10
2. First Love 10/10
3. Never Satisfied 7/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 0.5/10
5. Acting Like That 1.5/10
6. Emotions 5.5/10
7. So Good 9.5/10
8. Let It Be Me 0.5/10
9. Worry No More (feat. Rick Ross) 10/10
10. Booty (feat. Pitbull) 2/10
Highlight: First Love
Potential singles: First Love, Booty, A.K.A.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2015"
3,"A.K.A
A.K.A (4/10)
First Love (8/10)
Never Satisfied (4/10)
I Luh Ya Papi (2/10)
Acting Like That (1/10)
Emotions (6/10)
So Good (2/10)
Let It Be Me (7/10)
Worry No More (1/10)
Booty (1/10)
um lbum descartvel, composies podres a nica coisa que demonstra um pouco de interesse nesse lbum so alguns instrumentais",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
0,"Simplesmente o pior lbum de sua carreira, Jennifer parece que perdeu o gosto da msica e ta se jogando muito as farofadas e isso t prejudicando muito sua carreira",1,1,"May 24, 2016"
10,"I was sceptical about this release but it blew my mind and i have had it on repeat since i first purchased it! Dope album with monster hits! well done Jlo !",6,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"There's nothing I can say that can translate how good this album is. Just listen to it. Give it a chance. My favorites are Never Satisfied, Let It Be Me, I Luh Ya Papi, Booty, A.K.A. and Expertease.",4,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Can we all just get over ourselves and just stop bashing JLO. Acknowledge the fact that this is her best album ever since 'This is me....Then'. I mean sure the lyrics aren't her all-time best and her voice is quite auto-tuned, but I am so satisfied with her return to the R&B she was known for. The songs are so catchy and so much better than the ones from 'Love?'. This album is probably the summer album I was waiting for all along; something I can blast in my car with all the windows down. The problem with JLO's music and music in general is the fact that people let the actions of the musician influence their opinion greatly. Music is music and although the person making it aims to define herself/himself in a particular way, you shouldn't let that get in the way of how you perceive and enjoy the music. JLO has created something fun and  immensely entertaining, and that's what music should be about. This is an epic album.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"After the EDM experience with 'LOVE?' album, Jennifer Lopez returns to her urban roots on 'A.K.A.'.  Differently of her previous studio work, 'A.K.A.' presents a mature Lopez in a sophisticated and modern sound. Despite songs as 'Emotions' and 'Never Satisfed', that would fit better in a deluxe edition of the album, 'A.K.A.' has all the necessary elements to please her fans and public. The titled track opens the record in a infectious beat while Lopez sings followed by T.I.s verse, showing a Jenny from the Block who fans and people wanted back. The record also represents great and well produced R&B jams as'Acting Like That' and 'Worry no More', along with summer-ish pop pleasures as 'So Good' and 'Expertease'. The highlighs are due to 'Let It Be Me', a kind of spanish guitar and latin influenced ballad with a beautiful melodie and vocals never explored before from Lopez; 'Troubeaux', a track which reminds the great hip hop classics from 90s full of quality and a great old sample behind it; and 'TENS',  where a totally difrferent J-Lo offers a gay-oriented club banger and promising dance hit. On her 10th album, Lopez definitely joins a bit of all her past works, in a surprising pleasant music journey.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Her most  Inspirational album since the best one this is me ... then.  I'm bowing down to the most inspiring, hardworking and accomplished women i know. its a masterpiece in this trashy pop industry.",10,13,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is the most pleasant musical surprise i had all year!
Lopez after serving dance anthems like 'On the floor' and 'Dance again' returns with an album that dares to risk but also keep every element that made JLo successful in the first place! First of all it's an All-Stars effort and it shows! With producers like Detail, DJMustard, Max martin, Roccstar, Diplo, Harmony etc and featuring artists like T.I. , Iggy Azalea, Rick Ross, Nas and Ptibull the album just 'screams' quality! Even Sia penned the excellent 'Expertease'! It is a mix of RnB / Hip Hop and Pop elements but very cohesive as a whole and with great flow.
The opening track is 'A.K.A.' where she declares how she can be many things and she closes the album (the deluxe version) with 'Same Girl' in which she says that despite all this she is still the same girl. It just comes full circle in a way and it shows. From hard RnB tracks like 'Worry no more' and 'Acting like that' to pop masterpieces like 'First Love' and 'Expertease' and from timeless ballads like 'Let it be me' and 'Never Satisfied' to uptempo bangers like 'Booty' and 'Tens' Lopez shows real artistic growth and will for experimenting!
Personal highlights:
- Booty (a monster urban club banger!)
- Let it be me (a gorgeous stripped down ballad)
- First love (a Max Martin pop masterpiece)
- Acting like that (the hardcore Iggy duet)
- So good (the best feel good production i've heard in a while)",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is great, she proves that she can sing, and she has talent, I class in the Top 3 of my favorite albums of JLo. I love it ! ''Let It Be Me'' is amazing, her voice is very beautiful, it's an album for all tastes.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. Every song has something that keeps you wanting play it more and more. Album has so many genres so everyone can find something for himself. Lyrically she did a great job!",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"great urban album, with unfluences of all her albums. a very personal and mature record, with emotionals and sexy moments. maybe her best album. buy it now! you won't be disappointed",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album so far. The album has a genuine Urban sound mixed with pop and well used synths. JLo delivers beats over beats in an album that you will probably not skip one single song.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is probably her best album to date. Every track is solid and it has great consistency all the way through. Applaud to JLo for making an album I can listen to all the way from beginning to end!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,": Flawless production. It's one of these songs that you really want to play it again and again. I find T.I.'s verse a little bit boring! First Love: Still love this, but I feel like it loses the shine in all these R&B masterpieces. Never Satisfied: Amazing song, but I still love live version better with lower tone! I Luh Ya Papi: I luh this song. Acting Like That: I **** love the lyrics of this song. Sick production and the idea for Iggy involving was really brilliant! Emotions: I think it's one of the best song of this album. Maybe her vocals sound too weak but I'm in love with the melody of the song. I closed my eyes when it started. The bridge is just A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! So Good: And, yas! Jenny from the block is here. I feel like J.Lo of 'This Is Me... Then' is back! It's SO GOOD! Let It Be Me: 'Brave', 'Como Ama una Mujer' and 'Rebirth' to a song. It would be easily one J.Lo classic song. I'm really slayed with the lyrics! Oh, my... this song is incredible! Her vocals >>> Worry No More: Perfect production. No need to say anything else. I just wanted a great bridge to be perfect! Booty: One of the catchiest songs from throughout her career. It can be her next 'On the Floor'. Tens: Work, **** Slayage. Icon. Pure perfection. AMAZING, SICK SONG! Troubeaux: It gives me 'Problem' teas and some sound of 80's/90's! The lyrics of Nas' part are just out of this world. haha Expertease: I love Sia's work for this song! For some reason I find this GREAT. Same Girl: Wait, they really butchered this. French's part needed a new production. Plus his backing vocals are too annoying. It sounded great at concerts. Finally, it would be great if they kept the solo version.",3,4,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"Jennifer Lopez never disappoints. And definitely lives up to being an Icon which was the award she won at the Billboards. This album is a must have. And EXTREMELY UNDERRATED. Don't listen to these reviews you will love it!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Really good album! It will please all the fans from JLo. The urban lovers have A.K.A., Acting Like That and a good old school track 'So Good' which is the perfect genre for JLo. She doesn't forget her dance fans with the infectious party anthem BOOTY which has to be a hit this summer! I really like First Love and Expertease which are great pop tracks with a good production. TENS is a stand out track because it's very different, I like it a lot! This album is clearly a grower and you need to listen it a lot to like the work JLo put into!",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"her best album yet!!!! its so good and you can really feel she put herself really into it,it has beautiful ballads,r&b songs and more! its just a masterpiece",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"In Jennifer Lopez 8th studio you will listen everything that made the Latina superstar become a music sensation 15 years ago. Jennifer Lopez delivers effortless pop songs and Hip Hop influenced tracks with heavy production that shows perfectly the album itself - it's a heavy album, with club bangers, sometimes it sounds aggressive, but it pleases and touches deeply in ballads such as 'Let It Be Me'.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album suprised me so much. Jennifer went back to her urban roots but managed to still satisfy anyone's taste, whether it is pop, latin, hip hop, dance, r'n'b, it's a masterpiece that conatins an amazing mix of all these music types. Qhoever loved the hit 'ont he floor' will love 'booty'. What I like about the album the most that songs like booty or tens are made with humor. don't be so serious, let's have fun and just dance. on the other hand, ballads like emotions or let it be me gets you goosies and makes you even tear up. I love this album, it's not just a must have for the J.o Fancollection, but also a must have for everyone to know about the tough grown up Jennifer.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I was very sceptical before I listened to this album. I distanced myself from Jennifer Lopez due to her music becoming bad. By bad I mean too EDM. Secondly her personal 'love' life.
But finally she let go of all the bad things that made her bad. Jennifer Lopez is back. She is indeed the same girl she used to be at the beginning (JLo, This is me... then, Rebirth). Her music is better than ever. This album proves that Jennifer Lopez has good taste when it comes to collaborations and that R&B and Hip Hop is the perfect genre for this Latina. Only from listening to the tracks on this album you can see her moving and dancing in her very own unique style. It's just this whole JLO persona that shines through with this album.",7,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her Masterpiece. There are so many great songs in this album, beautiful ballad (Let It Be Me), super catchy dance track (Booty). One of my favorite album of the year.",6,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
8,"Her best one since 'This is me.. then'. More RnB and less EDM. The only awfull song features Pitbull (surprise...). Good songs: A.K.A, First Love and Acting like that (feat. Iggy Azalea)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best albums J.Lo has released. It has some great production and it's kind of a throwback to her old R&B/urban sound. She did a great job. I'm crying with 'Let It Be Me', this is so beautiful.",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I've been a big fan of Jen's for years now and this has become my favorite album out of them all! I love mostly every track, they're all so diverse from ballads like the amazing 'Let It Be Me' to up-tempos like 'Booty'! Don't listen to the haters, Jen is the hardest working entertainer in the business and deserves more acclaim! I'm sure there is a little bit of everything for everyone! The only song I dislike is Worry No More, everything else is so unique! :)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"I never wanted to give this album a zero. While listening to the record, I was waiting for that moment where one -Just ONE- impressive song would come up and explode and make me like the album.. But unfortunately that moment never came. Since when does T.I. outshine anybody with his sucking rap? Well he surely outshines JLo on the title track. Since when does Lopez reach out for fillers like Rick Ross or French Montana to make songs with them? Why isn't 'Booty' nearly as half as good as the Pitbull-assisted 'On The Floor' or 'Live It Up'? This album feels so rushed and irritating. Sorry JLo, this whole record is a miss. A big one. 0. NOTHING.",2,3,"Jul 19, 2014"
10,"It is a good album, definitely better than Love?. She went back to urban and that exactly what I have wanted for years.
My favorite are: First Love, Acting Like That, So Good, Let It be Me, Emotions, Booty, Tens, Worry No More",2,3,"Jun 19, 2014"
0,"Her worst album, without a doubt, I would give a 3 stars for the best music (I Luh Ya Papi?).
The rappers are bad, the songs doesn't take advantage of J. Lo great voice.
The beats and lyrics are uninspired, even songs like Booty and Ten, which are supposed to be dancing, gets boring when it comes to the chorus.
Anyone who gives this a 10 score is just overrating it.",2,3,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"Oh God I can't believe this is jlo!!!!! I'm not a big fan of her music but one of my best friends is. She gifted me this album and I was shocked,really. She has improved a lot. I still can't believe she can deliver such a great track as LET IT BE ME. her voice is just amazing on that track. And this album is the one that you just need two time to listen and then most of the songs grow on you. She has a track called EMOTIONS that when I first listen to it I was like no wth is this?! But on second attempt ITS NOW MY FAVE TRACK. all in all I equal this as rihanna's RATED R . Really great and mature.",5,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"A.K.A. is Jennifer's most solid work since This Is Me...Then released back in 2002. This album marks Lopez's return to her R&B, soul, hip-hop roots with a little bit of pop. Great melodies, exquisite production from Roccstar, Detail and her long time producer Cory Rooney. A.K.A. is a perfect blend of TIM...T and Rebirth. Album flows smoothly, starting from the title track, an R&B/hip-hop smash and ending with classic JLo sound on 'Same Girl' feat. guest star French Montana. Beautiful ballads like 'Emotions' and 'Let It Be Me' show Lopez's voice at its best. The album most controversial track because of its title 'Booty' can a a hot summer smash if released.",6,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album yet; has great songs like Expertease, A.K.A., Let It Be Mine and others. You can feel JLo's musically grown. This is great album.",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"The best album of 2014 and her best from her whole discography!! It really can make a person fan of hers.
MUST LISTEN:
Acting Like That (Feat. Iggy Azalea)
So Good
Let It Be Me
Booty",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"JLo is reinventing herself constantly and when you think she's not in a place to push herself further she releases this amazing album. She has finally stepped out her comfort zone of bubble gum pop songs. Songs like Booty or Worry No More or Acting Like That just show off what she can do that you didn't know you were even expecting. Highly recommended.",4,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Honestly, I was very surprised when I heard the snippets on iTunes. I expected another dance, EDM, RedOne cheezy produced album, but after downloading it I was even more surprised. The production is amazing, sounds expensive, beats go hard, melodies and lyrics are stunning (minus Emotions and I Luh Ya Papi). Jennifer vocals improved a lot, and she proves it in a Grammy worthy ballad Let It Be Me. This is an old school JLo (Rebirth, This is me then) with a modern twist, more agressive attitude and so much emotion. Welcome back, Jenny, we missed you!",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Jennifer Lopez has done it all. From Dancing to Movies, To fashioning and Music. After 15 years of music, Lopez delivers her most complex and interesting album to date. Although the album will no please new listeners, it's clearly an accomplishment for JLo standards and will definitely receive heavy rotation on her fans music players.
The album has a nostalgic feel and a few jams: Songs that on purpose reminisce her old hits.
The biggest highlight on the album is the Diplo
Assisted track 'Booty', with an infamous beat that will take days to get out of your head.",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
6,"A.K.A. Es el septimo album de Jennifer Lopez,el cual tiene puntos fuertes como  First Love (bombazo pop, producido por Max Martin) o So Good (cancion pegadiza que explora nuevos sonidos para JLo) y puntos bajos con canciones insignificantes como Worry No More o Acting Like That (junto con la talentosisima Iggy Azalea).",2,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"O lbum tem a melhor balada feita desde Can't Believe (This Is Me) j vale cada centavo que voc pagar. Jennifer fez um lbum que  literalmente sua cara. Destaques para Let It Be Me, A.K.A, e Booty",1,2,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"I love this album! I've always been a big JLO album and this album did not dissapoint. It's full of really fun songs and good ballads. I think it's one of the best releases this year and one of her best albums.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
7,"A few 'flop' moments however the overall album is quite good with the strong tracks overcoming the weak ones. Did dislike the remix of 'Same Girl'. The original track is better..",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Easily the best work from J.Lo since This Is Me... Then. THIS is what the fans want - Urban J.Lo is back. The only disappointment is Never Satisfied - the live version was way better, and Same Girl remix - French Montana totally ruined the song. But other flawless tracks make up for that.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Wow, this album is truly amazing and Jennifer really shows her artistic and vocal growth, i will never understand the hatred some have for this woman and by the looks of it reviewers didnt even listen to the album, in my opinion she is one of the most talented entertainers of our time. Highly recommend AKA, especially to the urban audience.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"A.K.A. no  um lbum ruim, mas tambm no  o mximo. Jennifer conseguiu fazer um album diferente dos seus anteriores, que tinham musicas somente feitas para vender. Mas mesmo assim, Jennifer erra em algumas msicas, como nas letras. Ainda assim  um album bom de se ouvir. As melhores so a faixa ttulo, Let It Be Me, balada com vocais muito bons de Jennifer, e Booty, surpreendentemente boa. No se esperava muita coisa por parte de Pirbull e Jlo!",1,2,"Sep  8, 2014"
0,"Jennifer Lopez's glory days are over. Her songs are getting lavish and her videos are getting boring also her career is failing and she should start investing her money cause her JLO act is about to die.",1,2,"Feb  5, 2015"
0,"If you enjoy visiting the dentist and the sensation of getting your head drilled into, then this is the album for you. Seriously, don't buy this album or any songs off of it. You will seriously regret it.",3,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
1,"Uninspired album. There's no real cohesion or sense to it. She used the same old formula that she used for JLO or and this is me then, the new twist, she had to include her knowledge in men, to make the gay community to buy her album. 'TENS' or  'I Luh You Puppy''.
Jennifer is not inventing anything, just serve a reheated old JLO stuff made at the 2000 and late sauce.
Good point it's not heavy CLUB PoP oriented. We can't say EDM cause she never really was an EDM artist.",5,15,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's so Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible this album.",2,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Great album! One of the bests from JLo. This time she gave us more urban/rnb songs, but still we have a bit of pop and dance. Production on this album is absolutely the best and Jen is out-singing herself in a beautiful ballad called Let It Be Me. Welcome back, JLo !",1,3,"Jun 18, 2014"
0,"Jennifer has not been the same since 2003.  Her songs are all odes to her previous work.  Nothing is new.  Well, except her actually trying to song.  Her voice is way too shrill to attempt any type of ballads.  I must say though.. you can always count on Jenny to hop on the latest bandwagon that's for sure!",3,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
3,"I tried to like her new album, but it was not what I thought. Ridiculous lyrics, melodies only helped hide the logic.
'I feel so good, 'cause i don't feel bad' WTF, we know you to be happy, but why write that ****
One thing also, the album has so many interests, nor does it seem the main artist of his own album.
To not give 0, I give this note.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's a trash,it's a sucks for it seems incredible partnerships on the album are better than herself.The lyrics of songs are entirely infant,none of the songs on this album have chances of being a hit.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"Is the worst album I've ever heard in this year,in this record jennifer lopez shows up insecure and who still needs to find a place in the music industry.Contrary to what people say she is not a diva.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Best album from J Lo! So many great club smashers, jenny from the block anthems, and slow love songs. Loved every single song! My reccomendations are Worry No More, A.K.A, I Luh Ya Papi, First Love, and Booty. Had a lot of fun with the album!",0,1,"Jul 13, 2014"
8,"I love that her album has eclectic mix of urban, R&B, Hip-Hop and Dance. This is her better album than 2011's 'Love?'. And her vocals are better although a bit weak at times but that's not a problem when the production's tight. Buy this album and you won't be disappointed...",0,1,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"Entender o motivo de a Jennifer Lopez ser uma das maiores celebridades na atualidade deve ser difcil para quem no acompanhou a carreira dela desde o comeo. Ainda mais complicado para quem a considera uma cantora e atriz, no mximo, mediana com pontos altos, baixos e alguns baixssimos em ambas as carreiras. Analisando friamente a trajetria de J.Lo se checa a concluso de que so trs os fatores para compreender o sucesso dela: carisma, 'tino' para os negcios e, o mais importante, a capacidade para ser uma verdadeira 'entertainment woman'.
Para quem j viu alguma entrevista ou at mesmo a atuao de Jennifer no American Idol saber que ela passa uma atmosfera extremamente brilhante esbanjando carisma capaz de transcender a cmera chegando ao pblico. Ajuda muito que aos 44 anos de idade, J.Lo ainda ser uma das celebridades mais belas da atualidade. Ao longo dos anos, a filha de porto-riquenhos construiu um verdadeiro imprio com a ajuda de bem sucedidas linhas de roupas, perfumes, uma produtora de filmes e sries e o endossamento de vrios outros produtos. Porm, o grande trunfo de J.Lo  ser uma das melhores performances que h no mercado. Vocs nem precisam gostar dela como cantora, mas tem que admitir que quando ela faz uma apresentao no h comparao para quase ningum. Danarina experiente (e como dana!), Jenny domina o palco de maneira poderosa e, vrias vezes, magistralmente deixando no chinelo todas as novas divas do pop. Ento, mesmo com o fracasso anunciado de seu novo lbum, vocs realmente acham que a Jennifer est assim to preocupada com o flop? E, olha, que A.K.A. nem  um trabalho to horrvel como esto falando por a.  apenas bem mediano.
Tentando restabelecer seu sucesso comercial e ao mesmo tempo voltar para suas razes mais hip hop e R&B, Jennifer Lopez conta a produo de alguns nomes que esto crescendo no meio como Youngblood e velhos conhecidos como Benny Mendina e Cory Rooney. Infelizmente, mesmo delimitando sua sonoridade, o resultado final de A.K.A.  uma coleo inconsistente e, em vrios momentos, fracos de canes que no ajudam a cantora a reerguer sua carreira. O problema no est na sonoridade, mas em como essas msicas so produzidas. Muitas faixas aqui (e olha que o lbum s tem 14 msicas em sua verso deluxe) parecem estar apenas para encher o lbum enquanto as faixas boas no chegam ao ponto de serem realmente boas. Nunca conhecida pela qualidade das composies que canta, Jennifer Lopez est cercada novamente de letras de cunho questionvel e qualidade bem mediana, agravado pelo fato que em vrios momentos elas nem ao menos so comerciais como  o caso de Acting Like That em que  se perde a oportunidade de usar a artista do momento (a rapper Iggy Azalea) para fazer um possvel hit, mas que acaba como uma cano fraqussima e bem sem graa. O mais interessante, porm,  que o melhor quesito de A.K.A. so as performances de Jennifer. Sempre criticada como cantora, por causa da sua voz pequena, J.Lo mostra uma evoluo grande ao mostrar solidez e classe, principalmente, em momentos mais romnticos como  o caso da surpreendente boa Let It Be Me. O mais incrvel  notar que a melhor msica do lbum vem de outra parceria com o rapper Pitbull: a divertida Booty, a nica com potencial verdadeiro de ser um hit comercial. Outros bons momentos so o single First Love, a divertida I Luh Ya Papi e a danante Tens. Mesmo com o fracasso de A.K.A. no duvide da capacidade de reerguer-se e reinventar-se da Jennifer Lopez. Afinal, a msica  apenas um dos apndices de sua carreira.",0,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"It's great. Her vocals, songs, lyrics. Lyrics are written subtle.  It's mix of R&B, pop and hip-hop. The balance is great like always J.Lo does. Screw the critics. At least Billboard knows what to do. Best album of 2014.",0,2,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"Great songs, great lyrics, great vocals, great emotions, overall a great album with great music. i highly recommend this album to all of Jennifers fans and haters.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"not a fan but i do believe that this is one cohesive album that contains alot of lyrics that anyone can relate!! One of the albums that really shows how JLO has grown as an artist and a vocalist!!! the album is full of emotional ballads and pure RnB pop and club bangers!!! Buy the album it will not disappoint!! it flows easily throughout its entirety and you just flow with it!!!! amazing songs and electrifiying beats!!!! A.K.A Is amazing!!!! I am not a fan nor a stan of jennifer lopez but i might just become one!!!",0,1,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"I Love Jennifer Lopez, i love her upcoming album, she's a complete artist, and she loves her fans so much. She works for her fans, not for charts. I prefer JLo floping and continue giving attention to her fans, no putting albums and singles on #1 ever, and forgetting the importance that fans have for her. She need not criticize people or swear, singing indirect in music to succeed. She don't need Grammy, only her fortune worth any rough indication of Grammy.",0,1,"Jun 27, 2014"
9,"The negative reviews just seem to be people that don't like Jennifer Lopez at all, so they cannot fairly rate this CD when they are biased from the gate.  I am a big fan of Jennifer Lopez, but I can honestly say she has had bad CD's, for example Brave and This is me...Then.  They had a couple of hits, but the rest of the CD was *yawn*... boring.  However, I honestly like this new CD A.K.A.  A lot of these songs have got stuck in my head, they are that catchy.  There is variety, and the songs have Jennifer Lopez showing her vocal range.  There is one ridiculous song though that I skip right over, track 11, something about a runway, it is SO weird.  Everything else though, is awesome.  And people need to stop hating because she has to adjust her style to the latest trends, DUH, that is just common sense to keep up with trends.",0,1,"Aug  3, 2014"
8,"Pra min que no sou f nato da JLO, gostei bastante desse lbum, em comparao com os outros acho ele superior, porm ele tambm possudos msicas meio mais do mesmo.
As preferidas: Same Girl, Worry No Morre, Emotions
e So Good",0,1,"Mar 26, 2015"
2,"Es Bueno, pero no tiene calidad, los ritmos son sosos, muchas colaboraciones innecesarias, canciones aburridas, y ademas un fracaso comercial... Hay JLo Hay que mejorar",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
7,"I have to say J.LO really surprised me with this album. It has A good beat and it is very well Produced. The vocals may be not the best but still a great album. I am very disappointed that this album did not do well with the charts or sales. I recommend people to listen to this album especially if they like Pop/R&B Songs
My score:
1. A.K.A. 8/10
2.First Love 9/10
3. Never Satisfied 6/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 5/10
5. Acting Like That 5/10
6. Emotions 7/10
7. So Good 7/10
8. Let It Be Me 8/10
9. Worry No More  7/10
10. Booty 7/10
11. Tens 8/10
12. Troubeaux 7/10
13. Expertease (Ready set go) 8/10
14. Same girl 7/10
overall:70.7",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
8,"Comprising a blend of familiar standards and George's own compositions, the tracks are given lush reworkings and together with Phil Ramones production, float serenely towards you. Having heard most of what is included here before, I am still engaged by the album and for George Michael fans at least, it is a compelling and valuable addition to the library. There are not many artists that have the style or talent George has and its showcased to great effect here. My favourites include the Terence Trent Darby penned Let Her Down Easy, perhaps for its relative freshness as much as its beautifully sparse piano/string arrangement. The band and George also get to stretch their legs on Feeling Good giving a mid album lift to the set. Negatives for me include the production on some of the tracks where a push on the upper frequencies has left the vocals sounding a little sibilant - I am being picky though and I have noticed this on George's material before, so maybe he just likes it like this. As a whole it errs on the safe side and as I have already said, there is not much here that will be unfamiliar to many listeners. Having said that, its an enormously enjoyable listen shot through with beauty and feeling from one of the most talented artists we have.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2014"
10,"This is a fantastic album and he not only looks better than Michael buble but sounds better too, check it out for yourself. A brilliant entertainer and singer.",3,3,"Dec 27, 2013"
10,"Robbie's back with the swing music, and here we can see a lot more of Robbie himself. The other one was more of him paying tribute to legends of swing. Fantastic and consistent.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
9,"Most of songs are written by the artist himself and, as usual, very personal. Playing with haters, fatherhood and other situations this sounds very fun and consistent, some songs like 'Shine My Shoes' are just brilliant. The vocals are way better than his 3 previously works too.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
5,"I love this type of music and the 'standards', so I have no problem with listening to yet another version of 'Putting on the ritz'. I also think Williams has a genuine love for the music and he does it well.
What I dislike (a lot) are his lyrics. The man is a smug egomaniac.  We are served massive doses of how hard is the life of a billionaire pop star, because the media take too much interest in in sexual orientation and his weight. Those are 'real' problems, not ours.... Thanks for sharing Williams, but you can rest assured: I care nothing about the way you look and who're you banging. I just listen to the music and try to ignore the words.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2014"
8,"Coming from Dion, the album was obviously going to be good and it does. The problem is I don't feel like she's giving out anything special. The sound is a little bit too mainstream, even for an artist as mainstream as her. It's very entertaining, but I was expecting a climax (which I did not get). Still money well-spent though.",1,2,"Nov 28, 2013"
9,"A current sound, dramatic and exciting, without a fuss, but great, maybe one of the best album since Dion's  A New Day Has Come released in 2.002. The best in years!",0,1,"Nov  5, 2013"
9,"She has succeeded at updating her sound without alienating her fan base or sounding forced. This something that many of her contemporaries have failed at.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2013"
10,"The album is impeccable. Even not being a success, shows how powerful she is. She's still alive my friends... alive and brilliant!!!!!  I love you Cline!",0,1,"Jan 16, 2014"
9,"More raw in sound than any of her previous released, 'Loved Me Back To Life' soared, and it had so many empowering tracks on it, including 'Breakaway' and 'Incredible.'",0,1,"Jul 16, 2016"
9,"Celine Dion sempre foi (e sempre ser) um cone. Eternizada por diversos hits ela traz um lbum com uma sonoridade deliciosa de se ouvir. De cara as 3 primeiras faixas j fazem voc se apaixonar pelo CD. Com timas batidas, produo arranjos, letra e, claro, voz, o lbum de fisga da primeira at a ltima.
Uma pena ter sido ignorado por premiaes, todavia serve para mostrar quo valiosa Celine  ao mercado fonogrfico. Definitivamente um dos melhores.",0,1,"Jun 12, 2016"
0,"This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
This is crap!
Awful sound and outdated crap ****",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
7,"Tom Jones na 'Spirit In The Room' zamie",0,0,"May 31, 2012"
5,"Tom Jones has had a long and nearly legendary career, reinventing himself time and time again over the decades in his bid for relevance. And he has done remarkably well. A cartoon icon of the sexy sixties, he's the last man standing of his Easy Listening contemporaries.
But music has changed - not just in style and tempo, but in connection. Jones predates the Singer/Songwriter, and has made his career singing the songs of other men. In the past, his range, bombast and verve has carried him through. With 'Spirit in the Room,' however, the veneer has been stripped away enough to expose his disconnection with the material.
The notes are there, the presentation is there... but all too often, it feels like he's singing phonetically in a language foreign to himself. The emotional underpinning of the songs he covers here feel unsupported; they are words to music without resonance in his soul.
They are acoustic Sussudio.
I have heard this album - this style - compared with Johnny Cash's later works, and the comparison is valid, And, at 70, it is understandable why Jones would vector his career in this direction. But Cash was a songwriter, and knew as well as any real troubadour the connection between the story and the heart. Where Cash could internalize another man's song and transmute it to his own, Jones is only able to present it. He presents it well - but presentation alone is not enough to make this release anything more than a novelty in his catalog.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2012"
1,"After seeing Diana Krall at Radio City Music Hall and listening to her music at my wedding, I waited for her concert in Miami April 2, 2013 with great anticipation. The concert was very disappointing. The cartoonish silent movie background, the out-of-place fiddler, the excessive number of band numbers, seemed all part of a design to mask her own unremarkable performance. Her singing was pathetic, and her piano playing was lacking. The song selection assured that her voice would not be heard, and the Neil Young and Bob Dylan songs (the two worst male singers in recent times) were certainly challenging for her (insert sarcasm). Before the marriage to a mediocre 1980's pop/rock artist, Diana Krall's stage presence and artistic performance were magnificent, however, his influence has overshadowed her artistic aura and she has become less an artist than what she once was. The concert was not a Diana Krall performance, it was a contrived show that made a mockery of her and those who went to see it.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2013"
10,"I love Nelly Furtado. She is a real musician. She writes her own song and can play the guitar. I love her style. Every record means a different genre. First Pop with 'I'm like a bird' @dharma: Yes, its NOT Fly like a bird. Then she tried folk pop and rock. After this RnB and HipHop. 2009 she made a Spanisch album. On her best of she tried dance. Now you can listen to everything on 'The Spirit Indestructible'... 10 points for a real artist-",3,3,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"Much better than that s**ts called 'Loose' and 'Mi Plan'! Without Timbaland and the spanish language, Nelly shows she can still make good music! My rating would be a 6, but i give this album an 8 because she released new stuff without copying what she had done in 'Loose' or 'Woah! Nelly' or 'Folklore'.",2,2,"Sep 20, 2012"
9,"Not very commonly we see a mainstream artist like Nelly produce an album which talks about life, its problems and  inconveniences (and also amusements) such as this. The Spirit Indestructible is a consistent and pleasurable album that finds its way to stand out in a crowd where the rest is pushing the audience (us, listeners) to a much simpler and un-reflective music. The singer can not only make the listener enjoy 'good music' but also put him/her in a contemplative way throughout its tracks. In comparison to what Nelly has done over the years, the album is a 'cleaner' sound, but yet with Loose's beats and Folklore and Mi Plan's cultural references. Impressive achievement.",2,2,"Sep 23, 2012"
7,"'Nelly presents a clean, fresher and different album [The Spirit Indestructible]... Its a great return to her, with her signature folk influences, but with all the wacky instrumentation (in 'Spirit Indestructible' and 'Big Hoops' for example), it feels unfinished.'",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
8,"This is a fantastic, original album. The work is obviously personal and written without the interference of 'producers' who wreck the majority of stuff out these days.  A few misses on this album, purely from the experimentation but on the whole the beats are superb!! Recommend Waiting for the Night, Miracles, Believers.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2012"
5,"Easy review: The album is divided. First half is to die for, second half will make you puke. Don't get me wrong, I L.O.V.E. Nelly Furtado, but she got lost in translation on this one.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
10,"Nelly didn't need the current trend - and worn - of the U.S., to create a good album. Sounds original, different and exotic, and without doubt the best song of the album is 'Believers (Arab Spring)'.",8,9,"Sep 20, 2012"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've listened in ages, bought the deluxe edition, heres my review of the tracks, out of 5 stars",6,7,"Sep 24, 2012"
10,"Nelly Furtado is always trendy and creative. She delivered a well-consistent album which can make you understand what is REAL music! Unlike other pop divas such as Rihanna who can't write their own songs + with no musical talent.",5,6,"Sep 20, 2012"
10,"This album is really good. Furtado is mixing a lot of musical styles, but it's done really smoothly and 'effortlessly', which left me feeling that TSI is very coherent album. This could be achieved only by someone who is writing and producing her own songs (and unfortunately really rare in nowadays pop). Pros: main theme of the album, Furtado lyrics, from songs: High life, Miracles and Believers. Cons: sometimes beat is a little bit too overwhelming (eg. Parking lot). In general: highly recommended.",6,8,"Sep 19, 2012"
9,"It's Been 6 Years in The Making from Her last English Language album The Global chart topping 'Loose' And the latin Grammy winning Spanish Language Album 'Mi Plan', Now Nelly Furtado Is Back With An Inspirational-Friendly Punch In The Face Album The Masterpiece 'The Spirit Indestructible' I Will Take The Risk of Saying This Is Defiantly 'Album of the Year' material , The album starts off with the club banging Big Hoops (Bigger The Better) while the reviews and critic for the song were mixed, i Myself find it quiet  Annoying and Cool at the same time, The 2nd track on the album  Spirit Indestructible While I find Uplifting and Inspirational i still feel that it should have got more work done on the track production wise and nelly's vocals, but on it all it's still a good track, The 3rd track 'High Life' featuring Hip Hop Newcomer Ace Primo is said to be Ms.Furtado's favorite track on the album, while the 'La La La's' are cute and the track talks about people who wish fame and fortune and Sometime not everything is shine and bright as it seems, i still didn't find the track to be the Wow track On the album, Now to My Picks for the high lights of the Album, the track such as 'Believers, 'Waiting For The Night', 'Miracles','Bucket List' and 'The Most Beautiful Thing' Are Eargasim and make The Album Classic Nelly Swagg, I Give The Album A (B+) Good Job Nelly!!",2,3,"Sep 19, 2012"
4,"Curioso o novo lbum da Nelly Furtado se chamar 'indestrutvel' quando na verdade  um lbum 'frgil'. Devo admitir que fiquei um pouco triste com o resultado final de The Spirit Indestructible j que havia certa esperana aps o lanamento do primeiro single Big Hoops (Bigger the Better).
O grande problema do lbum  que ele tenta ser conceitual jogando uma pomposidade na construo das canes que no final das contas faz com que Nelly parece deslocada, chata e pouco pedante. O que deve ter acontecido  simples: ela achou que a parceria com o produtor Darkchild poderia render mais que apenas uma boa msica e fez dele o principal condutor The Spirit Indestructible. Um erro grande j que at outros produtores parecem perdidos como o timo Salaam Remi. O lbum fica preso a essa tentativa de parecer mais do que  de verdade apesar de ter uma tima produo de engenharia na elaborao de arranjos. S que a maioria parece datada e arrastada demais. Claro, se houvesse composies mais fortes tudo poderia ajudar o clima, mas a falta de substncia emocional deixa a letras rasas. H vrias tentativas de colocar algo a mais no sentido das composies, mas nada muito relevante aparece. Nelly no tem um desempenho vocal ruim, mas sua voz meio que se perde em tanta grandiosidade sem foco. O mais ncrivel  que o lbum comea tima com as duas canes que o abrem: Spirit Indestructible (resenha a seguir) e o j falado Big Hoops (Bigger the Better). S que depois qualidade cai e nos e levanta mais. S quando a cano Cry, bnus da verso alem, surge  que temos algo realmente bom mesmo sendo quase um b-side do Ray of Light da Madonna. Para piorar a situao, The Spirit Indestructible est flopando de maneira gigantesca que d muita d da Nelly. Contudo, h uma coerencia nos lanamentos de lbuns em ingls dela: o primeiro foi sucesso, o segundo flop, o terceiro sucesso e agora flop. Quer dizer, podemos esperar um prximo lbuns seja um estrondo, mas s espero que seja tambm em qualidade.",1,3,"Oct 19, 2012"
9,"This album has that 'magical feeling'. Though the production feels misguided and heavy-handed at times, overall it makes you longing to listen again.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2012"
10,"Although it's not as amazing as the multi-platinum previous album of hers 'Loose', 'The Spirit Indestructible' is the first album in months that I actually am amazed by. The sound is very different from mainstream pop music that we've become accustomed to hearing. She actually sings about things that do not involve dying young or 'putting your drinks up and partying all night like it's the end of the world'. NO. She goes beyond that and you cannot help but appreciate it. 'Spirit Indestructible', 'Waiting for the Night' and 'Parking Lot' are amazing songs that you will come to love after a few listens. Overall, the album is a piece of work that stands out and I am not going to stop playing it in my car day after day anytime soon.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2012"
10,"It should be a crime this album is so underrated. Surely one of the best in her career! Nelly treading into new territories, traveling and experiencing new genres from R & B to current pop, still flirting with the pop-rock on some tracks. Deserved a resounding success.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2012"
5,"Nelly Furtado seems to be destined to be a one hit wonder. Her first single 'Fly like a Bird' is so infectious and good that her other efforts seemed to be lesser in quality.  After completely reinventing herself in her previous album, which was brilliant by the way, Nelly went back to her root, which is more in the vein of 'folk pop', leading to mixed results.  If you are a fan of her, you wouldn't be disappointed.  Others, buy this album with caution.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2012"
10,"The music mixes the unpredictability of Whoa, Nelly! and Folklore with the more 'aware' dance-pop of Loose with super surprisingly fun, cohesive, and effortless-sounding results; her lyrics are at once the most simple and profound of her career, reaching into the spiritual depths of her oldest material while taking a cue from the new so that absolutely nothing sounds laborious; and, finally, the range of her voice is explored and hits notes and lingers on melodies I never fully believed possible from this artist. This is the centerpiece of her career, from an artistic standpoint, and exactly the kind of album needed in these times. True to its name, it's often transcendent and bravely attempts return music to those things that matter most, instead of simply what sells the easiest. It's no wonder it hasn't been received better (not much this great ever is).
Nelly proves, in spite of certain stumbles along the way, that she is the most relevant and important pop artist at work 13 years running.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2013"
7,"This is Nelly's 'Ray of Light'. It's ike Kylie's 'Impossible Princess'. It's not contemporary nor EDM. It's a perfect balance of heart and soul. Reviews are low probably due to it's lack of logical single choices. Big Hoops is clearly one of the lesser tracks. Miracles would have been more suited for the job of lead single.
Memorable Things: Diary Entry+Waiting for The Night, Miracles, Bucket List, Thoughts, Believers (Arab Spring)
Things to skip: The Most Beautiful Thing, Don't Leave Me.",0,0,"May 19, 2013"
7,"This is one of the most curious mainstream album from a mainstream pop artist I've heard so far. It is experimental. That speaks for itself: some songs can be easily enjoyed, others need some more listening to get through.
Surely, collecting all of the bonus tracks on the various editions is rather tricky but definitely worths it, given the fact that some of the best are there ('Don't leave me', 'Skylight', 'Hold back').
Highlights here are the amazing 'Bucket List', 'Spirit Indestructible', 'Waiting for the Night', 'Big Hoops (Bigger the Better)'.
Weird, personal and not-so-easy, yet intriguing.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2015"
1,"how are people talking about how hard he worked? he doesn't play a single instrument? i gave this album a listen, to see if he was progressing. this is the usual pop slop that shoots out of the pop industry and into spoon-fed hands. the usual producers, the usual beats, just aiming for financial excess. how hard he worked? please. even under the songwriting credits, he has 3-6 additional writers per song. this kid is 18 years old, and big ups to him for the success he has accumulated, but this is no masterpiece. this is not hard work. reading the '10' reviews of this album is really hard to stomach. i am completely down with fun albums, the dancefloor, what have you. but this album and the bieber 'sensation' just screams lifeless industry product, i.e. boring.",17,26,"Jun 22, 2012"
10,"Bieber's second album does not disappoint. He showed immense growth with this album. The songs are very mature and the quality is very good aswell. This album is going to convert so many haters into fans, or even beliebers. It's a pop album with heavy influences of R&B and Hip-Hop. Best songs would be 'Die In Your Arms', 'Maria' & 'Right Here'.",26,55,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"Girls find another artist to listen too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fjvmfjvjfvfjvjgjg jg jrg jrojjfjnfvnjifvnjifvin3rfinvfinfin3rbinr3",2,2,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"This is a great merciful crap! It really suck mi dick, sucks the dick of anyone, theez reli zuk, I will crusj Gaystin Gayber if it releases albums again",1,1,"Nov 28, 2015"
1,"Pergunta rpida:  melhor levar um tiro ou ouvir o no lbum do Justin Bieber? Se voc acredita que a dor de um tiro  mais suportvel que a dor causada no ouvidos por escutar o pssimo Believe, acertou.
Devo admitir que fui com o corao aberto e a minha opinio sem amarras com pr-conceitos para avaliar melhor o trabalho que  visto como o divisor de 'dolo adolescente' para 'adulto'. S queria saber em qual mundo o trabalho realizado em Believe  divisor de alguma coisa. S se for de 'cantor teen com algumas canes at boazinhas' para 'cantor teen que acha que est evoluindo que s canes ruins'. Se antes o pop teen conseguia casar bem com a personalidade de Bieber agora a coisa caminha para um caminho estranho e precrio. Na maioria do lbum, as batidas seguem de dance, pop, eletropop e com alguma coisa de R&B que parecem a resta do almoo de ontem. No h uma grama de criatividade ou mesmo de vergonha na cara de copiar qualquer um que faa sucesso com o estilo. A falta de personalidade que o caminho de produtores do ao trabalho  de impressionar. Se no fosse pela voz de Justin, as canes poderiam ser de qualquer um. E por falar em voz: Justin est crescendo a olhos vistos. Isso  fato, mas a falta de habilidade para achar seu tom certo  grave. Ele no sabe se procura um toma mais grave (onde ele se sai melhor) ou aposta nos falsetos (onde ele  pssimo, ainda mais quando tenta subir mais o tom). Uma regra para esse tipo de trabalho  a parte da composio que normalmente se torna mais madura, mas aqui parece que retrocedeu. Se antes era feita para meninas de 13 anos com treze neurnios, agora a faixa etria caiu para 11 com apenas o Tico e Teco.  srio: poucas vezes vi juntas composies to rasas, clichs e bobas. Entre todas as canes de nvel precrio onde ele no decide se quer ser o Usher, o Enrique Inglesias ou a Britney Spears (All Around the World  a copia de Till the World Ends), existe algumas coisas boas para serem faladas. A melhor cano de Believe (disparadamente)  a baladinha Catching Feelings acompanhado com uma boa base indo numa direo mais R&B. Num lbum onde a mais audaciosa musicalmente  Boyfriend, no podemos esperar muita coisa, n? Outro momento 'interessante'  seu desabafo contra a menina que falou que ele era o pai do seu filho em Maria j que a tentativa dele soar com o Rei do Pop em Billie Jean conseguindo o momento mais 'profundo'. H outros momentos no to pssimos em Be Alright e Believe, tocas seguindo algo mais intimista. Do resto, nem vale comentar. Eu at acreditei que ele poderia evoluir, mas foram apenas falsas promessas.",8,10,"Oct 22, 2012"
0,"Oh God, my ears! I'd rather clean a hundred toilets clean with nothing but my tongue than listen to the garbage that this kid produces. It just goes to show that a million tween girls CAN be wrong.",9,12,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"AGAIN?!?!?! This moronic, idiot Bieber needs to stop creating crap music. Those dumb critics overrate his trash. Beliebers are also crap! Avoid this album as well as his other albums and the idiot himself. He even got detained by the cops!!! Lol.",3,4,"Mar 16, 2015"
2,"i never hate bieber for me he was just a popish teenager but with believe it proves to be his worst album so far, not because of the music, its the lyrics designed for little girls who aren't smart enought for one direction",11,15,"Jun 26, 2012"
0,"Is this a joke? This album is average in everyway(but look at him in the front cover... he is so cute), and he didnt even wrote this album.   This is just another  mainstream, manufactured album(and JB himself) to roll in big bucks from adolescent girls",9,13,"Jun 26, 2012"
3,"Better than his first two attempts but still falls flat. He has a good voice but that is the only good thing i can find in this album. I didn't review his last two or even listen to them because they were obviously aimed at 9-15 year old girls. But i heard this album is for anyone who can appreciate a good pop singer/song writer. Besides the fact that he didn't write most of this material if that, he may have wrote none but i'm not sure. The melodies and chords are all very simple but is expected in pop nowadays, this isn't necessarily a bad thing it makes for an easy, light listen but when the lyrics are this bland and all the songs don't differ it won't hold your full attention for the whole album. This is just the record companies way of keeping all his younger fans while also trying to reach older girls, which i won't condemn them for but it just shows that this album is not for me or any guy or any girl over the age of 19 should i say. I'm not saying listening to it is annoying or torture but besides the fact that it's not awful i can't find a reason to give this a positive review.",6,9,"Jun 27, 2012"
1,"Ok, I'm 17 years old and I've nothing against teenager making music, but this is almost unlistenable! There's too much autotune and he doesn't even use his falsetto well. There are a lot of boys and girls of his age that make better music, but they're less famous: go listening to Hayley Westenra's old CDs and you'll know what I mean!",2,3,"Aug 31, 2012"
0,"Tan linda una musica con voz de marica al frente......................................................................................................",2,3,"Jul 19, 2013"
5,"Well, I decided to listen to Believe after all the positive reviews claiming that it will 'convert so many haters into fans'. It's safe to say I'm more of a hater than a fan, but I objectively listened to the album, and I'm still not convinced. There is really nothing that sets this album apart from any other contemporary release in 2012; it's all standard pop gubbins and studio trickery to me. The production is nice, clean and doesn't detract from Bieber's voice too much, which was suprising. Speaking of which, Bieber's singing is nothing amazing. Maybe he can sing, but this album doesn't serve as proof for that. The lyrics are definitely a weak point of the album; some of the rhymes are just plain silly ('Chillin' by the fire while we eatin' fondue' - what?!). Overall, there ain't a lot to get excited about here. It sounds like every other chart album out there to me, but since it's a Justin Bieber, his many fans will no doubt flock to this and proclaim it 'the greatest album ever' or 'perfect'.",12,20,"Jun 21, 2012"
3,"This album is...I don't know what i could say, because with 10 songs less it could be an awesome ep, by the way,  its a completely piece of garbage for say something , because it's not the auto tune the only problem, is the meaningless  lyrics and superficial beats and rithms that make this album one of the worst of the entire year, good luck for the next biebs.",9,15,"Jun 24, 2012"
0,"Terrible album. Nothing good about it. Just your typical crappy bubble-gum pop album, no originality, no replay value, NOTHING!! Bieber can't sing, dance, rap, play instruments, etc. He's overhyped and overrated. He'll fade away like some of the other crappy kid pop singers.",9,15,"Jul  1, 2012"
0,"Ok here's my opinion... I listened to all of them and it was just as bad as all of his other albums. Yes he finally hit puberty and he's not 'gay' (which isn't an insult) or lesbian like the usual insults all the haters give him. But honestly this album was bad I listened to all of the songs and all of them sucked, like every time... I wanted to tear my ears apart... but I must say I didn't want to do that when I listened to 'All Around the World' that song had a little bit of meaning into it and the lyrics weren't as bad... but his voice was the usual. I also didn't mention that he sounds like pedophile which is quite annoying. But overall this is just another crappy album for annoying and obsessive teeny boppers, mainly 9-15 year old girls",3,5,"Jul  6, 2012"
0,"the boy should be ashamed. and so should everyone involved in the creation of this; you will likely finish listening to this album in a terrible mood. Don't put yourself through that.",5,9,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"Oh my God, What is it ??? Please Justin, stop your music, I BELIEVE that you are just a teen's phenomen but not a singer or musician and don't believe that you are an artist.",5,9,"Jun 25, 2012"
9,"Listening to this album you get the feeling Bieber aint goin anywhere. He brings soul to dance music, pop to hip hop, creating an album that can not disappoint. His use of different genres just shows how well rounded and creative his mind is. This album is perfectly Bieber. It defines him as an artist and not just a teen wonder....without making it seem like he grew up too fast. His voice has only gotten better with time. This is definetely an album to buy and cherish for decades to come. Congrats Biebs, you've proved yourself 1000 times over with this one.",5,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Despite Bieber's main audience being females, Believe proves to be a step up from his past albums. Believe is a pop/R&B album and does it well. There are no filler tracks in the album. The production and Bieber's vocals are top notch. Is he coming close to the title King or Prince of Pop? No, but this album is good and would be a worthy addition to any collection. Of course, some people won't look at this album because 'Bieber is just for girls.' Which is hardly true anymore.",9,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"every track is mass produced and lacks origninality. Justins producers have clearly just taken other work of commercial success and cheaply replicated it",5,10,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing. There's a lot of mixed songs, and they all mean something to him. He has worked so hard on this album. It has been late night andearly mornings. He's been so tired, but if you have REALLY listened to the album, you can hear that the good work has paid off. congrats bieber.",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This is by far Justin's best album. I love the partial crossover to other genre's that it has and how mature it is in comparison to his earlier work. His music is no longer 'embarrassing' to listen to nor would someone be criticised for being a listener had it not been a record from Bieber. Overall, the album is amazing and I expected much less than this. Why is everyone praising the album but giving it a '0'? Anyway...",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Such an amazing album. He's really talented :) thank you for that beautibul album, hard work pays off, I am so proud of you. I love all the songs. Love you Justin!",4,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
3,"",3,6,"Jun 23, 2012"
10,"Absolutely amazing, voice is beautiful. This album is going to convert lots of haters, don't really have a favorite song as they're all so good! Well done Justin",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I love the strong vocals, mature lyrics and catchy beats. Justin's image is becoming more mature without being inappropriate His songs are still okay for all his young fans to listen to while older fans can relate to what he sings about. I love it.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin, album is incredible! Songs are so soulful, sensitive and this album is completely YOU! Proud! Beautiful music, strong but soft and warming vocal, feelings, energy, love and warm from your big heart... This is Happiness!",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is absolutely amazing. im not big of a fan of the Biebs but this album is full of hits! nice job. i hope more songs will be relesed soon. my personal fav are Thought Of You & Be Alright.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Best album ever. Justin slayed itt. He worked really hard on this album and his work definitely payed off. Every song is different in its own way and Justin added his style to each one. Love it",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Great pop album which proves his vocal abilities and transition between teen boppy sensation to mature young adult. Definitely, the album of the year. Such a good look for Justin. Best tracks: 'Take You' and 'Right Here' no doubt. I approve this being GRAMMY WORTHY.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe shows how much Justin grown up, he isn't  an adult but he still isn't the same 15 year old guy. His voice sounds perfectly and all those songs reflect the human being behind the 'teenie-sensation' Justin Bieber. At all Believe is incredible and one of the greatest album ever.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is really surprising. his music changed a lot. this album is amazing. his voice, the music just everything is perfect. you can really hear how hard he worked for this album!",3,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"This album is...I don't know what i could say, because with 10 songs less it could be an awesome ep, by the way, its a completely piece of garbage for say something , because it's not the auto tune the only problem, is the meaningless lyrics and superficial beats and rithms that make this album one of the worst of the entire year, good luck for the next biebs.",2,4,"Jun 24, 2012"
6,"The Canadian teen heart throb's second album is possibly the most beautifully sang, yet cheesiest album written in 2012. Its sound ranges from R&B-pop to dance-pop to generic teen pop. Despite its cheesy, almost senseless lines (as said above), second single 'As Long as You Love Me' spotlights the maturity of Bieber's vocals whilst backing that up with irresistably catchy dubstep-influenced R&B beats, however, Big Sean's verse is the cheesiest line on the album ('Trust/Us/Things I can't spell without 'u''). In fact, Bieber out-performs every guest vocalist on the album; even Nicki Minaj, who despite using Bieber's girlfriend as a reference, refuses to step up her game. The album will make Beliebers fall in love even harder, while hopefully helping haters turn their eyes to a new celebrity target, such as One Direction.",2,4,"Aug  4, 2012"
0,"bad album is the worst album of 2012 believe is such a ridiculous and patetic album is a copy of justin timberlake and 0 is much for justin bieber is very very bad",2,4,"Aug  8, 2012"
0,"DOHHH!! NOT AGAIN!! WHY WON'T JB stop singing like crap? This moronic,idiot,crapdump face has returned from jail, singing crap again. Avoid this album AT ALL COSTS!!! P.S. Beliebers are crap. I would shoot JB with a watergun filled with pee. Lol!",2,4,"Mar 17, 2015"
8,"Even though I wouldn't take it to the list of best albums ever, it's still a pretty good album. It's difficult to write a review of the album overall, because it's like two albums in one CD. Here goes a track by track review:
1. All Around the World (feat. Ludacris) - 10/10 - Party music used to be his weak point, but this is a pretty good track. If he keeps that up, he will sure please people with his music.
2. Boyfriend - 7/10 - Nice track, but he could have done it without the rap and the lyrics disappointed me.
3. As Long As You Love Me (feat. Big Sean) - 8/10 - The chorus is the best part. His vocal performance at the verses may disappoint a little, but it's not the worst thing in the world.
4. Catching Feelings - 7/10 - The instrumental track is good, but its lyrical content makes it worth a mixed review.
5. Take You - 8/10 - The complete opposite from 'As Long As You Love Me', the verses are good, but the chorus disappointed a little.
6. Right Here (feat. Drake) - 10/10 - Quite enjoyable track, specially because of Drake. 7. Fall - 3/10 - Its lyrical content is like that of any average song, and its instrumental track, specially in the chorus, is very annoying.
8. Die In Your Arms - 10/10 - One of the best tracks in the album. The lyrics may be somehow shocking for it being a Justin Bieber song, but I don't think it has anything your kid hasn't seen before.
9. Thought of You - 9/10 - Pretty enjoyable track, specially the chorus. I can't give it a 10 because I don't think the verses are good enough. They are good, but not good enough for me to give it a 10.
10. Beauty and a Beat (feat. Nicki Minaj) - 10/10 - It's one of that tracks that get stuck in your head. It has a beat anyone can enjoy, specially if you like parties.
11. One Love - 9/10 - Good track, even though the robotic sound in one part of the chorus is a little bit annoying.
12. Be Alright - 10/10 - If you like ballads, then that's a perfect track.
13. Believe - 9/10 - Nice melody, but its lyrical content makes it worth a 9.
Deluxe edition tracks:
14. Out of Town Girl - 1/10 - Its lyrical content is just so silly and its beat so annoying. Worst track in the album. Who actually cares if she's an out of town girl, Justin?
15. She Don't Like the Lights - 8/10 - Love in the lights is just the typical day of a celebrity's life, so I think no one would identify with this song. But anyway, it has a nice beat, just that the lyrics are not very inspirational.
16. Maria - 7/10 - If you know the whole story of Mariah Yeuter, then you can perfectly understand the lyrics. It was a pretty creative idea, but honestly, this song didn't surprise me, specially its beat.",1,2,"Jul  8, 2012"
0,"He is a scum of society, his 'music' is an ear cancer, (s) he's very arrogant, treats fans like dirt, these teens consumers of crap, these children are girls with **** scratching with this marginal (I mean just people who believe this garbage, Idol as if it were a god), this **** Ain't Nobody's role model. This **** does not favor anything in music culture. Just to hear a song made me sick and ashamed. (if this noise pollution can be considered music), is an embarrassment to 62 points, it just shows the low cultural level of the people.",1,2,"Jan 27, 2014"
0,"Horrible, deberan coger cada CD/pelcula/poster/etc. de Bieber y quemarlo. Ser lo mejor para su vista y odo. Aparte, este niato cada vez se est auto destruyendo ms, acabar muy mal...",1,2,"Jul 10, 2014"
0,"'Believe' me when I say Justin Bieber is a talentless loser. If not for Usher, Bieber would be working at McDonalds. Believe is Bieber's worst album to date. He gets worse and worse with age. Justin Bieber's Baby become a viral hit for being terrible just like Rebecca Black's Friday, Soulja Boy's Crank That, and Psy's Gangnam Style. Only bad songs become viral hits. Justin Bieber's 15 minutes of fame are almost up and he will become a washed up loser like Lief Garret. He'll be constantly in and out of rehab and constantly getting arrested and getting ridiculously light sentences. Bye Bieber. The next stop for you is Celebrity Rehab.",1,2,"Sep 11, 2014"
0,"ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao ayy lmao",1,2,"Jun  8, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely great. His transition as a musican is really fascinating. And his vocals sounds finally manly and very variated, the beat is catchy and many great collaborations. And the fact that he has been fearless with this record reflects good on him. He has explored different genre and managed to pull them off successfully. Impressive.",9,19,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this shows how far he has come, I think this album is going to do VERY well and its definitely his best album yet, it shows his maturity and how he isn't always going to be that 'baby' singer, you may not like him, but you have to admit that this album is amazing and is going to convert a lot of haters",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin's third album (yes, I am including Under The Mistletoe) is bright, energetic, and surprisingly eclectic. I was beyond delighted as I worked my way through the album in one listen and I did not dislike any songs. A lot of the songs are dance-y, yet not the typical club fare. They remain in Bieber's main style of romanticism or introspection. They are not melancholy, so if drama and angst are your style, then this is not your album. Bieber pours joy and sincerity into his songs the way most of us just breathe.
I am going to use the dreaded word and say that, yes, it is a more 'mature' Bieber. This is evidenced not only in his voice, but the still-increasing strength of his vocals and their flexibility, and the sheer amount of musical styles. I could care less about the featured stars as I feel they are non-essential to his songs. He has sung most the feature songs acoustically, by himself, in concert, and they sounded just as good or better than the recorded versions.
I thought I would have favorites as I listened to the album but I don't. It's the mark of a great artist when they create an album that you can listen to non-stop without becoming obsessed with only a couple of songs and instead you obsess over every single one. Almost every single song could easily become a radio chart-topper if only they didn't dislike him with an unnatural intensity. He has more to offer than most of today's modern-day drivel.
You can't know how good of an artist Justin Bieber is unless you actually listen to him first.",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
9,"Biebers talent had never been on question. And after this cd people of all ages can now finally become Beliebers. I'm 19 and love this album. Of course there's gonna be a couple of songs that are just too poppy and over-produced but if you can get past that you'll love listening to this",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe: Probably the best thing I've heard. It shows how hard he's worked. And that he has evolved into something new. The song 'Believe', which was for the Beliebers, was amazing and brought tears to my eyes! BELIEVE GETS A TEN",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Other than all the people that find this album to be 'pop trash', I say that this is a new step for Bieber and his career. Having major artist collabs and MJ style of music makes this album on of a kind in his music. It shows the growth path of him growing up from his previous albums like My World (2.0.) Yes, I believe you could do better, but this is a stepping stone. Everybody just needs some push. I'm sure he'll get there. I mean just look, I'm positive he has most girls wrapped around his finger(;",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"AMAZING! I love his new sound! It definitely isn't what I was expecting! He has made a range of incredible songs and i love every single one! They all have insane beats or soothing and touching lyrics. LOVE IT!",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
0,"This album does not disappoint its a new sound for Justin and shows are more mature side to him and he represents what he does well by showing variety within his vocals this album has converted my friends into beliebers. The best songs in my opinion are 'thought of you', 'all around the world' and 'beauty and a beat' and the overall best in my opinion is 'die in your arms'  but there is not a single track that I do not love.",4,9,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is amazing and really shows that he worked hard on it. it amplifies how his voice has changed and that he still can sing amazingly. this is his best album yet",11,25,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Belive is great album, it really shows that Justin put his heart on it, all the hard work and everything. Some songs are really inspiring like Believe itself. I think he shows a really mature style and voice, but still the teenage he is.",6,14,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I got to say i am actually impressed with this album , i always bashed the kid for everything he done in the past , but i think he really pulled this one perfectly . But i still think his fanbase is annoying",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Justin's album has shown how he has grown into a older boy. He doesn't have a little boy voice he is very matured and this album shows. If you dont like the album don't listen keep up the good work Justin",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album will push Justin",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"WOW! Im so happy with this CD its perfect in so many ways. Justin will always be my inspiration and my bby. The beats and the lyrics are amazing and he has some great artist featuring on this CD. Hopefully ill be able to meet him someday. BELIEBER FOREVER.",3,7,"Jun 19, 2012"
9,"The title really helps! This record is remarkable! Justin Bieber at his 18 yrs is always guilty of the lack of music from JT, and the unfortunate fact that MJ is not with us, the pop music has been reigned by women the past decade and men has been living under Michael's shadow.
Bieber is stepping out his game with this record, he still a teenager finding himself and his sound, influenced by his idols, we find variety in the record, that pleases a large community. Keep the good job! We will for sure believe.",7,17,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is more than Justin's usual 'bubble gum pop' music he was producing. He shows his maturity in songs like, 'She Don't Like the Lights' and 'Boyfriend' but also gives listeners a side to his personal life in songs like 'Catching Feelings' and 'Fall'. It's the sort of album that works for anyone any age with different varieties, like mashups with dubstep and pop in songs like All Around the World and softer tunes in Catching Feelings, and my fave, Be Alright. The song Believe is inspiring too, giving thanks to his fans and people who have supported him throughout his whole music career. Most people would say Justin Bieber is just another name who'll fade away in a few years and that he would go haywire like a lot of teens who started int his industry at a young age, but he's only taking the world by storm song by song and he's got a long journey ahead of him. I have faith that he's going to do very well in the future. Buying this album is defiantly worth it, you won't regret it. His best one yet, this honestly holds the title as Album of the Year, enough to win a Grammy.",6,15,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing. Im impressed by Justin's development (:
The album has a little something for everybody, so there is no way someone can hate now. He is way past his 'Girl' sound. Its a MUST to buy this album !",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Wow, jus wow. I was so stunned when I first heard Boyfriend & the other singles, but when I got to listen to the whole album, I was just completely blown away. From beautiful, sweet love songs like Catching Feelings & Be Alright to mature songs like Take You, Out Of Town Girl & Love Me Like You Do. I can't tell you which song is my favorite -I love all of the songs equally. Damn, this album
is beyond flawless.",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This Album is amazing as hell.It's just so amazing,this album deserves a Grammy...........The best songs are As long as you love and Catching Feelings !
Best Album of the year .",2,5,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"this album is so amazing and i know its going to slay the charts. it really shows his voice deepened and that hes maturing from his 16 year old music, and all the songs are so catchy and i think that anyone can listen to it really. its not all just music for his girl fans, it has songs with ludacris, big sean, drake, nicki minaj and i think anyone would enjoy it. if you are a bieber hater, i suggest you listen to believe because i guarantee you that your mind will change. justin never fails to work hard and impress people.",2,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
0,"The epitome of processed pop music, Justin Bieber's 'Believe' is an odd collection of 'songs.' Seven people 'collaborating' on songs that have lyrics a 10-year-old could write that have absolutely no substance, and stale synthpop beats galore. If you want all of that and more, buy 'Believe.' You'll hate it.",2,5,"Oct  7, 2013"
10,"This is Justin's best album thus far. There's not a single track I don't love. A lot better from his previous albums and definitely worth listening to.",7,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is whole new level for Bieber. I like how every song is different and it's nothing like we have heard before. It's nice to know Justin was inspired by MJ while making this, cause i'm sure he's gonna have quite the same impact on our generation and coming generations as well.",7,18,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe it's an amazing album:)it has love songs,dance songs,songs which can make you get through everything!I think that this album shows how mature Justin is:)!LOVE THIS ALBUM.",5,13,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I could write a review for each song individually but it's not necessary. The album in its entirety is simply outstanding. His writing is sensational and his vocals are beautiful as always. Listen, I'm just a fan of music, that's all. I love RATM and James Taylor and everything else in-between, if you can make me feel something with your music I'm happy. Justin Bieber does this with his music, every time.  A particular favourite on the album is Fall. Lovely song. But really, it's a happy album, it suits the fellow.",6,16,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This is probably Justin's best album out of his previous ones.  It's a mix between feel-good love songs and club hits.  I think this album easily deserves a 10.  It's very unique and has two side of it which i love.  GREAT JOB JUSTIN!",3,8,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Believe is honestly great. Best tracks: Fall, Right Here, Maria, Take You, Boyfriend and Out Of Town Girl. It's  fresh, young and pop. So what? Justin succeeded that's what.",5,14,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"great album. every song is different, a few slower songs that we're used to hear from the biebs but with a little more mature lyrics and a few up beat songs that make you wanna dance when you hear them.",6,17,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"AMAZING, thats all I can say. There is a good balance between fast tempo and slow tempo songs.",5,15,"Jun 19, 2012"
7,"Soooo
I'll say one thing straight away: Believe is gonna sell soooo friggin' much!
I'll start with the positive things:
Justin really did evolve since the last album, his songs are more mature, he is singing about his experiences and what he went through in the past years
for example in Maria he's referring to that girl that said he was the father of her son,
also there are a lot of songs where he speaks about selena gomez
BUT
lyrically speaking he is still doing the same thing as before:
'gril I love you I wanna be your boyfriend blablabla'
which is a good tactic because a lot of 13 year olds will still buy his album.
I think that there are too many love songs in this album
but justin bieber is not the only one that did this. Take Adele for example. she made a whole album about her being dumped by her boyfriend and how much depressed she was and blablabla....
It's well produced, he's got the talent. but his lyrics are still stopping him (well actually, they are perfectly thought for teenagers so they are gonna take the album pretty far, but I mean artistically speaking they don't add up nothing original)
Now let's start with the bad parts
THE MUSICAL STYLE
3/4 of the songs on this album are Timberlake copycats
that doesn't mean they are not good, I actually like Timberlake a lot and I liked the songs, but I think JB's next step should be finding his own unique style.
He's pointed a lot towards electronic in this last album which I think it's AWSOME because electronic music is the future, and he can explore more this genre and maybe give this genre a new direction like David Guetta did.
I don't like the fact that people compare him to Michael jackson or Elvis presley because these two artist invented a new genre and JB hasn't done that yet. Unless you consider 'swaggie' a genre.
THE THING THAT MAKES ME HATE THIS ALBUM THE MOST
there are too many songs that have been literally copied!!
Fall----> 'Beautiful Soul' Jesse Mccartney
One love-----> 'Forever' Chris Brown
Out of town girl-----> 'cry me a river' Justin Timberlake
'Maria'------> 'Billie Jean' Michael Jackson
And that's a fact! if you don't believe me go listen to them yourself
That is a fail to my eyes, even though I like these songs a lot.
Best 4 tracks of the album:
1. Out of town girl
2. Boyfriend
3. all around the world
4. she don't like the lights
Oh yes, and Die In your arms would be a perfect christmas song
and the concept of the video 'Boyfriend' is taken form the video 'Girlfriend' by N Sync",2,6,"Jun 23, 2012"
9,"This album is amazing and it shows how dedicated he is to his music, and how much hard work he puts into it. Some of the songs are a little rushed, and could of been improved. But overall the album as a whole is great, and I'm a very proud fan of Justin.",2,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"The album overall is really amazing, the beats are different and unique, the old school flow it contains is really great, from rapping to singing ballads and this techno pop beat, im just speechless, justin really impressed me, i never thought this album were going to be so great, but once again, this kid impressed me. he never disappoints me, im just really glad this album is already out and making history, this album is just a new step and honestly i couldn't be more happy about it. Congrats Justin!",2,6,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"I cannot get over how good this album actually is. It has lived up to the hype and has many smashes such as All around the world ft. Ludacris and As long as you love me which is going to be the next single released. From dancing tunes, to rapping in 'Boyfriend' down to the emotional songs such as Fall, Beleieve - written for fans and 'Be Alright' which he sings acoustically, whilst playing nothing but a guitar - himself can i add! He has raw talent and this album proves it. A must have album.",2,6,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"I think it's a perfect album, because he made music for an older public without losing the my world essence. We can see this in songs like Catching Feelings or Fall. We can see music with a futuristic essence in songs like As Long As You Love Me. We can see songs for dancing like All Around the World. This album has a little of everything,",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"For me is the best justin's album . I'm belieber and i hear albums from him but this is the best i ever hear is diferent in a good way and it's such amazing.",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"This album is perfect. I could not have been more pleased to purchase it. Justin is transitioning like the artist I always knew he would. He is indeed the Prince of Pop. My favourite tracks are Believe, Fall, and Beauty and a Beat. Well done Justin.",1,3,"Jun 19, 2012"
10,"Amazing and nuanced album. It shows Beaver is starting to mature as an artist and really tackling the issues that others so called musicians are afraid to acknowledge; I'd liken his style to a young Tom waits and he writes lyrics that even Nick Cave would be proud of. 'Boyfriend' has got 'classic' written all over it from beginning to end, when I first heard it I thought 'Wow, when did David Bowie get here?'. Have we found the rightful heir to Michael Jackson's throne as the king of pop? The answer is maybe.",2,7,"Jun 25, 2012"
9,"I am proud to say I am a belieber and I'm not giving this a 9 just because I love him but because honestly I believe it is so amazing and he has matured so much since my world and my world 2.0. He has writen more on this album and  songs like be alright fall and catching feelings really showcase his talent and I think this is going to convert a lot of haters. Great Job Justin. Beyond proud of you.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
8,"Justin Bieber's latest album is a good step forward, it isn't as perfect as most people make it out to be but it's a great album. The album finds Justin experimenting new genres, trying to broaden his fan-base and repertoire and calls in the likes of Rodney Jerkins and Mike Posner to help him.
His debut release Boyfriend, I believe was the perfect choice to market his album as it made a statement that there is a change, and a huge change that. Boyfriend sounds like Timberlake circa Girlfriend mixed with Ying-Yang Twins, Whisper Song.
The songs I love the most on the album are the Michael Jackson reminiscent numbers - Die in Your Arms, Catching Feelings and Maria. Die In Your Arms samples MJ's 'We've Got A Good Thing Going' and showcases Justin's somewhat underrated vocal skill in what is one of the most infectious tracks I've heard, it also reminds of Love on Top - Beyonce. Catching Feelings is a perfect album track that is so laid-back that you can just head-bob to and reminds me of Human Nature. Then there is Maria, which is arguably the most important song Justin has done addressing the Maria Yeater incident last year, giving an awesome vocal and making a Billie Jean circa 2012.
In my honest opinion, the songs with assists aren't as good as I anticipated (maybe except Right Here and As Long As You Love Me). All Around The World is ok, Beauty and A Beat is good but not great, the collaborations with Nicki and Ludacris seriously left me wanting more but euro-pop music isn't my first choice so maybe it's just me.
The album doesn't break any boundaries musically, but it breaks boundaries for Justin and his future in music. Believe will bring him new fans and is a good album. If Justin keeps this momentum he will reach the megastardom that artists like Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston and more recently Beyonce have.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing and he's shown amazing growth and maturity. He's transitioned very well. It really displays his many talents. He's worked tirelessly for MONTHS and this album definitely shows that off. Believe is different than anything that has been put on the market as of late. Real music. It's already converted 'haters' and nay-sayers. Best album yet.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This album is amazingggg :)) best album of his. This album will slay every song has its meaning behind it thats what makes it even more amazing. And you can see that Justin is converting the haters one by one with this album. I'm so proud of him he has come so far.",1,4,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"Great beats, great vocals, great rythm,. PERFECTION.. I love this album. It deserved to be #1 all around the world! This is a really great mix of genres. Rap, Hip-hop, pop, dance, a little splash of country. I love the mix",1,4,"Jun 21, 2012"
9,"I love the album, I think it's songs are unbelievably beautiful. I just really miss when Justin did songs alone, just his voice and a simple melody in the background, now 's more techno, which sometimes overpowers his amazing voice.. Don't get me wrong, I love every single one of his songs, it's just my opinion of what could have made it even better.",1,4,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"This is actually a really excellent pop album. With this album he shows real improvement both vocally and musically. I think Justin Bieber is here to stay.",1,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
10,"This is the best album of 2012. It will win Grammys. Amazing way for him to show his transition from teen to man and will definitely change your mind on him.",1,5,"Jun 20, 2012"
9,"A really great improvement from his past work. It's really crazy how fast he's growing musically. Definitely a lot of variety, a lot of songs that people who aren't into the Bieber Fever sensation will still be able to enjoy. Good job Justin!",1,7,"Jun 23, 2012"
10,"this album shows growth not only in his vocals but also music wise. amazing album! Best song would be Be Alright because he voice is raw and the lyrics are amazing.",1,7,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"Believe is the BEST album that I haOve ever heard. Ive been a belieber since 2009 and I still am and I will always be one! Love u Justin!!!! I bought yhe albm the day it came out and I have no regrets buying the album. Believe is amazing! This is the type of album that nobody should hate on",1,8,"Jun 21, 2012"
7,"Justin has a good voice but this album is not very good. He's not using his voice in the best way. his acoustic album is great and maybe Justin should do more acoustic stuff  because there's where he is the best",0,2,"May  2, 2013"
4,"No hay gran evolucin que se pueda exaltar del album, todava es un msico con una gran trayectoria por recorrer que no ha salido del lado comercial para entrar al artstico, quizs cuando entienda la importancia de la msica en el mbito artistico y comercial, genere un buen sonido por si solo. En si no es un mal album, pero tampoco es bueno, simplemente esta en el medio.",0,1,"Dec 11, 2014"
4,"This album is not special at all  leak of maturity  too much rap elements. It is not a album that shown Justin is a great artist, He succeed is only based on the popularity on Twitter and Instagram.",0,1,"Dec 23, 2013"
9,"Bieber Bieber Principe do Pop arrasou quando o 'Believe'.
Melhores Msicas: As Long as You Love Me, Out of Town Girl, Die In Your Arms, Be Alright e Beauty And A Beat",0,1,"Aug  6, 2015"
10,"ele  muito bom, amo esse hinario, rei mesmo, quem t dando negativo  um bando de trouxa. Melhor que ele s o MC brinquedo, mas foda-se continuo gostando e ele  melhor que todo mundo. ALBUM DO ANO",0,1,"Feb  7, 2015"
10,"Mereceu 100, beijocas, o lbum realmente  timo, cances lindas, mentira porque o Belive Acustico >>>>>>>>>>>> esse lixo sonoro q, mas mereceu 100, obrigado pela ateno",0,2,"May 11, 2015"
4,"What a fail.
I tried to give him a chance but this album is just bad, a few songs save it from being a complete waste of time. I don't hate him but his music is still bad.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
7,"I hate 'my world' it sucked. Yet in 'believe' he showcases his new and more mature voice and better yet at times cheesy lyrics. Its beautifully sang, and an overall good that I enjoy listening to highlights: 'As long as you love me, beauty and the beat, and maria. Mr. Bieber well done and keep up the good work.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2013"
3,"I listened  to this album with no preconception, but even the title doesn't sync with the songs, 'Believe' is a name for more acoustic and relaxing albums, and this one it's fulled with electronic beats musics, i didn't get it, and he doesn't worked on the album, sorry, but, there's no work.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2013"
4,"Justin Bieber may be the most succeeded pop artist in the world, however music is not just about having a pretty face and a little bit of style. I admit that this album is better that My World and My World 2.0 ,and Justin is more mature in this newest work. But that is not enough to be a good artist. Justin has the support of his crazy female fans but his songs continue to be uninteresting.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2012"
10,"Another Norah Jones album, another masterpiece, another broken heart. In evil moments, i wish Norah's heart never be rebuild, so we can listen more and more good albuns like that. My favourite song is '4 broken hearts', listen it and get addicted !",0,2,"Oct  6, 2012"
9,"An amazing record!!!Deep, soullful and full of fragile and beautiful songs!!Welldone Norah for growing with your music and spreading your beautiful harmonic wings!!!",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
10,"Thanks Danger Mouse and Norah for this refreshing album. I like happy pills ,little broken hearts, say goodbye,all a dream, and also the extra track is great . thanks Norah Jones",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
9,"The Album of the Year winner is back and better than ever. This album has to be her best and will form a legacy on its own. Norah Jones was gone for a long time but she didnt leave us hanging with this album.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
9,"Norah Jones's fifth album is far her best one- even better than Come Away With Me. The production of Danger Mouse lived up the expectations, and that combined to Jones' sweet voice and beautiful lyrics makes the album shines. It is full with romance and the feeling of lost, and manages to keep it not boring. Best songs are surely 'Say Goodbye' and 'Out On The Road'.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2012"
8,"Check out our full review at Manik Music: http://www.manikmusic.net/reviews/nora-jones-little-broken-hearts/In 2002, Norah Jones released her debut album, Come Away With Me. It ended up selling a whopping 22 million copies, netting her several Grammys, and solidifying her as one of the emerging",0,0,"May  7, 2012"
8,"This album is really good. There are some fillers, stand-out tracks, and some are just... okay, but the album is amazing as a whole. I love it. I wish she'd go back to her roots though.",0,0,"May  5, 2012"
8,"Coraes partidos sempre rendem grandes msicas e s vezes grandes lbuns. Dou dois exemplos apenas: Jagged Little Pill da Alanis e 21 da Adele. Esses dois so apenas dois mais recentes que eu lembrei assim de bate e pronto. Agora nesse mesmo hall podemos citar a cantora Norah Jones com o lanamento do seu quarto lbum Little Broken Hearts. Porm, o resultado  mais que apenas um lbum sobre um corao partido.  um lbum sobre uma cantora encontrando sua maturidade artstica.
A dona de Don't Know Why traz  tona uma nova sonoridade para seu 'piano/jazz': algo meio eletrnico/indie pop com uma alma sombria e bittersweet. O corao partido de Norah se mostra nas belas composies que permeiam todo lbum. Mantendo o estilo minimalista que a fez famosa s que agora com um peso libertador nas costas. Ao que parece a decepo amorosa fez com que ele se abrisse como compositora e a deixou liberar seus sentimentos mais obscuros como cimes, raiva e pessimismo com a vida de uma forma geral. A sonoridade de Norah est completamente diferente. Em busca de algo que a melhor em sua nova fase, ela explorou um som mais alternativo ao deixar uma pegada mais indie eletropop a contaminasse. A emoo vem de forma mais difcil. Voc no viajar de primeira nas canes de Little Broken Hearts. Diferente das melodias aconchegantes, aqui ela faz seu ouvinte deitar em um colcho mais duro que demorar at acertar o 'prumo' da coluna. Mesmo mantendo a delicada voz, os efeitos que acompanham os vocais de Norah tm a funo de deixar mais estril e distante a voz dela como uma quase espectadora da prpria tristeza. Adora a dor imprensa em She's 22 onde Norah fala abertamente em ser trada. A bela Good Morning, que abre o lbum, tem uma produo instrumental belssima. Little Broken Hearts tem algo de trilha para filme de David Lynch que assusta e cativa ainda mais que  a melhor composio do lbum. E por fim no topo do lbum est Happy Pills (resenha a seguir), mesmo um pouco deslocada no lbum,  impressionante. Depois de tudo isso s me resta a dizer: Norah Jones, muito bem vinda ao hall dos (pequenos) coraes quebrados.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2012"
8,"Norah Jones decided to go for a more electric way with the help of Brian Burton, the album is such a pleasant piece charged with soul and feeling, most of the tracks talk about different ways to broke a heart or to be brokenhearted; my favorite She's 22 and Miriam :)",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
9,"Maybe someone would say these songs and Norah are full of saddened and melancholy and you wouldn't like it, but if you listen to this more carefully maybe you will find that Norah is great vocalist. The songs are beautify arranged and the lyrics are smart and give to think.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2012"
10,"Norah has changed her sound in just the slightest, and it's only noticeable in a few songs, but it's refreshing. She realized maybe she need to surprise people, and I think she will. Little Broken Hearts is a different kind of masterpiece.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2012"
10,"I am a male who strongly favors music with a beautiful female voice.  As such, I have always liked Norah Jones singing.  But with the album, 'Little Broken Hearts.' I have reached a totally new appreciation for her.  It crept up on me.  I liked 'She's 22' right off because it hit real close to home. You hear a woman, still obviously in love, ask her ex forlornly whether the 22 year old he's now with 'does she make you happy.'  Norah used to put her mouth close to the microphone and let her beautiful voice be heard with fairly standard musical accompaniment.  With this album, she allows her voice to be the lead instrument in wonderfully stylized songs with a new mix of electronic music, cello, and steel guitar, all of which establish the mood for each song. 'Take It Back' is a wonderful example of this new Norah Jones as her voice melds with a melody but does not dominate by any means.  'Miriam' tells the story of a woman wronged and the lyrics haunted me from the first listening.  Long after falling in love with this song, I found the video on YouTube.  It is nothing short of Music Video Art.  I hope Norah Jones continues to follow this new career path.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2013"
7,"'Beautiful Soldiers in Their beds, make love inside Their hands' .This seems to be enough to prove that norah grown and matured in his latest album, now everything she does has double meaning and is angry and perverse.
All this because of a broken heart, norah decided to take 'Happy Pills' and fully recycle your music, giving up shy of pieces of jazz-blues and folk, with overdose of piano, which were the composition of their albums up to 'The Fall '. In 'Little Broken Hearts' Jones makes a change in his career, diving in Indie-pop melodies, embracing the way Lana del Rey to make music and finally bringing great news to his fans.
The album starts with no big surprises with 'Good Morning', and will gradually conquering, with 'Say Goodbye' and 'Happy Pills', great indie songs. You can bring tears to the sadness of 'She's 22'. Be surprised by this sexual content in 'Little Broken Hearts' and the anger and jealousy in 'Miriam'.
With many good moments, Little Broken Hearts is a big step in Jones' career, and is his best album since 'Feels Like Home.'
We hope to continue evolving into something even better, because the latest Jones's work is very good but can be even better.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2015"
9,"A Wonderful record and honestly, my best since 'want 1'! He has cut down on all the flamboyancies of his previous efforts and has produced a beautifully melodic album!! Ive picked up hints of Abba, queen, elton John...but all with that Rufus wainwright twist!!...this is a grower....",0,0,"May  2, 2012"
9,"The marriage of Rufus Wainwright and Jon Ronson is inspired. This is Rufus' most complete, and most accessible album. Jericho, Rashida and Montauk are instantly catchy and hummable, however after a few listens (as with all great albums), the other songs reveal themselves as individual marvels - 'Song of You' and 'Candles' bringing the album to a wonderfully touching close. The influence of Mark Ronson is strong - the cleanest production of a Rufus album yet, coupled with much clearer enunciation of the words (overcoming his occasional tendency to drawl), highlight not only the incredible range of Rufus' voice, but also the simple beauty of the lyrics. My only disappointment was that the Guy Chambers-produced bonus track WWIII is only available on iTunes - it would have been nice to have included it on the album (or at least on the deluxe version). It is a wonderful tune and sits perfectly in with the overall feel of the album. My re-burnt version of the CD, has this song nestled in cosily between 'Montauk' and 'Bitter Tears'.It will be wonderful to see these songs performed live at his concerts over the coming months - I've got my ticket, go get yours!!",0,0,"May 12, 2012"
9,"Rufus Wainwright's Out of the Game is a great album that echos 70's pop music but with a very modern feel. Easily his most accessible album Rufus meshes fun melodies with beautiful lyrics. It is a ray of sunshine after his previous entry Songs for Lulu, but toned down from Release the Stars which is right where Rufus needs to be. He is emotionally exposed but still letting the music be fun and expansive. This is easily his best album since Poses and proves that Rufus is certainly not out of the game...terribly corny.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2012"
8,"This album is something very special for me, and I didn't know it would be until I listened to it. It made me remember my early years spent running around my grandparents",2,2,"Feb  8, 2012"
9,"I, being  a huge Beatles and Paul McCartney fan, naturally showed curiosity for this album. I was shocked to hear that it was all jazz style songs. At first I was disappointed but I got used to these songs and have learned to like them. All in all, it was pretty good.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2012"
8,"This is a really strong album from McCartney.  O.K, it's not going to pull up any trees for originality and, yes, this road has been trodden before, but the treatment given to the songs is minimal yet warm and the whole thing comes across as a really strong collection.The significance might be perhaps for McCartney himself as this feels like an acceptance of age and style in a way that he hasn't done for a while.  Put simply, it doesn't seem as if Paul is trying too hard and, because of this, he is able to deliver a really strong performance throughout.I would say that this looks to be his most enjoyable and re-playable album for some time (and that is saying something as he has been undergoing a late-career renaissance.)I would love him to record in this style in the future, but with new, self-penned compositions.  The style suits him, as it always has done.  He no-longer needs to deny the fact that he does this sort of thing very, very well.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2012"
4,"Please choose 3: Somnolent. Insipid. Tedious. Uninspired. Inexplicable. Interminable. Colorless. Pedestrian. Monotonous. Disappointing. Save the other 7 for later. You may need them.The hour spent listening to Sir Paul's latest seemed to last a week. The songs are fine, the arrangements tasteful to a fault. An album of 'standards'? Everybody is entitled to one. But why sing these in his sleep?",0,0,"Mar 11, 2012"
8,"The Beatles is history, the world's rushing forward and so does Paul McCartney, who decided to release an album in the strictly jazz style, covering such hits as ' It's Only a Paper Moon' originally performed by Ella Fitzgerald and Nat King Cole, or 'Always' by Frank Sinatra. McCartney wanted with this album to return to the country of his childhood and you have to admit - he succeed. It is true - the artist does not have a voice that could compete with the original performers, but in this case it works in favor for the album. Nothing is done by force - McCartney casually and gently leads the melodic line, which with the stirring accompaniment of artists like Diana Krall, Eric Clapton or Stevie Wonder speaks for itself.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2012"
8,"Sir Paul's passion for these ancient love tunes is the driving force in his vocal performance on this album, which is an admiral trait that makes it difficult to anyone to criticize the dragged-down pace and tone.",0,0,"May  4, 2014"
10,"What a shocking album, way to slow, doesn't have anything there to keep me interested in the album. The album sound like a desperate attempt to build her her previous success, but it fails miserably. Her vocals aren't as strong and yh the songs just aren't interesting. Its just a way to slow album for mainstream success.",0,1,"Nov 10, 2011"
10,"Some music critics arent telling u how they tweeted on Review day of how they dreaded reviewing her cd b4 they even did. Many were biased 2 begin with.
One called her a church rodent whom only sang",0,0,"Nov  2, 2011"
10,"After making a BEELINE to Barnes and Noble on Tuesday to pick up an additional copy of Barbra Streisand's AMAZING, new CD - (I had ordered my original copy from QVC in order to get the DVD, but it hasn",0,0,"Aug 25, 2011"
5,"I love Joss Stone, but this is not a good album. I think that she didn't take her time with this album. I hate to give her a bad review,but I had no choice. Bad sound production, cracky voice, and bad music choices. I love her to death, but she CAN do better than this.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
8,"Cutting down the overrated collaborations, and excessive production from her last two albums (Introducing Joss Stone and Colour Me Free), LP1 achieves a true Soul sound and feeling without losing a spark of pop that makes this album a great company.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2011"
4,"Even the best songs on this LP1 sound pretty weak concerning Joss standards and I'm taking into account her vocals too, which seem too angry and raspy for my ears. 'Drive all night' is a highlight but it's not even close to being a masterpiece. 'Karma' sounded promising at first listens but it didn't take me that long to realize how frustrating it turns out to be with the angry atmosphere where she's singing unemotionally words like **** and flat rhymes. Then we have 'Boat Yard'... and every other track seems too lavish, corny or forced. Sadly forgettable.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
8,"She couldn't get over her best musically work 'Brave' or her vocally best work 'Como Ama Una Mujer' but it isa great pop music album. It has some of everything, it has some dance-pop tracks, latin influences, hip-hip and r&b influences which are so common on J.Lo's work. I have never liked the idea of her working with RedOne but I think he is an ok producer now. The only filler on the album is Run The World for the rest is amazing.",2,2,"Jan 18, 2012"
9,"Wow, I am very shocked to see the ratings of this album. I have to say that it is much better than the Brave album, but it has lower scores. It is clearly one of her best albums, if not the best.",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Definitely her best album ever, songs more rythmic and radio friendly, much better than her three previous ones, thank God she left the stupid hip hop sound.",1,1,"May 28, 2011"
9,"'Love?' has been the only album I've really been hanging out for this year, and let me tell you, it was worth it. I've been loving every song since the album came out. A must have.",1,1,"Jun 19, 2011"
10,"I thoroughly enjoyed the album!  I'm not understanding why fans/critics aren't enjoying it.  The album shows a new side of Jennifer that includes elements of dance/dubstep and techno.  Standout tracks on the record are 'What Is Love?', 'Until It Beats No More', 'Papi', 'One Love', and 'Hypnotico', especially 'Hypnotice'..Such a fun, dancy album :)",1,1,"Apr 19, 2012"
10,"The best J Lo album yet! Keep em coming J Lo! I love ya! The highlights are: On The Floor, Papi, Good Hit, I'm into You, What is Love, and Run The World. I recommend this album to any fan of her and haters can go back to their holes!",1,1,"Jul 23, 2013"
10,"This album 'Love?',  marked a major comeback in the music career of Jennifer Lopez. The selection of songs was a definite play on her strengths and popularity  of Lopez in the dance and Latin genres. Lead single 'On the Floor', which topped the national charts in 18 countries, was a real standout from the album and a great club banger, with a touch of Latin flavor. The replacement of the more generic pop song 'Loubotons' with 'On the Floor' as a lead single was certainly a smart move from Lopez and her team. Other standouts from the album include Latin anthem Papi, the summery pop track 'I'm into you', the self reflective pop tune 'One love'  and the sweet ballad 'Until it Beats no More'. 'Until it beats no More' is a unique track, which showcases the range of Lopez's voice and is a refreshing new sound for Lopez, which I hope she explores further in the future. This album was certainly another step in the right direction for this multi-talented  star, emphasising that as an artist in both music and acting she is never to be written off. Personally, I enjoyed the album immensely and hope for more of this sort of work from Lopez in the future.",1,1,"Jan 12, 2016"
10,"This album is just AWESOME, Jennifer Lopez definetly did a great job and Love? has a lot of fantastic musics and great vocals. On the Floor is one of the best dance musics of the year, Until It Beats no More is beautiful. I loved it.",2,3,"Nov 14, 2011"
5,"This album is mediocre she should be able to make a descent album by now. It has some highlights like 'On The Floor' but other than that this album is just another pop record with no substance.",3,5,"Jun 30, 2011"
9,"Don't listen to what the critics are saying about this album. This album is probably one of JLo's best works and it offers something for everyone: ballads, high energy techno songs, hip hop influenced tracks and more. It's updated for today's generation and shows that this chick has still got the mojo after all these years. The album even features songs produced by Lady Gaga and Rihanna (in the deluxe edition) which are really good as well. If you're still hesitating, give this album a try, you will not regret it.",4,7,"May  5, 2011"
9,"This album surprised me, do not think Jennifer Lopez would make an album so cool. All her previous albums I did not like and not like it even more this has improved greatly. I do not know what gives the head of these people give a mixed note for this CD if Jennifer has evolved considerably. 9.0",6,11,"May  5, 2011"
7,"The album is good, some of the stand out tracks are 'I'm into You' 'Papi' and 'Hypnotico' Get these songs and maybe not the whole album.",1,2,"May 13, 2011"
10,"Best comeback album EVER! With a SMASH hit like On the foor and some of the best production i've heard in a while! I'm into you, Good Hit and Invading my mind are pure masterpieces! But great vocals and lyrics in songs like Starting over and What is love really make this album stand out!",1,2,"May  2, 2014"
0,"this whole album sucks especially 'on the floor' . they keep over playing that stupid song on the radio. what ever happened to creative lyrics? if not for Pitt Bull this song would be pure garbage, but i guess if you have the money to throw away anyone could make crappy songs with stupid lyrics, here we go if you are from Havana get on the floor, if you like green banana get on the floor, if you are from New Jersey got on the floor, if you speak in Italian get the floor, if you paid for this album get on the floor, drop this crappy CD on the floor, now stomp on the floor, stomp on the floor  stomp on the floor, on the floor on the floor, on the floor!!!!",2,9,"May 21, 2011"
0,"Sure, it's okay for pop to copy paste a good song from the 50s and mix it with a **** generic dance beat. Great music. So deep. Especially the part where she writes her own musi - OH WAIT. Please don't buy this. Instead, look up Koama- Lambada and show more respect of original good music than J-Lo apparently does.",1,5,"Nov 16, 2011"
5,"I don't like this album a lot,  I think that she made better CDs in the past. We can found good hits in this album like 'On the Floor' or 'Papi' but i don't like the biggest part of the songs. I hope that in future she'll make good album like her first CDs, not like this. ( sorry for my English )",1,5,"Mar 25, 2012"
4,"To me, Love? is like Boring! On the Floor although managed to peak #3 on the Hot 100, I'm Into You didn't have enough power to make this album go nuts about, i give it a 4 out 10 because i find some tracks boring and unoriginal.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2011"
4,"Almost every track on this record was produced by RedOne, Danja, or Tricky. You would figure with the titans of dance and hip-hop production behind her, this would make it one of the greatest records in years. Fortunately, its not the production. The lyrics, on the other hand, fail hard enough to convince listeners that any Disney channel star should be in line ahead of Lopez for the Hall of Fame.Songs like 'Until It Beats No More' and 'Starting Over' border Emo, with lyrics like 'I was fading but you pulled me through. I was hurt, thought I died [...]' [Until It Beats No More] and 'I can feel it getting colder, I'm afraid of starting over' [Starting Over]. The only aspect of these songs that's listenable is the production by Radio and Danja, respectively.The upbeat tracks like 'Papi' also fail miserably. It would be wonderful to say that 'Papi' always makes you dance but half-way through the second verse it may dawn on you that you're singing along to what sounds like a page out of pre-Women's Rights era America, a time when women were considered not only less intelligent but useless outside of the home. 'Hypnotico' and 'Invading My Mind' were contributions co-written by Lady Gaga; songs that clearly could not have made a Gaga record, but apparently inspired Lopez to see if she could get some attention by mimicking the sound. Few, if any, of the dance tracks are worth dancing too, but may make wonderful features to an aerobics DVD.Not every song feels like a bullet was taken to the concept of good music though. Lopez recounts her prior relationships on the track, 'One Love'; this one song is the closest thing to a sincere song about love on the whole record. [This may be why there's a question mark appended to the word in the album's title? Was Lopez, herself, unsure that the album discussed the concept of love in any realistic way?]What was cited as the biggest comeback for Mrs. Lopez ultimately falls flat on its face. Of the 16 songs that make up this record, only five received a score from me of 6 or higher. The standout track remains the album's first single, 'On the Floor', which gave Lopez her first Top 5 hit in nearly 8 years. Follow-up single, 'I'm Into You', has peaked at #72 on the Hot 100 and quickly fell before the video for it premiered. Although the production is some of the best money can buy, it seems that 90 cents of every dollar was spent there while only 10 cents went to the actual writers.Overall, noteworthy songs include first single 'On the Floor', '(What Is) Love?', 'One Love', and",0,1,"Jul 11, 2011"
5,"There are only a few great tracks, the other are fillers. One of the things that save this album from flopping hard is RedOne's magnificent job... I think she should just focus on American Idol for now, and when she has some free time work on another record.",0,1,"Feb 11, 2012"
6,"'Papi' and 'On the Floor' are the clear standouts in the album. But overall, the whole album is inconsistent, there are good tracks and there are mediocre tracks. The two standout songs really lifted the whole album. But I'm still looking for the consistency of the whole album, that's why I only gave a 6............",0,1,"Jul 22, 2012"
5,"lbum bom, porem deixa desejar em varias caracteres, ele fica chato quando se escuta de mais por isto da critica mista,mas os picos do lbum fazem voc danar muito!",0,1,"Mar 26, 2013"
2,"This album is trash. She tried to be like Britney Spears and she failed. It's basically the same beat even on the ballads. Jennifer Lopez ahold really stick to movies.",0,1,"Aug  6, 2013"
2,"Lopez's promise with catchy lyrics and #1 songs tries to masquerade the fact that the album has nothing either relevant or intelligent to celebrate. All we can really notice, after a dancefloor-stuck brouhaha, is that she and her unnecessarily canonized guests did party a whole awful lot.",0,1,"Aug 25, 2014"
8,"Jennifer Lopez comeback could have been much better crafted, some catchy tunes, some mid tempo ballads, dancey tracks. But as i listened i didnt feel much work was put into this, even though it took her 2 years to create it. 'On the Floor' 'Papi' 'Starting Over' are the albums highlights, the deluxe edition bonus track 'Charge Me Up' is a track that should have been in the standard version, because of its unique techno sound. Overall, a good album but could have been better",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
7,"This album was good, not to shabby. Some of the songs I personally like like 'On the floor' and 'Hypnotico'. It also had a great party vibe in the album and might be the best album from Jennifer Lopez.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
10,"Jennifer Lopez is back finally to the dancefloor! Jennifer delivers great simple tunes that are just to dance, while offering other more personal love tracks, variety is here present. Some call it, typical pop, while I call it how true pop dance should be. Jennifer doesn",0,0,"Dec 15, 2011"
9,"A Really Big Step Up For JLO!
I 100% Hate All Her Other Albums But This Album Is So Catchy And Fun And Really Show's JLO Is Really A True Singer!
One Of The Best Albums Of 2011!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2012"
10,"A great album and the best comeback. OTF was a massive hit and i'm still jamming this song. I'm Into You, What Is love, One Love, Hypnotico are masterpieces.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
9,"Love is a great album full of Pop records. It's not R&B friendly like her previous albums, but delivers a few memorable tracks like the anthem 'On The Floor'  and the Lady Gaga written track 'Hypnotico'.
Other highlights are 'I'm Into You' and 'Starting Over'.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is very fun and probably one of her best! I enjoyed all of the songs, and highlights are definitely 'Papi', 'Invading My Mind', 'Hypnotico' and 'Charge Me Up'. I love the consistency of this album overall and it definitely surprised me since I didn't expect it to be this good!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2016"
9,"This is pop music. Jennifer conseguiu fazer seu retorno na msica pop em grande estilo e com muita dana. Um dos melhores regressos j visto por ns.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2016"
9,"Kurt Elling is without peer as a jazz vocalist.  This CD is one of his best efforts.  His reworking of 'After the Love is Gone' is as moving a ballad as I have ever heard.",0,0,"May 23, 2014"
8,"This album was a lot of fun, but if you've never heard the artist before, go pick up 'Who Killed Amanda Palmer' first. That being said, AFP delivers on a lot of fronts consistently. The album has a wide variation of styles, but each song is solid. About half of the the album is for funsies (Ex. Vegemite (The Black Death)), the other half is slightly more serious/contemplative (On an Unknown Beach), but it is all experimental. There's a ton of collaboration in this album. The lyrics are well composed, and just the right amounts of pre-song banter were put in to make the listener feel right at home without making you wait 5 minutes just to hear the song. If I had to nitpick this album, I would say that some of the songs felt less polished than usual (coughcoughDoctorOzcough), and the album doesn't seem to pull itself into a cohesive whole very well. That said, this album isn't just about the music. It's about how the music was made. :) Viva la Revolucion!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2011"
10,"Purely genius! I love every songs in this album. Looks like Norah has returned to her Jazz root in this album and it suits her perfectly. What a surprise to hear Foo Fighters and Outkast here, their voices fit so well with Norah.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2010"
8,"If anyone ever doubted Norah's ability to transcend all genres, this album ends the argument.  Jones shows her skill to adapt to perform with anyone, in any style.  The album will contain an instant favorite for anyone that listens to it as it has something for everyone.  Personally, I enjoy the somewhat improv track with Q-Tip in which one can see Norah Jones apply her voice to a sort of R & B genre (I would say hip-hop, but that is found on the Talib Kweli track).  Jones creates an instant classic with Ray Charles on 'Here we go again'.  The album allows Norah to spread her wings and glide into territories usually untouched by someone of her prowess.  You have to hear the collaborations to understand...",0,0,"Dec  1, 2010"
8,"Didn't even know this was coming out till I went to get my morning latte at Starbucks. Great idea to put together a collection of her collaborations - it showcases just how versatile she is across genres and every track is solid. Hope she keeps pushing the jazz label and does what feels right for her.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2011"
8,"Check out our full review at Manik Music: http://www.manikmusic.net/reviews/nora-jones-little-broken-hearts/In 2002, Norah Jones released her debut album, Come Away With Me. It ended up selling a whopping 22 million copies, netting her several Grammys, and solidifying her as one of the emerging",0,0,"May  7, 2012"
10,"I can't believe they let you go. They made a mistake. They are idiots. Whoever they are. Wherever you are. Wherever you are is the best place to be at any given moment.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2011"
8,"After listening to it a few times, it starts to sound really, really christmas type of music. Enjoyable, and pleasant, soothing tunes which may gradually be a christmas album remembered for a long while.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2011"
5,"My mother can't stop listening to this so-called 'Christmas album'. It's overly repetitive gospel/pop/slow old not-classic rock mixture stuff, and lacks any form of creative spark. Is the genre even definable?",0,0,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"Honestly, People have forgotten the very essence of music which is singing. Throughout the album, Susan gave us sweet melodies for a pleasant Christmas without shouting/screaming/belting high notes. In fact, people today have forgotten that true singing (with less style and good vocals) is an art. Although, it might sound too adult contemporary but still is real music",0,0,"Nov 29, 2010"
9,"After the rather glum and subdued 'The crying light' Antony turned again to death, womanhood and the earth. However, for the first time, this album is much lighter in tone. The arrangements sparkle and shine, rarely has he seemed more at peace. A masterful album.",2,2,"Oct 22, 2010"
9,"Swanlights, the fourth studio album by the New York artist, is what fans might have expected: a string of beautifuly composed and orchestrated haunting songs about yearning, dealing with death and alienation, finding your own place in this unstable world. Antony sings as good as ever, and the songs feel lighter and more cheerful than the last time around. Perfect record for long, dark autumn evenings.",2,2,"Oct 11, 2011"
8,"lures you into a fog of beautiful melody
To say this is a mellow affair would be putting it mildly. The sound Antony and his buddys create is difficult to describe and you really have to listen to them to understand what I mean by this. Can you really label their music pop? The music is dished up in equal measures of beauty and weirdness. The songs are artfully and intricately put together and there is obvious craft gone into the record. There are no bad tracks and the worst I can say about the record is that the title track, while it has its moments, is a bit long winded and I'm not sure if it ever gets to a point. 'Ghost', 'Fltta' and 'Salt Silver Oxygen' are the stand outs.
If I was to try and describe the mood of this record, it's like the listener is lured into a fog of beautiful melody only to find themselves falling into a bog and not being able to get out.",1,1,"Jan 31, 2014"
2,"Wow.  Whatever heartbreak I feel listening to 'Everglade' from 'The Crying Light' is crushed into a yawn over this album.  It's somehow meandering and disjointed all at once.  Every song is one to two stars in iTunes, which is all the more disappointing given that Antony can make really great music.",0,3,"Oct 20, 2010"
4,"She has a nice voice and good control, but no sense of creativity in her treatment of the songs. She's about as vanilla as they come. Her CD is good for one, maybe two listenings, but probably no more.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2009"
2,"There are so many good singers that probably deserve more attention than Susan Boyle. She has a nice voice but it is at the same time very limited. I believe that is why all the songs are slow ballads. No, this is not a record I would buy.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2009"
8,"Not too shabby for a 48 year old. Her covers on some songs are amazing, particularly 'I Dreamed A Dream' and 'Wild Horses'.Her original song 'Who I was Born to Be' is very meaningful and very perfect for SuBo to sing.All in all, a pretty good album, I can say.",1,1,"Nov  8, 2010"
10,"A lovely lady with a beautiful voice. I am not disappointed at all. I cried the moment I heard her sing Wild Horses. I love this album.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
9,"For Boyle fans ... this is a great first album from a lady who sings from her heart which is what most listeners want to hear. I appreicate the effort as do thousands of fans across the universe.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
4,"This is exactly what I expected. EXACTLY. It's straight out of the 'stock, over-produced and neutered' drawer that always gets opened around Christmas (aka Acquistionfest) time. Bland, inoffensive renditions of enjoyable pop songs and show tunes that will appeal to the middle-aged/older crowd. These kinds of album will make ideal gifts for those who have no idea what to buy their friends and relatives. It appeals to everyone and yet no-one in particular. Many copies will be consigned to bargain bins, charity shops and the attic come next year. Susan Boyle will eventually join similar 'artists' like the now overlooked Hayley Westenra after the hype dies down and her producers/handlers find newer one-hit-wonder ca$hcows. The tragedy is that Susan would fare so much better if her voice wasn't processed and autotuned and she had enough idea of what career path she wanted to travel. As much as I hate these light-entertainment fad talent shows, she could fairly accurately be called 'voice of the people' - an ordinary individual with an extraordinary talent. But that will be wasted if all she ever does is lacklustre versions of other people's material, and knowing the people who control her career, that's exactly what will happen. Still, she'll have no problem keeping her cat fed now, so it's not all bad. Maybe she'll buy a couple more? Everyone could use a cat or two.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
10,"Absolutely Wonderful. The whole thing is extremely well balanced and wonderful. Absolute must buy.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
4,"Boring. all hype. who cares about the story. i only care about the music, which quite frankly, borders on sucking. sure, she has a nice voice...that sounds rather ordinary, right about average for an operatic voice. this CD, with all the hype behind it, just became an overproduced messed, that if not for the story, we'd never care about.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2009"
10,"Absolutely AMAZING!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
4,"Mediocrity at its finest.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
2,"Boyle has the sparkle of a hard boiled egg on this set of infinitely dull songs. She's been made over, tarted up, set-up and transfigured but she and her singing are still just as plain as her name suggests. Look at her on the cover holding back or covering up the fat on her face so that she appears to have a thin face - the producers and photographers must have thought they really pulled a fast one there. The songs on the CD are in a similar way a cover up. They are lifeless and drab, the accompaniment worthy of elevator musak and Boyle's singing is inconsistent and patchy at best. She had one moment of glory on Britian's Got Talent - it was a moment in which she unconsciously admonished all those who judged her on her appearance - it was a glorious moment for the underdog but that moment is long gone and does not come through on this CD. It's a big step from being an underdog to being a star. All those people who were eager to cash in on her world wide instant stardom wanted to make that step a small one so they could get their share of Boyle's market. No doubt got their pocket's full but unfortunately Boyle doesn't have the talent her producers would like her to have.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
10,"By far some of the best music I've heard in quite a while. Thanks Susan.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"This is mostly just to balance out the surprisingly low user score, but Susan Boyle is great!! Thanks for the amazing album!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"Beautiful voice. Beautiful woman. It was love at first sight. I wish I could see her live. I wish she would cover The Go-Between's 'The Statue', or The Blue Nile's 'Downtown Lights'.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
0,"Terrible renditions of great songs. Never, ever, EVER should a guy like Matt Morrison be singing 'Gold Digger'. I just really hate the show and the music.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2010"
5,"Even though I am a Gleek, I have to admit that the cover versions on this album are simply hit-and-miss. Most of the songs are too karaoke-esque. The show's signature song, Journey's 'Don't Stop Believing', is the only true highlight of this album. I also enjoyed the cover of Wicked's 'Defying Gravity' and like how the show is trying to bring show tunes to a wider audience.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2011"
10,"A musical mash-up that will have you singing along in the car and singing along! Amazing show and the CD has not slipped! Astounding, but there is a bit of juice missing, Glee looks fit to bring us more and we are sure that they will in the very near future!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2011"
10,"What? I love Glee, and this soundtrack is really fantastic. The covers are really great, the voice of Lea Michelle is uff wow, incredible, is a great album.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2012"
10,"Very good made album with very good voice and singing of Bubl. Everything is perfectly fitted. An excellent tribute to former musicians of Pop/Soul. Michael Bubl has earned deserved recognition.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
2,"Always will love the Babs, but give me Diana Krall instead! The album is on Quaaludes and Xanax, nothing stands out, and I do mean nothing. Barbra is flat in some songs and while the pared down arrangements are good for singers like Krall, it doesn't work for Ms. Streisand's big voice and even bigger interpretations. Sorry, no me gusta!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Nothing but perfect from talented and genius singer. p.s. all music guide rating in their website is 70 not 90.thanks.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"The most inspired and personal album she's made since Higher Ground in 1997.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"I'm a big fan of Barbra's records from the 60's and her new record comes very close to that sophistication and charm of that recording period. I really don't think she's come this close to it really since then. Less is so very much more here. Thanks to Diana for streamlining and helping create a beautiful and sublime record",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"One of Streisand's best ever!!!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
4,"So very boring one cannot avoid falling into a ditch when listing and driving, be aware. Talented as she is this CD has no true extra value, the interpretations are so predictable the voice not as good as in the past, even the fans of the diva will be disappointed, please Mrs S, record something fresh and new already.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
6,"She's trying too hard...just sing Barbra....we and YOU know you can..... But...you still goit it!!!!!",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Thank you Barbra Thank you Diana.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
9,"Streisand was and is the best female vocalist...has been since The Barbra Streisand Album, and still is with Love is The Answer. You can keep your Dions, Houstons, Careys....all fine singers with fine instruments, but there is ONLY one Barbra. At 67, her voice is in MUCH better shape than Mariah 'I only whisper now' Careys or Whitney 'I've so misused my voice I sound like I gargle with gravel' Houston. Bravo, Barbra.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"At such an age, she proved she is still here. Classic singer, classic songs, maybe only in winter can you really have the mood for enjoying this classic album.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2010"
9,"Eclectic, Glamour and so deeply Noir...I have the feeling to be in a boudoir.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2009"
9,"Simply stunning performance",0,0,"May  5, 2009"
10,"Stunning album by someone who is rapidly into an consummate artist.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2009"
9,"Just close your eyes and listen to the lyrics and melody's sweet vocals. If you love Jazz vocals this is a nice album to add to the collection, better yet catch her live you wont regret it.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2009"
8,"Being allergic to smooth jazz singers and the like I was pleasantly surprised that this album was not that. I read somewhere that she was influenced in part by Caetano Veloso - I'm glad that it comes across.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
10,"Soulful, encompassing, at times even spine tingling.  Strong words perhaps, but the more I listen the more the powerful vocals and melodies grip me.Standouts on this album include 'Lover Undercover' - grab your headphones, close your eyes and let the soaring chords, piano interludes and smoky vocals transport you.  'Our Love Is Easy' blends a strong contemporary jazz feel with just the right amount of classical and orchestral accoutrements.  'My One and  Only Thrill' blurs the lines even further with jazz and ballad notes with a full sixty-second orchestral interlude halfway through the track.Whether it's chill out Sunday afternoons, or evenings in front of the fire, add this to your playlist.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2011"
4,"I love Bossa Nova and also I enjoyed Diana Krall's last album very much. But the combination just doesn' t work out. Diana Krall's voice seems out of place, out of tune. The orchestra sounds spiritless and drowsy instead of laid back. The interpretations are lukewarm and uninspired. What a disappointment.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2009"
4,"Not a best effort, Ms. Krall tries to break her formidable mold, and delivers a very nice smooth, and rather boring album. I use it as background music. During dinner. When no one is particularly listening. There is virtually no contrast here, and her voice is too soft and breathyt. I think it's supposed to be romantic, but it comes across as amateurish. She can do so much better than this. Also, the full orchestra used to back her up is so far in the background that it might as well not be there. I guess someone wanted a truly safe album. Only for die hard Krall fans. Or people who don't like jazz much. And in hotel lobbies. Rest homes. Funeral home restrooms.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2009"
6,"Individually the songs are beautiful but together they induce sleep. Lacks the 'snap' of some of the arrangements on 'Look of Love.'",0,0,"Apr 14, 2009"
