0,"fr album is straight depressing, no energy, no hype beats, and the odd thrown in crappy dancehall track doesnt provide any good benefit.  His old stuff was much better,  this is just a huge let down.",2,4,"Aug 17, 2016"
10,"Party's best album imo more experimental and daring than any OvO project released this year the layering in the production and the use of back vocals create a soothing dark & ethereal vibe.",0,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
0,"Very Very Very Boring sounds like a bunch of songs that were leftover from Views. Pretty bad compared to his first body of work. Over hyped yet overrated.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2016"
6,"just listened to the whole album and the impression i was left with was a limited voice carried by the sometimes clever production. I can't see myself returning to listening to this, her voice just started to grate.
Janet Jackson's last longplayer did this much better.",1,5,"Jul 31, 2016"
9,"Despite being inserted in a really buzzed genre in current popular music, NAO has a different take on modern R&B. She put her soul on it. Great voice, great concepts. She's wonderful.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2016"
9,"An outstanding debut from a unique and surprisingly mature artist! It may feel long but her striking voice manages to keep you going to enjoy the brilliant production this great album has to offer.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
9,"O segundo lbum do britnico Michael Kiwanuka  muito mais que a prova cabal do seu talento j demonstrado no excepcional Home Again de 2012. Love and Hate , na verdade, uma avassaladora e contundente crnica sobre os tempos atuais, mas com a cabea virada para o passado para resgatar uma sonoridade que em dcadas passadas era a base perfeita para a mesma funo.
Produzido por Danger Mouse (visto recentemente em The Getaway) e os desconhecidos Inflo e Paul Butler, Love and Hate  como se fosse uma viagem no tempo em direo aos anos setenta em que Marvin Gaye decidiu refletir seriamente sobre o mundo a sua volta, lanando os clssicos que redefiniram o soul music: What's Going On de 1971 e Let's Get It On de 1973. No primeiro lbum, Marvin expressou os seus pensamentos em relao a vrios assuntos que naquela poca eram temas relevantes e que, infelizmente, ainda continuam com a mesmo nfase como, por exemplo, injustia social, pobreza, consumo de drogas e, de forma pioneira, aquecimento global. J no segundo, o cantor fala sobre amor, sexo e todos os sentimentos que ficam entre esses dois. So nesses dois marcos que a produo e Kiwanuka parecem procurar a pilastra base para a construo de Love and Hate, pois  bastante ntido ouvir os ecos de Marvin Gaye a cada segundo do lbum.
Comea pelo incrvel sonoridade construda para o lbum: um soul music de uma grandiosidade de tirar o folgo a cada segundo. Cada uma das dez faixas so verdadeiras excurses vertiginosas em instrumentalizaes que parecem querem expressar todo um mundo de emoes e sentimentos. Ao pegar com referncia a sonoridade soul dos anos setenta e, claro, tendo como porto seguro o trabalho de Marvin Gaye, Love and Hate abraa uma urgncia quase contemplativa. Uma espcie de anomalia temporal ao parecer um trabalho gravado h quarenta ano atrs, mas que tambm encontra bases slidas no atual presente devido a presena de traos modernos de gravao. Entretanto, as canes aqui soam completamente orgnicas e de uma fluidez carismtica que ajuda a transformar faixas de grande durao em momentos de fcil assimilao por quem ouve. Esse  caso da acachapante faixa de abertura Cold Little Heart e os seus mais de dez minutos, sendo quase metade apenas instrumental. A cano tambm ajuda a dar o tom da grandiosidade de Love and Hate, mas que tem na presena de uma atmosfera acstica o contra balano perfeito para no deixar a produo ir alm do que  necessrio, ou seja, a sonoridade no ganhar ares de soberba e exagero sonoro. Tudo isso  embalado pela magnfica presena dos vocais de Michael Kiwanuka, uma verdadeira fora da natureza.
Assim como uma tempestade que comea fraca e aos poucos vai ganhando fora, Kiwanuka transita em todo lbum entregando performances inspiradssimas e um poder contidamente colossal. O britnico no  apenas um cantor com forte presena e alto poder de interpretao, mas, principalmente,  dono de um timbre completamente nico e genial. A voz dele parece ser uma juno do soul Gaye com a gravidade de Nina Simone, mas com o forte peso da influncia de artistas indie pop/R&B/rock que ajuda a criar a sua personalidade. Na triste I'll Never Love  fcil perceber os vrios aspectos que constituem a sua voz em uma performance sensacional. A cano tambm ajuda, pois a sua simples composio  de um teor dramtico impressionante, assim como todas as composies no lbum.
Ao criar verdadeiras reflexes poticas sobre o mundo que o cerca, Kiwanuka fica ainda mais perto da poesia de Gaye, apesar de no ter a mesma genialidade. Solido, famlia, decepo, coraes quebrados e esperanas em encontrar uma sada so os principais temas de Love and Hate, mas  na poderosa critica social que o lbum encontra o seu pice em Black Man in a White World continua a falar sobre o mesmo tema desde Strange Fruit: o lugar do negro na sociedade. Alm das canes j citadas, outros grandes momentos do lbum ficam por conta das faixas Place I Belong, a que d nome ao trabalho Love and Hate, Rule the World e The Final Frame. Love and Hate  um trabalho que merece ser apreciado como um verdadeiro retrato de nosso tempo, mas que no tem medo de olhar para quem ajudou construir essa realidade. E Michael Kiwanuka  o perfeito orador para tais observaes.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"Hauntingly beautiful. Love the voice and love the echoes of Morricone. His first album was good, this one is nithing short of amazing. This will be on every critics top ten!",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
10,"Maxwell, as usual, showcases his talent as the last true R&B crooner. Never waning from his loyal fanbase as showing he takes the time to make music from his heart and experiences, he is trying to cement his legacy as one of the greatest artists of all time. We can only hope he doesn't take seven years for his next masterpiece.",2,2,"Jul  1, 2016"
6,"Such a long time between albums and its a pity since Maxwell is a quality artist. But I did really look forward to this album. Although it maybe my fault for wanting, yearning for another Urban Hang Suite. Which this album is not nor could it be. That being said Maxwell still has his great voice and crooning voice to listen to. But the music he chose for this album is not my favorite. I really couldn't feel much of it as it seems he has said these things before- but in better fashion.",0,1,"Jul  2, 2016"
7,"Quinto lbum da carreira de Maxwell (e segundo da trilogia que comeou em 2009 com BLACKsummers'night), blackSUMMERS'night no  um trabalho com a mesma genialidade de Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite, mas ajuda o cantor a manter uma carreira extremamente regular e vigorosa.
blackSUMMERS'night  um seguro, competente e coeso trabalho R&B contemporneo com bons toques de neo soul, funk e soul tradicional. Talvez o principal erro da produo capitaneada pelo prprio Maxwell e co-produzido pelos parceiros de longa data Hod David e, em duas faixas, com Stuart Matthewman (da banda Sade) seja o fato do lbum soar mais R&B tradicional do que algo que possa ser intitulado como neo soul. No que isso seja algo ruim, mas pelo histrico do artista era esperado algo realmente ousado. Felizmente, o talento de Maxwell  to grande que blackSUMMERS'night navega por essas guas de maneira suave e tranquila e ser perder a sua personalidade: romntico, sensual e completamente envolvente do comeo ao fim. Com batidas calorosas e instrumentalizaes perfeitas, o lbum  a trilha sonora ideal para longas e apaixonadas noites de amor. Do comeo ao fim, o artista convida a quem escuta o lbum para se deixar levar pelas suas crnicas sobre amor, paixo, perdo, sexo e perda sem precisar de grandes arrombos de criao nessa parte. Sempre contido, sincero e com uma beleza elegante, as faixas mostram que a urea de 'gentleman' de Maxwell continua intacta, apenas mais madura. Outro ponto de critica  o fato que, apesar do timo trabalho, Maxwell parece estar com menos brilho vocalmente do que em outros trabalhos. Mesmo assim, o cantor tem timos momentos como em Lake By the Ocean, 1990x e Of All Kind. Alm desses momentos, blackSUMMERS'night tem inspiradas faixas como Listen Hear, Hostage e, a melhor de todas, Lost. Mesmo no sendo o melhor lbum da carreira de Maxwell, o lbum , com certeza, o melhor de R&B do ano at agora e merece ser escutado.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"This album has the most amazing and intricate combination of sounds. I just started listening to it last night and was compelled to buy the entire album.  This album also sets a very interesting mood. When I listen to it, I can imagine myself in an elegant beachfront villa, with all the delights that life can offer. If I ever reach such heights,  this music will be accompanying me there.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2016"
9,"It's different. It's an album for SUMMER. I guess in the next project we'll have the usual Maxwell back.
But it's not bad. He's more experimental than the previous.
Best songs are 'Lake by the Ocean', the very sexy '1990x', 'Lost', 'Of All Kind' and 'Listen Hear'. The second half of the album is better.
I understand the disappointment but frankly it's not bad. Just different.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2016"
8,"Fairly different than the previous album, but still a solid work. There were some songs I personally didn't find enjoyable in the first half of the album, but the second half didn't disappoint.
Standout tracks: 1990x, Lake by The Ocean, Of All Kind, Listen Hear",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
1,"Aska, es un total asco de suerte es j y flop ojal no haya recaudado ni 1000 copias ya que es un asco el lbum el peor que compre en mi vida :(((((((",0,1,"Jul 24, 2016"
8,"Enquanto ainda muitos esto falando de Lemonade da Beyonc, Corinne Bailey Rae lana o seu terceiro lbum aps um hiato de cinco que tem a mesma verne: o empoderamento feminino. Mesmo que no tenha a mesma ousadia de Bey, a cantora faz de The Heart Speaks In Whispers a sua carta sobre encontrar a alegria de viver e amar, depois de enfrentar a dor e o sofrimento.
Para quem no saiba, Corinne Bailey Rae ganhou notoriedade com o seu debut homnimo Corinne Bailey Rae de 2006 que teve como carros-chefe os sucessos Put Your Records On e Like A Star, uma das melhores msicas da dcada passada. Alm de ter vendido quatro milhes de cpias mundialmente, a cantora foi indicada a quatro Grammys entre 2007 e 2008. Entretanto, Corinne sofreu um grande baque quando em 2008 seu marido, o msico Jason Rae, morreu de overdose. Dessa tristeza, a cantora lanou o lindo, maduro e melanclico The Sea em 2010 em que era visvel toda a dor da sua perda. Trs anos mais tarde, Corinne se casou com o produtor Steve Brown. Desse recomeo surge The Heart Speaks In Whispers.
Mesmo que no tenha essa proposta exatamente delimitada, isto , The Heart Speaks In Whispers no  um lbum conceitual, mas  bem clara a existncia de linha dorsal que rege as belssimas composies. Com uma carga potica inspiradssima e uma delicadeza tocante em sua escrita, Corinne e uma seleta e pequena lista de colaboradores entregam um viagem hipnotizante sobre reaprender a amar. Sobre voltar a sentir o corao batendo. Sobre sentir as borboletas furiosas se debatendo no estomago quando ver a pessoa amada. Sobre sofre por amor, mas um sofrimento quase banal em relao ao perder para sempre quem se ama. The Heart Speaks In Whispers  sobre redescobrir como ser feliz. O trabalho primoroso feito no lbum tambm ajuda a mostrar o quanto madura esta a cantora em seu oficio, conseguindo navegar em guas to turvas que  falar sobre amor sem esbarrar no melodramtico exagerado ou no brega explicito. O trabalho  conduzido de maneira com uma elegncia simples e edificante. Nada dito parece fora do lugar ou feito apenas para encher linguia. Cada palavra, verso e estrofe esto cirurgicamente postas nos seus devidos lugares, criando a atmosfera perfeita para a construo da sonoridade de Corinne.
The Heart Speaks In Whispers  uma mistura entre as sonoridades do seu primeiro trabalho e o seu sucessor, isto , uma fuso de R&B/pop mais tradicional e neo-soul com forte influncia de jazz e blues. Dessa maneira, o lbum caminha com eficincia e inteligncia em no deixar Corinne sem a sua personalidade encantadora, mas, tambm, com a responsabilidade de mostrar a evoluo da cantora. Nesse ltimo quesito, a produo guarda algumas surpresas ao longo das dezesseis faixas que compem o lbum como  o caso da viagem emocional da linda Caramel ou a sensual Taken By Dreams com as suas surpreendentes construes e introdues de batidas interessantes, O nico erro em The Heart Speaks In Whispers talvez seja a longa durao da maioria das canes, pois a sua maioria ultrapassa a casa dos quatro minutos. Une-se a isso o fato do lbum ter dezesseis faixas e a sua durao ultrapassa uma hora. Um pequena problema para quem tem o privilegio de ouvir Corinne entregar as suas melhores performances vocais carregadas de uma ternura e emoo contagiantes, alm de mostrar uma versatilidade incrvel sem perder, porm, a sua individualidade vocal. Entre os momentos j citados, The Heart Speaks In Whispers ainda tem momentos maravilhosos como em Do You Ever Think Of Me?, Night, High, Push On For The Dawn e a melhor do lbum Hey, I Won't Break Your Heart. Mesmo sem o mesmo destaque e sucesso comercial de outros lbuns, Corinne Bailey Rae faz de The Heart Speaks In Whispers um trabalho para ser lembrando por quem ouvi-lo.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"An extremely beautiful album! She feels like she is loosening up, enjoying life in the moment. The production is fantastic. Look out for the directions the songs take that will surprise you but leave you in awe. Her voice sounds beautiful even as you wonder how tiny it sounds. Highlights include The skies will break, been to the moon, stop where you are, caramel and taken by dreams.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"Extremely impressed with this album, nineteen85 and Daniel Daley really come through on it. It's old school R & B with a very cool modern twist, I prefer this to Views to be completely honest, thus album is actually very underrated as well. The production is so nightly, some real night mood type stuff, very sensual, and very Toronto.",2,2,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Found DVSN back when he first came out with 'with me.' ever since I have been watching his progress and this album reflects his unique R&B style of music. Amazing Album!!!",4,5,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Also discovered them when ''With Me'' came out & the mysteriousness around them just made me hang on every little thing they did since. Sept 5th is a work of art, it's such a beautifully produced album. I feel Daniel Daley and Nineteen85 have only just begun & I'll be watching from the front row. Fan for life.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2016"
10,"Coming from a big Drake fan, I loved the album. His singing and vocals have improved a lot, I think that Drake and 40 made a great work here. As for the part that everyone was expecting a rap album, Drake has said several times that even though he is a rapper, and has been know for his rap skills, he likes and enjoys singing. Good to know that the 2-year wait is finally over and I'm able to have this album on repeat. :)",16,41,"Apr 29, 2016"
4,"Very underwhelming. A very lengthy album with not much standing out. Too long and repetitive to want a second listen. While there are a few catchy songs, there are a lot of cringe-worthy lines and verses in here. Features seem to be very dry and lackluster (some to the point of actually irritating to listen to) Bad features with famous artists doesn't make for a good album like many expected. Take the low points of NWTS and add in poorly intimidated 80's-90's dancehall and reggae music. 3 or 4/10",3,3,"May  2, 2016"
3,"I'm not sure anymore if Drake truly understands what made him famous. He seems to release his raps on mix tapes and his 'singing' on his full albums. Unfortunately, his 'singing' only works when the songs are well written.  These are not.  The beats are slow. The lyrics lack significantly, and I found myself nearly skipping every single song after listening through it a few times.  The only songs worth listening to are the ones that have already been released as singles. To have hyped this for so long and for it to be this bad is mind boggling to me. If anything, I always appreciated Drake because I felt like in the studio, if things didn't sound right, he'd wouldn't settle until it was perfect. Now, all I hear is hurried, lazy and uninspired songs... which is strange for an album he was apparently working on for the last year or more.",3,3,"May  6, 2016"
4,"Very disappointing album, and like many critics said, it feels bloated at 1h20min long... the quality of the lyrics just isn't there and some of the songs are painfully boring, especially the one feat Party, what a crap song... Geez... only 2-3 tracks I appreciate out of 20! I love every other Drake project since the beginning, this one is PAINFUL to listen to.",2,2,"May  6, 2016"
6,"This album is kind of what is expected from a Drake album: songs about exes and heartbreak with a few conceited bangers mixed in. While the production on the album is very strong throughout, Drake did not bring much of anything that he has not done before to the table. His lyricism throughout is repetitive and inconsistent, focusing on old relationships, just as all of his other albums do to a certain degree. It clocks in at around 80 minutes and it feels even longer, as it is a rather boring album. I'd put at the bottom of the list of Drake albums, as even the one new style he tried to introduce onto the album, the tropical style found in songs like Controlla and Hotline Bling, does not really work that well. Interestingly, I found the instrumental outros on songs like U With Me? and Faithful, among others, to be highlights of the album. Drake is very good at his craft and this album is still a solid output, but it just does not reach its full potential and definitely does not justify the hype, as it feels a bit mailed-in. 6.2/10. Stand-out tracks: U With Me?, Hype, Redemption, Still Here, One Dance, Grammys, and Views.",1,1,"May 15, 2016"
4,"Views feels like no effort was put in. More than half of the tracks were very uninteresting and basically re-scores of each other. Some of the songs are cool with great bars, rhythms, and transitions but the project itself doesn't make any sense. 40 and the producers made some great music though. I'm gonna forget this album immediately.",1,1,"May 18, 2016"
3,"Drake's supposed magnum opus finds itself falling far below expectations. The biggest issue with this album has to be the lyrics, which are mediocre at best and cringe-worthy at worst. Lines such as 'I got so many chains they call me Chaining Tatum' are so bad that I can't even muster up the desire to listen to the songs they belong to. You could have a VIEWS drinking game; whenever Drake rhymes a word with itself, take a shot - I guarantee you'll be unconscious by the 5th track. Although Drake makes up for this somewhat by surrounding his music in a few decent beats and singing, he's not s strong enough a singer to carry him as much as he relies on it to. The end of 'U got me?' was a revealing point of this album, as Drake shows more emotion and ambition than the entire rest of the album combined. Despite being a mighty 20 tracks long, VIEWS comes off as lazy and unambitious, content to stick to safer sounds and overdone subject matter. Overall, there are a few nice sounding hooks and beats on this thing, but the horrible emceeing from Drake and total lack of vision and ambition on this album makes it very skippable.",1,1,"May 18, 2016"
6,"I had high hopes with what Drake would be giving us, but alas he lets me down yet again with this laughable output. The most hyped album in Drizzys career comes up short with this unnecessarily long project that is just a mess from beginning to end. The whole beginning is so forgettable and boring that you could literally take a nap and wake up and you would still think you were listening to the same-sounding song. I could see what he was going for on this album, and a lot of Toronto-based citizens will appreciate the sound that Drake is giving back to his city, but it just falls flat to me throughout. The album started off very solidly with the first track, and ended on a high note with Hotline Bling, and there were also a few bright spots here and there, but the album as a whole is just disappointing.",1,1,"May 28, 2016"
3,"Om really not impressed with this album. There are a few good tracks but with poorly written bars. I wish that there would've been less Caribbean flavoured songs, because it all just sound redundant. And finally, the most important thing that was lacking in this album is GROWTH. He seemed to have forgot that, which is why I gave him the score of 3",1,1,"May  5, 2016"
4,"Very disappointing effort by Drake on this new album. Awful dance track production, lackluster and shallow lyrics highlight this follow-up to Nothing Was The Same. Why not a follow-up to IYRTITL? Well, it seems as if Drake forgot that IYRTITL was hailed as a positive change in direction for the artist, or forgot about creating that mixtape at all.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
4,"An overall underwhelming album, Views is often boring, which tracks such as with 'Too Good' and 'Weston Road Flows' providing the most quality on an otherwise rather dull offering from an artist whose career seems to be past its best.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
4,"I have never been a big fan of Drake. I've never truly enjoyed a project of his (prior to 'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' which I thought was a solid 7/10) for a myriad of reasons, but most importantly the use of bland instrumentation, the mediocre singing, the total lack of lyricism, the simp anthems, the overall 'captain save a ho' vibe, etc. He's just not my cup of tea.
Besides 'If You're Reading This..' VIEWS is my favorite Drake project so far, and I think a 4/10 is pretty accurate to what this project earns. The first track has the only legitimately ambitious instrumental on the project, half of the songs are bland, tasteless and uninteresting, there are only two actual bangers on the project, and to be honest, the best song might still be 'Hotline Bling' which has been included as a Bonus track rather than embedded within the album. I was hoping Drake would continue to realize that the whole schmuck gimmick had died off, but he fails to maintain the respect he instilled in me (and many others) with his last project.
Hopefully we get something more impressive from him next time, but honestly I doubt it.",1,1,"May  8, 2016"
4,"This is what we get after a 2 year wait? Drake didn't try anything new with this record, he gave us insecurity, whining, trust issues, and really bad struggle bars. I was a big fan of If You're Reading this It's too Late, he showed a big-boy confidence level and showed himself like he wasn't gonna be shook, the beats were dope, and it was overall cohesive. This album won't stand the test of time, and even Drake knows that because he's going to be releasing more music this summer. Not a good project, especially for something as hyped up as this.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
1,"Worst album. Wasted my time listening to this! This is the rather disappointing. Was actually listening to take care you can tell the difference.i believe meek Mill's claims drake doesn't and can't write on his own .stuff !",1,1,"May  5, 2016"
8,"VIEWS has received mixed reviews in general from both fans and critics. However I feel that Drake's new style works for him, and it's just very different than what we're used to. And most of the songs on this album are solid. The two drawbacks are: One, the length. Rap albums are supposed to be longer than regular albums, however the standard edition of VIEWS feels like the deluxe edition, even though there is no deluxe version of the album. Two, this album has been hyped for over two and a half years, which is a little too long. Rihanna's 'Anti' went on for one and a half tears which is still long, cut at least she released a few singles. Other than that this album is pretty good, not his best work, but not his worst at all.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2016"
6,"I think the album shows a little of the best of Drake, but ...
There are times when it sounds repetitive, always, at some point of the album, their past albums come to mind, for sound somewhat similar.
Despite this, the album also has its high points, with Drake exploring new paths on some tracks, like 'One Dance' or 'Controlla', or in production, which used samples very well, something that magnifies the album.
Basically, 'Views' is a project in which Drake continues doing what he always did, which makes it a bit tiring. It's a good album, but disappointing. It could have been better if the he had risked more out of your comfort zone.",1,1,"Jul  9, 2016"
5,"Decent album overall, but it always was going to be with the quality of producers and creatives Drake surrounds himself with. Did not attempt to push the boundaries in any way or experiment with any new sounds, his discography is beginning to look like a collection of sequels to one another as opposed to stand alone projects. He will always have recognition in the industry due to commercial success, but his legacy will undoubtedly be tainted if he is unable to adapt to and create new trends.",12,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"what was he thinking? bland, repetitive, lifeless, devoid of energy or creativity. just heavily pop or dancehall influenced tracks with **** forgettable bars and a near-complete lack of impressive moments that used to fill drake albums. its a typical drake album without the typical drake quality. trash.",6,7,"May  2, 2016"
5,"A very mediocre effort, something everyone should be used to from drake. album is bloated and lacks cohesion. a lot of cringe worthy bars and weak flows.  being unchallenged as the biggest name in rap really hasn't helped him",11,13,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"The track list for this album initially put me off, because for me personally, 20 songs is a lot for an album. When it did come to the time to listen to it, by the 6th track i felt like it was dragging. I read some of his quotes and understood the theme he was going for but still thought too many tracks were included. I listened to the album a couple times over and maybe enjoyed 5 songs in total (maybe 6 if he would've left Popcaan on Controlla). The production was great at some points but the album felt incohesive as a whole and honestly didn't live up to the hype. For someone who is undoubtedly one of the biggest rappers out right now the album felt safe and doesn't show much growth. u with me, feel no ways, with you, summers over interlude and fire & desire are some of highest points of his album along with the production.",11,13,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"I think Drake as an Artist is Dope and is very smart with his moves. Every time Drake has released a project whether an Album or surprise Mix-tape he has elevated the game. And each time there was a consistent progression in style and sound.
On first listen, Views it did not give me an overwhelming feeling one way or the other. But to be honest neither did some other really good albums that have stood the test of time, so It will probably grow on me. But its disappointing to see an Artist at the apex of his career just re-package the same thing he just gave us. Overall, Views is a commercially 'safe' album.
My brother and I had a similar conversation when Rihanna released 'Work' which I was luke warm on when it came out but then found myself singing it like a rash I couldn't get rid of. Now its one of my favorite songs from her. But I don't know if that's the kind of full Album I want from an Artist who is the Biggest Rap Star on the Planet. 'Worst Behavior' was one of the edgiest records I'd heard  in years and 'hotline Bling' was f*cking Brilliant. Drake is Smart, as a fan of his music I just hope he continues to be edgy.
In the 80's, Superstar Eddie Murphy at the top of his Game was asked why he doesn't do stand up anymore and his answer was: 'it's hard to be funny when your writing jokes on a $80,000 Oak Desk'. Maybe the same goes for making a rap album when your View is from the back of a Rolls Royce Wraith.",8,10,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"After 3 full listens: Favorite song is U With Me. Theres some parts in some songs that stick out to me but theres not really any songs as a whole that stick out. The singing sounds a bit forced and is kinda boring and the lyrics are really lacking. He says a lot of the same stuff but without the flare.",8,10,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"Now I enjoyed drake's earlier stuff including his earlier albums from the early 2010's, but this new album has got to be the worst albums drake has ever made, but more painfully it is also one of the worst albums of 2016, drake looks like he so lost in this it's hopeless, none of these songs are interesting except 2, the lyrics look more pathetic than ever, the beats are stupid and drake is just plain tired, this is a haplessly and hopeless piece of material that I think should be the beginning of the end of drake, a real big letdown, I gave it a d.",4,5,"May  2, 2016"
3,"Drake. The man who somehow became the biggest name in Rap without actually rapping. Views comes just a few short years after his last solo album 'Nothing Was The Same'. In the meantime Drake released a solo mixtape 'If You're Reading This, It's Too Late' which was solid, but nothing game changing. Then his mixtape with Future that spawned the single 'Jumpman' where Drake just Drakes all over Future beats while Future was just there for the ride. Then during all that he won a very lob-sided feud over Meek Mill. Though Mill had a better position on the issue, Drake slaughtered him with a series of pretty mediocre diss tracks.
It's been a solid five years since Drake has release a great album. His 2011 album 'Take Care' was nothing short of phenomenal. With a few duds at the end, it wasn't a classic, but it does have a big handful of the best tracks Drake has ever had anything to do with. Views is basically tracks 12-18 on Take Care but less interesting. It's slow, uninspired, lazy lyrics and nothing that tells you to stick around.
Drake completely out-draked Drake in the most Drake way possible in Views. At twenty tracks long we hear some tracks that could have been enjoyable had the beats been a little bit more pronounced and in your face, but they all seem extremely watered down. To make matters worse Drake took out the features from Poppocan, Kanye West and Jay Z. Drake just Drakes all over every single track and even when there is a guest feature, Drake shows up and Drakes over their part. It's almost as if he just can't handle not having complete control over this album. What's sad is that the guest features on this album are the parts that give this album life, but they're so few and far between the album just seems dead in between.
Lyrically the album is so Drake that it hurts. It's so uninspired, and it spawns some of the weakest lines ever put into a rap song. 'Like when Crystler made that one car that looked just like the bently.' What in the? It's like Drake can't have enough Drake so he's having conversations with himself in the music. It's painful to say the least.
Ultimately this Drake is so Drake that not even Drake can Drake enough. So Drake just Drakes all over this Drake and Drake just Drakes Drake Drake. Drake.
This Drake Gets Three Drakes out of Ten Drakes.",7,9,"May  2, 2016"
1,"Decent Production. Bad Songwriting. = Overall underwhelming and disappointing album. Quantity over quality for sure is the mantra of this album. Pablo continues to hold the album of the year crown. One Dance is the best song of album",6,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
4,"Another album of typical Drake fare. This album should be enough to reveal that Drake is a one-trick pony, incapable of any real emotional introspection, but as long as he maintains the hype we can expect 4 more albums of the same in the future. The album's only saving grace is the production, a recurring theme in modern mainstream Hip-Hop (have you heard The Life of Pablo?). For all his talk of growth and vocal prowess, there is little of both here. Not a bad album, but certainly not one with any real replay value.",6,8,"May  1, 2016"
5,"Most instrumentally impressive, most lyrically unimpressive. It took me three listens to get through the entire album. Seems more like a stream-of-consciousness rather than a planned effort.",3,4,"May  7, 2016"
0,"what was he thinking? bland, repetitive, lifeless, devoid of energy or creativity. just heavily pop or dancehall influenced tracks with **** forgettable bars and a near-complete lack of impressive moments that used to fill drake albums. its a typical drake album without the typical drake quality. trash.",3,4,"Jun 20, 2016"
6,"With a couple pf listens through the album, it's safe to say it did not live up to the hype but there was no way of living up to the hype it was getting. Drake played it very safe with this album, adding no creativity. It's still a decent album, it's not bad enough to wake up the hypnotized fans of Drake who worship him as a god. The hype for this album was so overboard, I feel the surprise release mix tape from a year ago  'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' was better.",11,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"If there's one phrase that could sum this album up it would be; lack of growth. This album is boring, the R&B which dominates the album lacks any sort of excitement, the rap lacks any lyricism and is the same flow you'd expect to hear. For being the 'top of the game' you'd expect this album to be groundbreaking, to bring growth, to set a new standard for others to follow. But this album just brings all the different drakes we've heard and puts them in an underwhelming yawn of an album.",8,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"This is pretty much Drake's worst album, It's boring, rushed, and just repetitive. The best songs on the album were already released before the album. I gave it a 3 star to be nice",10,14,"Apr 30, 2016"
6,"Decent album, but kinda deceiving. I respect artists that try to be creative by making new stuff on every new project. Sadly, Views is basically Take Care mixed with If You're Reading This It's Too Late. To me Nothing Was The Same is his best album (and even it would be better with more singing) because it had good beats and all of them sounded different. I'm getting tired of the trap beats Drake raps on. His mixtape was full of them but it was not an actual studio album, it was really successful and also that was new to him, so I understand that. But the rap songs here have average lyrics and beats are not that good as some of his diehard fans claim. There are certainly some catchy tracks on Views and some good moments, but he seems to be at a point on his career where he doesn't know which direction he should take. He made this album to please his fans, now for the next time he should make an album to please the art.",7,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
1,"Decent Production. Bad Songwriting. = Overall underwhelming and disappointing album. Quantity over quality for sure is the mantra of this album. Pablo continues to hold the album of the year crown.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"you would think an album called views from the 6 (og title) would have a tight concept about where this **** is from...tales about how the city made him who he is today...but just going thru these songs and thinking back to previous albums....the main topics dude ever touches are past relationships and **** about his boys that he grew up with or close friends...I have not one **** clue how 'the 6' influenced this ****s childhood to make him the man he is today.....I literally thought this was the route the album was going but instead it's another ok album with off-key singing about a **** that he wanted (or had) that got saved by auto tune and depressed flows about nothing I could give a **** about...you can tell this **** lived a somewhat sheltered life or it was boring as **** where he lived....you can't be this predictable with your music beloved...
I'm not asking for street tales either...we all know that's not his steez...but good lord...I could give one of my fav. rappers the title 'views from the 6' as a concept and say go to work and I would be expecting some crazy creative **** about toronto, growing up, influences, the ups n downs....music that make go :wow: this **** is a problem....I've honestly never felt that way about any of this ****s music...it just don't resonate with me like that. I just knew this **** was gonna be lackluster because I just knew that title was just what it was...a title, he doesnt have that 'gift' to craft the **** I expect from 'one of the best rappers in the game' type ****s...",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"Not his best. In fact, If You're Reading This It's Too Late and Take Care are more interesting listens than this. The die hard drake fans will enjoy, but it won't be a big album for the casual fan.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Drake goes WAY to safe on this on. This album literally lulled me to sleep. Nothing new or exciting on this album. If you are looking for bangers similar to the ones on 'If You Are Reading this It's Too Late' you will not find them here.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
1,"I am a drake fan. for sure. I wanted to love this album like all his past ones... I truly did........but this album sucked. I've listened to it 5 times trying so hard to get into it. its not working for me. sorry, bruh.",6,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"lame trap beats with uninspired production and average lyrics. Drake's VIEWS are limited and show his one dimensionality as a rapper and failure to branch out from his traditional style and make his work more interesting",6,9,"May  1, 2016"
5,"I came into this Album thinking, How could Drake possibly outdo Nothing Was the Same....Well....unfortunately, He did not succeed in doing so. With so many late night ride tracks on Nothing Was the Same, I feel as though Drake was playing it safe yet giving us diversity. 40 showed up well on the tracks but I think after If You Reading its Too Late often reaps its head here. Just to keep it quick, I see 20 tracks and I did not get that goose bump sense or that repeat vibe from tracks. Mixing afropop, 80s, 90s, up tempo sounds, Drake's new album seem like it would have fit between Take Care and Nothing was the Same as apposed to a true Successor. While some tracks give creative us 'Okay Drake you got me' moments, its just few and far. Tracks to listen in on: 9, U With Me, Weston Road Flows, Views, and the song I can repeat right now most would say its something straight out of 808's and Heartbreak is Feel No Ways. Is it worth the Buy? Maybe, considering the amount of content offered. However, quality is always better than quantity.",4,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"I myself was disappointed in this album, after how long it took and how disappointing his 2015 projects were, i was pretty damn let down by this album, views from the 6? more like views from the 6/20",2,3,"May  2, 2016"
5,"it's actually so mediocre, it's not that good :( I really expected more from Drake but to be honest zayn's and beyonce's albums are the best of 2016 so far",2,3,"May 13, 2016"
6,"I was very disappointed i expected so much more, Drake barley raps on this. The sound is all over the place one second its rap ,than r n b, then reggie it just comes of as unfinished. Additionally this has the most mediocre tracks out of any drake project",13,20,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"An album that could definitely benefit from some resequencing and fat-trimming of the filler cuts from a tracklist that is bloated, sluggish and boring, with a few moments of brilliance and some excellent standout tracks.",7,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Esperava muito mais. Acho que com tantas expectativas acabei me frustando com um lbum to fraco.
espero gostar com o tempo, mas at o momento no me desceu",7,11,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"Noah '40' Shebib is a fantastic producer, but he was faced with an impossible task here in making this project interesting from start to finish. The subject matter was classic Drake, with boasts of being on top and laments of relationships gone wrong and friendships turned sour. It was all surface level, with no great detail of any of these stories offered to keep the listener interested. Similar ground was covered to a superior standard on Take Care & NWTS. It continues to baffle me how Drake is so popular. His songs are beginning to blur together at this point- identical tempos and subject matter & uncreative, meandering flows sang with the same puppy dog inflection. It's all getting very boring now. Drake is due a major reinvention as an artist (subject matter, production, flows, ANYTHING) if he wants to go down with the greats and I'm very disappointed it didn't come close to fruition on this album. It was all one long interlude with not much happening, lots of filler, forgettable features and an impressive production style that all the same grew very tiresome due to a lack of variation over what was a way overlong album. I have no doubt the masses will eat this up but that is more of a sad indictment of the fickle nature of music 'fans' rather than an appraisal of Drake's talent behind a mic, which is exposed as no more than average album-by-album.",7,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
1,"ALBUM IS SAFE AND ABSOLUTELY BORING. NOAH '40' SHEBIB is in top form but ya boy Drake..........I dunno what's happening. This harkens back to the days of take care with the level of introspection and all. Only difference is the subject matter is now tired and repetitive: you still got Drake wallowing in his woes, reminiscing on his past and ex tales. This should have worked but it's so surface level that it fails to grab my attention , and that's not good considering this is a 20 track record.
Drake is absolutely dominating mainstream hip hop and has no competition when it comes to appeal and sales. Maybe that's the problem; maybe that's why he sounds so bored and maybe that's why this album is  so boring imo.",5,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Overall this album is really boring and shows no growth what so ever from Drake. He's to scared to take risks and it feels like another redundant Drake album that we haven't heard before.",8,13,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"IYRTITL is my favourite of Drake's projects and I loved Hotline Bling so I was really looking forward to this but unfortunately I'm really disappointed. This album is a bloated, half-assed snoozefest. Future's verse on Grammys is straight up one of the worst verses on any track that I've heard all year. Hotline Bling is still great, but other than that, Pop Style and a couple tracks near the beginning of the album, there is nothing here that is worth revisiting. I'm really not a fan of this recent trend in hip hop where the artists will just release a ton of songs on an album and totally disregard any kind of quality control; it leads to this, which is an album consisting primarily of a few good singles and a bunch of b-sides. If he could've cut this down to like 9 or 10 tracks I think it might have actually been decent but this is not worth 70+ minutes of anyone's time. 3/10",11,18,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"This album was absolutely TERRIBLE. It's disgustingly trash. This album apparently had years of hype and it failed to live up to even 1% of it. This was supposed to be Drake's greatest album yet. Instead of that it was just a messy album filled with different sounds that were mediocre in themselves. As far as rapping goes he struggles to lift off the concrete and soar in the sky like someone of his caliber should. I could find soundcloud rappers who rap better than him. His flow is always on point though. The production on this album is interesting and amazing as well. Unfortunately the main thing that drags this album down is it's inability to live up to the years of hype, and his soul sapping boring flow, the struggle bars, and lack of any rapping talent past his flow and aggressiveness.
Now I see why you're done with the Hype Drake, and now I am too. 3/5",9,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"Drake is not progressing as an artist.  He used up all his tracks on 'In case you're reading this its too late'.  I don't believe he knew how commercially successfully that mixtape would be.  I believe that is a genuinely talented - as evident by his acting and previous classic albums.  This album is by no means great.  It's dull and lacks any theme. 20 tracks is outrageous especially throwing in Hotline Bling is just bizarre.  There are a few good tracks in this album, & proper use of samples. But as an album this isn't cohesive whatsoever.",3,5,"May  2, 2016"
5,"Come on mehn Drake? Seriously? Right now, you're at the top of mainstream rap, and you give us this recycled Nothing Was the Same dump? Really? This album should have been your white album, yet you again played it safe... wasted potential.",3,5,"May  3, 2016"
6,"Listening to 'Views' was entirely frustrating. It's clunky, bloated, irritating and occasionally downright boring. But with that said, there is some interesting material rammed into this 20 track offering.
On this release, Drake tosses everything he's ever done to rap out the window to focus on R&B and dancehall, which are seen as primary influences in the middle of the record ('Controlla', 'One Dance'). On tracks that do contain rap, the bars seem tired and lacking passion compared to his older LPs. Still, there is a bit of grit on standout tracks 'Still Here' and 'U With Me?'. This back and forth between genres, though seemingly unfocused, somewhat aligns with Drake's goal of creating a record that starts in winter, cycles through summer and returns to winter.
The record has a story and interesting tones as well as several excellent tracks but overall it seems too packed and way overhyped. 20 tracks doesn't seem necessary. At least 7 weren't needed at all and others could've been shortened or condensed into other songs.
Overall, nearly 90% of everything on Views was a risk and maybe 50% of that risky material paid off. The other stuff? Kind of forgettable. Stick with 'Take Care' and 'Nothing Was the Same' and come back to 'Views' when you're finally tired of them.
And I'm still mad 'Controlla' was ruined. Popcaan >>",7,12,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"When first listening to the able i was under the assumption that there will be bars on every song, I was wrong. Pop style was the only the song where drake wasn't trying to be a **** Canadian Frank Ocean. THE EMPEROR HAS NEW CLOTHES",7,12,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"Even for those who enjoy this album.. its not a 10. So please don't take any 10/10 review seriously. These are Drake stans trying to make themselves like an incredibly mediocre album. They think by getting a high rating other people will magically agree that its good. This is not a good album. The singing portion lacks any form of catchy melody, his attempts at 'new flows' are bad and otherwise he brings nothing new to the table. With new talents like Tory Lanez and Bryson Tiller it was really foolish to release a primarily singing album when he can't really sing. The lyricism is non-existent and hes basically saying the same stuff he always has but he lacks the flair he had in the past. Overall I'm really disappointed. Go refresh yourself by looking at the Take Care trackless.. quickly you remember how memorable they were. None of the songs on Views will resonate with you the way those did.",11,19,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"The album is way too long. It was dreadful getting through the whole thing. It also sounds very redundant. Same sounds, same vocals, same beats. Being the biggest rapper, drake has the spotlight on him and unfortunately he did not deliver. And this is coming from a drake fan",8,14,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"Dull, Tedious, Boring, Monotonous, Repetitious, Uneventful
This album us a tiresome journey that you can't wait to be over even before it really starts.",4,7,"May  1, 2016"
0,"No clear direction and atleast 14 of the songs sounded like fillers he just threw in. I cannot stress how repetitive this album is, from the content to the lack of direction. Very messy and slight boring at times. No exciting factor. I have to say the hype for this album was merely hype and the album didnt live up to the hype.",9,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Did not live up to the hype of the apple promotion. Disshoveled  and out of place tracks, songs that could have been from his old albums no clear path or creative meaning, gotta say as a drake fan this is one of his worst album. I hope he learns from this mistake in the future and evolves",9,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
9,"THIS ALBUM IS PERFECT !!!!
Drake is King. Too Good, Controlla and One Dance are HOLLY FVKING TRINITY. Every song is masterpiece. Anyway I really love it. Well done Drizzy !!!!!",5,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Views is in fact pretty much all hype and no substance. The production is nice but even that isn't outstanding, just a revisit of earlier modes and styles of sound. Very disappointing and lazy album.",6,11,"May  2, 2016"
3,"Okay, for all of you who think I'm just hating on Drake & thinks that Meek Mill totally won that battle (which he didn't), I actually like Drake. I used to have a distaste for him, then he released a great album (If Your Reading This, It's Too Late) and Mixtape (What a Time To Be Alive). Hell, I even liked Take Care. Summer Sixteen was a great single I thought. This is criticism based on a artistic perspective, not a hater perspective.
How are the singles on this thing. First, Pop Style doesn't have the Throne on here, which I thought on that track they were a wasted opportunity on there, so, that's alright. One Dance is EASILY, one of the WORST songs I've heard this year so far. I hoped this stayed off here, but, it's here and I am mad. Faithful is the same, a good track, Pimp C is good on it. I don't hate it. I do hate how Hotline Bling is on here. SERIOUSLY, IT MAKES NO SENSE LYRICALLY AND IT MAKES ME WANT TO FALL ASLEEP! Same goes for the album. I never wanted Thank Me Later Drake again. But we got him, and it's WORSE than that album. He's only rapping on about 5-6 tracks, where we got the If Your Reading This Drake. In fact, I did like a few of his singing tracks, like Faithful, Weston Road Flows, and Controlla. I did also like 9, Hype, With You, Grammys, Childs Play, and Views. That's it for highlights. I'm fine with slow moving Hip-Hop, if it's done well. Here, it's not, no, not at all. If you only actually LOVE 2-20 tracks (Weston Road Flows and Views) you didn't do something right drake. The beat work is mediocre, the lyrics are sloppy, Drake's story isn't interesting, the features are average, and it's way too long (which doesn't help it being slow moving). Why didn't I give it a 1 or a light 2? Well, I enjoyed 9 tracks, but only came out with 2 that i legit will enjoy for a long time. If he put Summer 16 on here, he would've came out with half i enjoyed and 3 i loved. In fact, remove One Dance, Too Good, Summers Over (the non sensical interlude). redemption, Hotline Bling, U With Me?, Feel No Ways, and Still Here. Put a Summer Sixteen and a few actually good tracks that have not been released yet, you can cut the track list down 1/4 and a 1/2 AND have a good album. As of now though, this is his WORST album yet. Sad to give this a....
3/10",11,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"This album is unbelievable, it has everything. From an ''artistic'' point of view, everything is so cohesive. Even though all tracks have their own strong identity. From a technical point of view, I'm an audio engineer and I never heard something so well mixed and mastered of my life... It's all so perfect, everything hits perfectly, all the elements are CLEAR and smooth at the same time. Lot of different colours, nuances and it's full of little secrets that you'll discover trough the time. It really is a masterpiece.",8,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"Found it weak, basic, repetitive in its beat. Seems like he has been doing the same thing for all his albums, time to change it up. I was expecting something more sense it has been four albums since his best album, 'Take Care.'",6,12,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Views is in fact pretty much all hype and no substance.  The production is nice but even that isn't outstanding, just a revisit of earlier modes and styles of sound.  Drake does a lot of singing and little rapping and when he does rap, you don't need to buckle your seat belts.  It's that safe.  Just a lot of talk on stale rotten love and Drake's selfish spoiled boy braggadocio.",5,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"Simply put, this doesn't feel like it's by the same Drake and 40 who brought us Take Care and Nothing Was The Same, two albums that are classics.
I mean, has anybody else heard the songs 'Days In The East', 'Views From The 6' (that one leaked song), or 'Can I'?! Those songs sounded darker and edgier than everything else Drake has done, and I expected to hear a darker, edgier follow-up to Nothing Was The Same. Instead, there's a bunch of cliche Drake songs and re-hashings of his previous sounds. There are some dope tracks, but it's disappointing to see Drake and 40 not challenge themselves. Drake even mentioned that he made most of the album last winter, which doesn't make sense to me because he's been 'working' on the album for 2 years now; doesn't he have ANYTHING to show for it besides this?
Plus, why did Drake feel the need to do dancehall songs on one of his solo albums? It comes across as uninspired. If you're going to pull a Kendrick Lamar and get into another genre, you have to do it right. Drake clearly just wants to sell a lot of albums and get more fans than what he has. I really hope he redeems himself and saves his legacy on his next album.",4,8,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Views is the pinnacle of mediocrity and an artist who has given up on his craft. Drake's lost all of his ambition and now relies purely on the size of his fanbase. He no longer cares to make great music, just meme-generating generic radio-friendly tracks to cash in on as little effort as possible. This album reeks laziness from his bars to his flows. The quality producers surrounding Drake is the only thing keeping this record afloat. The producers are responsible for the two points I give this project.",4,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
4,"This n*gga is not for me. I don't want to hate, just sayin' I don't like this **** I mean, all the falsetto and soft beats....ain't hip hop. 20 songs and all have this n*gga singing falsetto. I mean, you have Pimp c on the album and even that track is WEAK. Who is ridin' listening to this album? Girls and fakes, I could see. But this ain't for me and I ain't buyin'.",3,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
8,"If you expected a 11/10 album, then don't listen to it. It's Drake doing what he does best on any actual album we ever got from him and 40, IYRTITL is NOT an album, it's a mixtape, that 40 didn't have too much influence over. This album is not filled with 20 bangers that are gonna be bumped in the club 24/7. This album is not on a Kendrick level of lyricism. What this album offers is refined production filled with songs that can appeal to ANY person. There are songs that will appeal to your heart. There are songs that will appeal to your feet and get you dancing. There are also a couple bangers. If you are one of those people that expected Drake to come out with 20 songs of epic fire, then go listen to something else.
The album is decent. It needs a couple listens to understand all the nuances. Those of you that became Drake fans after IYRTITL, you won't like this album.",3,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"A grower but once you get into it you'll love it. People are afraid of Drakes success that why they're giving it low scores, listen to it yourself and then do that again and again and you'll love it",3,6,"May  3, 2016"
3,"A complete misfire worth of 'Tha Carter IV' and, even worse, 'LASERS' status. The lack of preparation and focus is evident on this project, proving it the black sheep in a great catalog.",1,2,"May  3, 2016"
5,"Mediocre at best. Majority of songs were very sloppy and seemed to be made with little effort. It was a forgettable album as nothing stood out lyrically or musically, and just disappointing considering all the hype around this album before it's release.",1,2,"Jul  9, 2016"
3,"Complete utter trash....I was expecting so much more and fell asleep on the first listen, no lie. This was suppose to be a classic but it was a disappointed.",1,2,"May  3, 2016"
5,"Not a very good album all things considered. The album sounds like a mixture of all his past albums. You can hear Take Care, Nothing Was the Same and IYARTITL/WATTBA on various tracks on the album. It just get boring since you have heard these exact tracks before. His lyrics are the same no lie. He is saying exactly the same things we have heard from him on previous tracks/albums. No progression whatsoever. The only new sound we get on this album is the afro-pop inspired sound (on just 2/3 tracks). If he had made an album based on that sound, this album would have been killer since the tracks with that sound are the best on the album (One Dance, Hotline Bling, Too Good). Many of the tracks sound like something any rap artist of nowadays would make, which is a very bad thing to say about anyone, least of all Drake. Drake needs to step up to the plate and explore within his soul to create a masterpiece, not this. 6/10",10,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"This is pretty much Drake's worst album, It's boring, rushed, and just repetitive. The best songs on the album were already released before the album.  I gave it a 3 star to be nice.",12,26,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Lazy album which lacks his once creative touch. I feel like the album is too consumed into creating memorable lyrics that it forgets about memorable music. I would not adivse to purchase or even stream - I'm sure (hope) the hype for the album will simmer down and Drake gets back to his old style.",6,13,"May  1, 2016"
3,"Just general Drake. Nothing new or exciting, didn't live up to the hype considering he's 'the biggest/best rapper of our generation'. I mean its quite sad that arguably the best song is something that we've heard and has peaked already. Need more from him but i guess it is what it is.",11,24,"Apr 29, 2016"
9,"Drake and his producers in top form. Loving the album as a whole, captivating and complex productions with Drake doing this thing on em effortlessly and having fun at the same time. Every one of his features delivered too. Views only has a few big guest names like Future and Rihanna but they have great chemistry with him musically ('Grammys' is going to be a summer banger like Jump Man). There aren't many disses towards Meek or anyone he's made enemies with, but if you listen closely you'll find some hard subtle jabs on a few tracks like 'Hype'. I'm glad he didn't make those distractions the focus of the album though and made it more about his roots, his family and the city he represents.  Overall, I think this is Drake's best and most cohesive sounding work to date; he's really found what makes him consistent and refined it to the maximum. Views definitely lives up to the hype and I think it will be seen by many as a classic album in the near future.",10,22,"Apr 29, 2016"
2,"Really disappointing in my opinion. I have enjoyed Drakes music in the past but this album is just very boring to listen to in my opinion and just sounds so similar to his other work. Needs new direction a new sound a new style; just something to switch it up.",9,20,"Apr 29, 2016"
4,"Only good songs on the album are One Dance and Too Good. Could have been better with more relevant features. Probably one with Nicki Minaj? It does not beat his previous efforts.",4,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"The album is everything I didn't want it to be. I was very excited for the release but found it to be quite disappointing. Drake has completely embraced his label as a popstar and in doing so has released a 'pop rap' album. He sounds like he's singing for the sake of it and the diversity of the songs suffers as a result. It's  uninspired lyrically and the subject matter is almost identical on every track. A album that has played it too safe compared to the risks taken in NWTS and IYRTITL.",4,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Congrats Drake. Just when I thought your newer music couldn't get any worse you dumped this load of steaming hot garbage. Probably the worst album of the year so far, the flow in the songs is messy and really doesn't leave me wanting to come back to listen again. To be fairly honest it makes me want to stab myself.",7,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"I've listened to all the songs and none of them stood out. Infact it sounds like most of his previous albums. No evolving and shallow lyrics. No direction and no creativity. Have to say Im very disappointed",7,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
1,"Overrated and repetetive album. All of drakes albums sound the same i have yet to see him evolve musically. Its always the same bridges and same redundant choruses. I have to say im disappointed",9,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
8,"Drake is genius, Drake is King, Drake is the man to follow.
I love you Drake and VFT6 makes me love you even better. Drake can rap and he can sing too, he's not afraid to try new types of music, to take risks. He's renewing his self constantly. His feat with Rihanna on Too Good, is beyond my expectations. I have 10/20 favs songs but the rest is also really good.
Drake surprised me and has done an incredible job. 8/10.",3,7,"Apr 30, 2016"
2,"so, so many issues. 1) the mixing is bad; it's like drake's voice and the drums in the song are always in the front of the production, while everything else sounds distant. 2) he needs to stop trying to speak jamaican patois because he couldn't speak it for his life if he had to. 3) some songs on this album are flat out boring. 4) the lyricism is terrible in this album; such as 'you toyin with it like happy meal', 'what are those', etc this album is pretty much just him being emotional over exes and nothing more, nothing less.
the production is poorly mixed and boring in general.
only giving it a two because I like hotline bling enough for a two.",3,7,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"Okay so first of all, i dont really see where all the hate is coming from. It just doesnt make any sense in my eyes to hate on this album like some people on here do. One of those people is the user 'SXN80' - i love the nickname, he really made sure nobody would realize he's a kendrick stan and just here to hate on the AOTY - he goes on a rant and rates 3 out of 10. WOW, nobody can look 100% objectively at things but 3/10? Come on man!
Ok so the album starts with the song 'Keep The Family Close' - one of drakes best intros for sure - which gives the album directly from the start some kind of movie feeling. I personally think the Song sounds like some kind of James Bond theme song. Love it!
The next song is '9'. At first i really thought this song was lame and mediocre, but after a few listens it grew on me pretty much. But to me this is probably still one of the weaker songs on the album. But this song just shows again perfectly how you have to let the album sink in before writing a negative review on metacritic.
The next few songs are really really great.
'U with me?' Is probably together with 'Weston Road Flows' my favorite song on the whole thing. Great atmosphere + nice beat switch up = great song! Nothing more to say.
'Feel No Ways', man the production on this one... damn! Again one of the better songs on 'VIEWS'.
'Hype' is a great party tune. After my first listen i knew pretty soon that this is going to be one of my favs.
'Weston Road Flows'. Like i said probably ties with 'U WIth Me?' for me, but those tunes are exactly my type of song.
'Redemption' got that late night vibe to it, really like it.
'With you' is one of the few songs i just cant stand on this one. I dont know but this sounds to dumb and chart orientated in my opinion.
'Faithful' is take care era drakes return! I already got one girl i connect to this song lmao.
'Still Here' again a more hyped track. Sounds nice!
'Controlla'! Ok so this one is going to be a chartbreaker for sure! Its probably one of the greatest summer themed songs i've ever listened to! Wow!
'One Dance' We already know this one, not really my type of song but still pretty cachy!
'Grammys' is a great turn up song, but man futures part couldve been better, still a great song though.
'Childs Play' is the second song for me on this album that just wont grow on me. Dont like this song, sounds exactly like 'With you' too childish. lmao the irony on this one.
'Pop Style' is - like one dance - one of the songs we already knew, and honestly i dont get why so much hate is concentrated on this song! I love it, especially the part 'I cannot be gotten thats a given', hypes me up every time.
'Too Good' is one of those soon to be chart breakers on 'VIEWS'. Very catchy and overall a great song with a beautiful feature.
The interlude after this fits quite nice and sounds great aswell.
'Fire & Desire' - this song is perfect for you when you're in a relationship!
'Views' - a great outro for a great album!
Overall i'd give it a 9/10 but since the user score is like 6.5 thanks to **** like 'SXN80' i gotta rate it 10/10.",3,7,"May  2, 2016"
10,"best drake album. noah '40' did an exelent work on prduction.
this is a cmbination of all the drake stuff from previous albums, plus, some new styles ike the ones we see on controlla, too good or one dance. have some R&B stuff and of course great rap verses.
If you like Drake from the beginning your mind will blown with this album. Drake consolidates his career with this, he is clearly a grown artist and one of the most successful rapers of all time.",6,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"This is one of those albums that will grow on most people after a few listens. Lyrically, it isn't too much different from his other projects, but he uses many different flows and sounds to get the same ideas across. He's still the greatest artist in hip hop and anything he touches becomes gold.",4,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
9,"At first the album seemed some what lackluster but like a lot of hip hop albums it grows on you. There are no songs on here I would skip after giving it a couple listens its really grown on me and I have enjoyed it more than any album I have listened to in a while. Certainly met the hype in my opinion.",4,10,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Drake ain't developing. Always the same...Less crying & singing, more rapping please. Album is wack. I'm giving 2 coz '9' and 'Hype' were good. The rest is trash.",2,5,"May  2, 2016"
9,"SOLID album, not perfect, but definitely a culmination of all of his previous work, just refined. Slightly agree that he played it a bit too safe, especially in his verses. Doesn't have a lot of punch lines that will stick with you like some of his previous work in IYRTITL and Nothing Was The Same, but the distinctiveness of each song and mixing is definitely there. Listen to this album in order from the first track with headphones on, the same way you listened to Nothing Was The Same, or other introspective albums. I read somewhere that this is more of a 3am after the club album than a 12am club banger album and that is totally fine. The big hits are Pop Style, One Dance, Hype, Too Good, and Still Here, while others really really grew on me like Redemption, Fire & Desire. He has a lot of different sounds in this album but they all fit TORONTO, which is something people do not understand. The diversity, the energy and the seasonal variation is felt throughout the album. Songs like Feel No Ways, Keep the Family Close, and Views are examples of this. One major criticism I have is for an album titled VIEWS (previously from the 6), I felt like his songwriting was really lacking. He had lots of chances from tracks like Keep the Family Close, U With Me?, Weston Road Flows, and Views to really tell his story, but they were dragged down by repetition about ex-girlfriends and the life of a rapper. I missed the well written verses from tracks like Too Much, Know Yourself, etc. from his previous work. Overall, FAR FROM a bad album. Don't listen to the haters, give this one a chance, let it grow on you and just enjoy the vibes. 2nd best Drake album after Nothing Was The Same.",2,5,"May  1, 2016"
9,"Drake realemnte can do albums !
It is incredible , from the composition of melody and finishing . Drake knew how to make a simple and strong and impactful lyrics album.
Maybe there was a little overstaffed content that do not particularly find interesting in one.
But that does not take away Merio this excellent work",2,5,"May  2, 2016"
5,"Not a bad album, has a couple songs I really like. Most are very mediocre unfortunately. There was no growth at all from Drake, I find it hard to believe this took 2 years to make. Underwhelming and generic for the most part.",3,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"Great album. Shows a very diverse side to drakes vocal talent and overall production on the album is stellar. Perhaps not the album we will acknowledge as great right away, but certainly an album worth giving a few listens to before making a final verdict. I listened initially and didn't feel it at all. Listened two more times and now I can't stop. This is a strong piece of work by Drake, at his most vulnerable and talented I think.",3,8,"May  1, 2016"
10,"This is the Take Care Drake we've wanted back for so long. 40 & Drake do their thing like only they can do. Fans of Trapper Drake should continue listening to If You're Reading This. Real fans of Drake since SFG will love it.",4,11,"May  1, 2016"
9,"'Views' has some amazing records, songs like 'U With Me?', 'Weston Road Flows', '9', 'Views' and a few others could be among some of Drake's best work to date. Each song could stand out on its own, you get a little 'So Far Gone' Drake, a little 'Take Care' Aubrey and even a little 'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' Drizzy on here but also new sounds from Drake like 'With You' featuring PND & 'One Dance' & 'Controlla'. While I love most of the records on here, I have to give it a 9 due to it being a few too many songs. 20 songs takes away from the overall feel and movement of the project as a whole, but there isn't much negatives here. Only song I can really say I don't care for is 'Too Good' featuring Rihanna. Very solid record from Drake with Views, just wish he cut a little out. Light 9 out of 10 for me.",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Drake is the King of making music you can just Vibe to whether you paying close attention to the lyrics or not you can still vibe out to beat and da flow of the songs",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"As someone who has been listening to Drake since the Comeback Season era I feel like Views is the culmination of Drake. After hearing What A Time To Be Alive and some of the loose songs he released last year (lookin at you 'Right Hand') I was nervous for this album. I wanted the album Drake back, particularly the more mature one we got with Take Care and Nothing Was The Same. And I believe he definitely came through on that with Views.",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Lives up to the hype. Drake shows again that his musical range is incredible. Great, impeccable production, lots of tracks with phenomenal beats and samples. VIEWS goes more into the One Dance direction than into the Pop Style direction, lots of singing, less rapping, which I find a bit sad, because that's what I like the most about Drizzy. But still a great piece of work.",5,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Show me someone who can make an album with songs like controlla, Hype, Keep the family close, and weston road flows, and still make it cohesive other than Drake. Drake shows here why he is a superior artist to his peers. He shows more versatility than in any other of his albums. The theme of Views is also very nice, going from winter to summer and then winter again. Everyone here that gives the album less than a 6 is a Drake hater, and doesn't enjoy his music, so they came here to hate.",3,9,"May  2, 2016"
10,"Empowering, Bold, and a bit Political, but still fierce Bey like only she can. A living legend that has accomplished so much and has nothing to prove.",17,23,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",89,130,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums of the music industry. Beyonc slays again. This album is her most mature one ever and we can feel her and her message. One more time Beyonc destroys Rihanna's album, that it completely overrated and boring.",17,25,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The word 'masterpiece' gets thrown a lot when reviewing albums, but it's so appropriate in this case. Lemonade really is a masterpiece and her best body of work to date. In this album, Beyonc speaks about several topics, such as black rights, relationships, and womanhood. The reason why I love this album so much is because she talks about topics that I can relate to. As a black male, I really appreciated how Beyonc raised awareness about the oppression that black people faced for several years and are still facing today. It makes me really happy that someone as influential and powerful as Beyonc is bringing awareness to an issue that affects not only me, but several people around the word. Beyonc's Lemonade contains lyrics that touches your soul and amazing production that will keep you mesmerized for days, and for that reason, this album deserves nothing less than a 10/10. In the words of Anderson Cooper, 'It's Beyonc's world and we're just living in it'.
And to all of the Fleanna stans, y'all need to stop trying it with Beyonc and the Hive. It's been 3 months since it's release and ANTI only sold 369k in pure sales :deadbanana2: Y'all heauxs are nothing more than idiots who engage in recreational drug use and prostitution :ahh: Y'all Navy need to climb back in to y'all boat and save y'all flop fav Flopanna, because by the looks of things, your fav is drowning. That is all. :)",35,52,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"If someone still don't know what is art now is the time to learn. Beyonc made her best with Lemonade, I knew it'd be something special but this album is really strong, meaningful and inspirational. I honestly think she's an amazing artist and more than that, she's becoming a legend. Thank you, Beyonc. Lemonade is a masterpiece indeed.",16,24,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",30,145,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Really bad. This is crap compared to her previous recordings.Beyonce has really lost her mojo. She needs to step up her game... I only liked the song Formation!",31,157,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"I am really disappointed by Beyonce Knowles new album Lemonade. Its very flat and boring. None of the songs stand out, they all sound very basic to me. Furthermore, I am not a fan of visual albums because a good artist can express his vision or art with only his music and not with a movie or tons of videos. Really shocked by how terrible this album is.",25,128,"Apr 25, 2016"
0,"Horrible, terrible and extremely boring album, always proving why she needs more than 1.000 peoples to do anything. Sorry Beyonc, keep trying and being overrated.",35,189,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"the best album of Bey.
its sounds so good, cool.
i've no regrets for buying this album, it was worth it............
the rhythm of the songs is LIT.
so you SHOULD listen this album.
(by the way my favourites of this album are All Night, Sorry, Freedom and Sandcastles)",5,5,"May  8, 2016"
9,"The best album of 2016 so far. The film was amazing and so is the album. This record has such a beautiful message of equality and anti-discrimination. The highlights are Freedom, Pray You Catch Me, and Hold Up. This album has many catchy bops and some beautiful ballads too such as Sandcastles which is another highlight.",5,5,"May 27, 2016"
10,"this album is a masterpiece! it's trip into the pain of a woman, really feel it.In his passionate path he focuses on the situation of black women in the United States, on the battles that for years have had to bear and still argue with dignity against racial discrimination: very significant in this regard, is an extract from the Malcolm X speech in which He argues that the black woman is the most discriminated against in America. The black woman as female and as a mother, as those of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Eric Garner, three of many young African Americans killed in recent years by the American police, who appear in the video holding in his hands the photos of their missing son . Poignant, passionate, feline and ruthless, Beyonce crosses the sea of feminine contradictions literally immersed in the water, where every complaint is muffled, blurred vision and zeroed breath but then suddenly everything becomes clearer, comes the self-awareness , the inner strength that opens all those doors that were previously closed, breaking its banks that too often women are self-build around and let the water flow away violent, while celebrating its rebirth.",3,3,"May 13, 2016"
10,"You know you that bi*ch when you cause all this conversation, Beyonc is one of those rare artist that can bring many topics and become them a conversation, amazing, just amazing, well deserved.",3,3,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Beyonc's new record is a masterpiece. So lyrical, so emotional and the most powerful racial critic from the life of the 21th century black woman. The best of 2016 so far.",3,3,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Details such a vivid internal struggle between sadness and hope. Songs spread across many genres; the diversity makes the album even more replayable. Every song is unique and beautiful in every way.",3,3,"May 18, 2016"
10,"Beyonc more than dazzles with LEMONADE, She has successfully crafted a record that actually triumphs her previous Masterpiece Self Titled. If Self titled was her declaration of ascension in Pop culture, then LEMONADE is undoubtedly a higher level of genius that shatters the way we view pop culture or Popstars on a whole. LEMONADE earns it's status as a masterpiece far greater than any other album since the 2010's decade. Beyonc has taught us never to underestimate her or think of her in a limited state of mind. Just when we thought Self Titled was her critical peak, she goes ahead and tops it! A feat no mere 'Pop Idol' can pull off. In a singles driven industry, Beyonc continues to push the envelope with above the bar album releases. A living legend who has mastered her craft. A warrior of a singer with flawless vocal execution and superior technique, yet unafraid to showcase rawness and realness. LEMONADE is the best album of 2016! She no longer makes mere albums, she creates conversation and cultural events",3,3,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Replayed it at least 50 times but it still doesn't get old! Amazing how even till now, 2 months after lemonade dropped I still couldn't name myself a favourite song off the album. I couldn't even pick a top5! Truly a masterpiece with a powerful message, it totally deserves to be the most critically acclaimed album of 2016!!! Now I'm starting to worry how her next album will top this....",2,2,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"E fomos abenoados como um novo disco da rainha Beyonc. Como era de se esperar, uma obra prima foi jogada na nossa cara toda de uma vez. Seguindo a linha do single Formation, Lemonade  repleto de mensagens polticas, empoderamento e homenagens s raizes da cantora. Isso j  o suficiente para todo o feedback positivo que o disco recebeu, mas estamos falando de Beyonc e ela foi alm, transformando o disco em um acontecimento e fazendo a gente agradecer (por ter a oportunidade de estar vivendo na mesma poca que ela) e poder passar os dias seguintes desvendando alguns aspectos.
Temos o j citado Jack White quebrando tudo na faixa Dont Hurt Yourself, o The Weeknd na sensual faixa 6 Inch, o produtor James Blake em Forward e outro artista que toca bastante nas feridas da desigualdade racial, Kendrick Lamar na incrvel Freedom (que no seu acompanhamento visual tem a modelo Winnie Harlow).
Temos referncias, samples, composies e uso de letras de bandas como Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Led Zepellin, Animal Collective, Father John Misty e Ezra Koenig do Vampire Weekend. Alm disso, no filme que completa o lbum, h aparies de artistas como Serena Williams, as duplas musicais Ibeyi e Chloe x Halle (que valem uma ouvida), e uma homenagem ao movimento Black Lives Matter com as mes de jovens negros assassinados por policiais.
Algum j imaginou uma Beyonc raivosa gritando por cima de umas guitarras distorcidas tocadas pelo Jack White? Cantando um reggae suavo? Usando samples de Led Zepellin? Ou com uma violinha acstica? Tudo isso  encontrado aqui. Isso  um verdadeiro amadurecimento como artista. Um encontro do blues, do r&b, do trap, do rock, do gospel, etc. Sonoridades novas, diferentes e inesperadas que ainda assim tem a cara dela do incio ao fim.
Imagine na era das informaes em alta velocidade esse disco estar sendo produzido, o filme sendo gravado, mais de 300 pessoas envolvidas e nenhum vazamento acontecer. Bey esteve envolvida em toda a produo do incio ao fim. E esse trabalho todo  uma confisso, um grito de raiva, uma exposio de seu lado mais intimo, onde vemos que mesmo do alto do seu posto de uma quase deusa na msica, ela ainda ama, sofre e sente.  nisso que devemos pensar antes de julgar apenas a quantidade de msicas boas pra pista.
No ltimo trabalho, nossa Queen B deu um reboot em sua carreira, digamos assim. Lanar um disco auto-intitulado como o quinto da sua carreira no foi a toa. Foi um recomeo onde ela alcanou um patamar acima dos artistas pop e ligou o foda-se para criar hits e alcanar topos dos charts, chegando nos topos dessas listas por outras razes que no o simples fato de uma msica ter uma coreografia icnica ou um refro chiclete.
Aqui a gente no precisa de bateo de cabelo e danas bem marcadas, temos outros cinco discos pra isso.",2,2,"Jun 19, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is Beyonc's best album yet. While Lemonade's vocals are not as demanding as 4, the lyrics are honest, brave, explicit, political and empowering.",2,2,"Jul  7, 2016"
10,"This is truly an amazing album by Beyonce. The depth of emotions expressed on the album, and the various sounds explored on the album are captivating. It's one of the best albums I've heard over the last 20 years. It's a masterpiece.",1,1,"Jun 16, 2016"
10,"AOTY?
Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2016"
9,"Fascinating lyrics, crazy and slow beats, 'Lemonade' dont provide only an innovative fun, but it shows a great visual and musical concept that impresses. A little better then its predecessor, this album deserve its share of praises.",1,1,"May 26, 2016"
10,"This is the best album I've heard in the last decade it made me excited about music again. I honestly love every single track from 1-12, and that has never happened before. She definitely topped her self-titled album, and this is why after such a long career she's still evolving and still on top. Beyonce is what the music industry has been missing since 2013, and music since her self-titled album has been relatively boring, and she doesn't disappoint with her latest effort LEMONADE. From the different genres she successfully ventured, to the raw emotion and her brave truth behind all the songs. This album is a classic, and will go down as such, she's a legend and has proved to be up there with the likes of MJ, Prince, and all the other legends. Lemonade is a TEN.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Beyonc has a massive impact on not only the music industry, but the world and she knows this. She takes this opportunity to create inspiring and influential music that tackles social issues and can impact the world by raising awareness and changing how people view things. Beautiful (Sandcastles, Pray You Catch Me, Forward, All Night), melodic (Hold Up, Daddy Lessons, Love Drought,), and bad ass (Sorry, 6 Inch, Freedom, Formation, Don't Hurt Yourself), this is one of Beyonc's best albums to date. Long live Queen B!",1,1,"May 23, 2016"
10,"One of her best albums. Beyonc is not a singer who makes individual singles, she makes an entire album, and everybody know that. Just look at the position of her 6 albums ever released. The 6 stayed in #1 in so many charts. With Lemonade wouldn't be different.",1,1,"Jul 17, 2016"
10,"Such masterpiece !! AMAZING album ! Every single song is so unique, so strong and got a such power thanks to the tune, the lyrics ... Besides the whole album has a real message ! And it become more and more rare today !",1,1,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"Provavelmente o melhor lbum da carreira de Beyonc. Mesmo sendo to verstil com tantos gneros, Queen B conseguiu unir tudo e fez um dos lbuns mais coesos de 2016. O Grammy de lbum do ano j tem sua dona.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2016"
10,"AOTY!!!
She did the unthinkable and topped self titled a feat once I thought impossible. LEMONADE Is a masterpiece. she includes every genre, encompasses every sound, speaks to the struggle of women, celebrates black culture, addresses the problems in our society, and STILL IS COHESIVE!!!!! It's raw and wounded in the right places but has all the glister and shine of a BEYONCE album. Lemonade is true to beyonce's character and deeply personal while still being relatable and is a one in a lifetime occurrence and I'm just glad I'm here to witness it.",5,6,"Apr 28, 2016"
10,"Amazing album by one of the boldest female artists in the world, Beyonc proves once again that perfection is what she's striving for, here she isn't afraid to experiment with visual and genres.",4,5,"Aug 26, 2016"
10,"This is what 'ART' means! Power, truth, raw... LEMONADE proves that in pop music has people who think and makes the world think together. That's what the music industry needs.
Flawless can be a good word to define this album, but you know, I prefer magnificent.
It's Beyonc in her best way.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Absolutely! Beyonc's work gets better and better through the years. The mix of music genres is amazing! Undoubtedly, her best album so far!!! A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!",4,5,"Jul 28, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work in her career. She continues to outdo herself and I'm happy to be in the BeyHive because of that. Not only did she release amazing music, but the movie was amazing and followed a plot. Just simply excellent.",4,5,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Definitely best Beyonce's album to date.
Since Beyonce's '4', she starts her album with ballad. This time, she starts Lemonade with 'Pray You Catch Me'. The harmonies of her voice and the instrument is heavenly.
Personally favourite is ' Don't Hurt Yourself ', it's like the greater intense version of 'Ring The Alarm'. The last few lines of this song kills. And her collaboration with Jack White on this song has an incredible chemical reaction. This is what I don't expect from Beyonce. Therefore, this song will be my favourite on this album.",4,5,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Her strongest work yet. Incredible mix of songs. The only artist capable of something so complex and remarkable (not to mention without any leaks) is Beyonc. Perfection.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Unfortunately, before Lemonade dropped, I did not affix my weave securely enough. Now I have been violently SNATCHED and I am going to regular appointments with a hair specialist to try and get my weave back.",13,17,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Rihanna es una perra...hrewghbuioipewioiuryioioiuyuriopewoiuytrtyuiophgrtyuiop`23456789876treertyugghgnbbngnnhbbehebheeehebehbehebehbehehbehebebeyubeuebeuebeuebeuee",3,4,"Jun 14, 2016"
10,"O lbum  maravilhoso em todos os sentidos. Poesia em forma de lbum visual, mais uma vez surpreendendo o mundo e criando novos padres para a indstria.",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's most thorough, thought-provoking work to date. An album about forgiveness, this latest piece serves to heal the listener, from the confident, finger-wagging lyrics to her equally impactful wistful performances.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A definition of true ART! she's topped herself yet again. I see a certain fanbase commenting their sad reviews but maybe if their fave gives them a good album one day maybe the hate will stop.",3,4,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"I love this album. It is Beyonc at her most vulnerable and emotive. She took social issues, in-cooperated them with culture and poetry and coined an art that will forever leave a mark in pop culture. Its great and anyone who says differently is either just biased or just don't appreciate Art.
Thank You Beyonc",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"It is rare to experience an album that is so good that you just want to listen to it as a whole and exactly the tracklist order. This is raw, emotional, honest and just the best. It just makes me proud to have experienced it. Great Job QUEEN",3,4,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"One of many things that I wanna do before I die is to go to the shop and buy all Beyonce's albums and her songs, see all her films, and all the thing about her. ^^",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"By far Beyonce's best album. She covers everything from R&B, pop,reggae, rock and even country all while managing to be her  most cohesive album to date. With songs covering topics such as heartbreak, rage, loss and redemption. This is Beyonce' at her most  vulnerable and yet most fearless.",3,4,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Easily her best album to date. People craving for generic pop singles should walk on buy. This is a concept album that wouldn't have told the same story should any of it's elements was deleted. The production, the lyrics, the guest appearances and amazing visual make it an unforgettable record. This will go down as her defining album. As much as I wish her to come up with an ever better album I am afraid it is unlikely. The only song I was not crazy about was Love Drought but since the album premiere it grew on me considerably. Give it a few listens and the magnitude of her achievement here will reveal itself. Can someone please call Kanye West and tell him that if she does not win the Grammy for the album of the year he is justified to storm the stage and interrupt whomever would unjustly stand there lol",3,4,"May 14, 2016"
10,"One of the best pop albums recorded in the last decade which not only explores beyonces emotional state during a testing time but also solidifies her as more than just an entertainer..",3,4,"May 15, 2016"
10,"A beautiful piece of artwork. Lemonade paints a raw picture of what goes on behind the scenes of Beyonce's life. Her best work yet. Every song means something different, and there are no fillers.",3,4,"May 18, 2016"
10,"This album is best one I have ever heard. While listening 'Lemonade', you'll have a great mix of feelings in your heart. Thank you, Queen B, for this masterpiece.",14,19,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc is a real artist. This album is truly a masterpiece full of passion, truth and strong vocals. The fierce lyrics about Jay Z's mistake and the tenderness on songs like All Night, Pray You Catch Me and Daddy Lessons makes me see her as a person like me, and like all of us. Beyonc can turn her feelings into anthems for the people. And she can also raise her voice for those who has been forgotten for years. I'm so proud of her work, Lemonade is what pop culture needs for now.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lyrically, it's Beyonc's best piece of work by far. Visually it's beautiful, groundbreaking and well crafted. Great songs, well produced and Bey's vocals are everything. It's empowering, it's daring, it's different, it's diverse and consistent.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"A true masterpiece, not only does the album has some of the best lyrics about heartbreak and love gone wrong but it also sounds like nothing out there right now. There is something extremely fresh about the album, I've been listening non-stop since Saturday and every time I found something new in both the melodies, arrangements and the lyrics. The visual part of the album is just the perfect companion that makes the whole album a work of art. Normally I can choose the best song of an album easily with the first listening sessions but with LEMONADE, I keep having a hard time to choose as there are 8 songs out of the 12 that fight for the best song spot and that is priceless.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"For over two years I wondered how Beyonce would top Self Titled, but with Lemonade I realize that I shouldn't have worried at all. Lemonade is a complete story from start to finish -- from first being handed the lemons via her intuition and Pray You Catch Me and then taking all of those lemons and turning them into the lemonade that is Formation. In between we are taking on a ride that's a roller coaster of emotions as well as a diversity of sound. Beyonce gave us r&b, soul, pop, rock, reggae and country -- and once again showed the versatility of her voice and ear. What a masterpiece. I'm still unpacking all of it, and I think that will take me some time to do.",11,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lindo lbum, Beyonc  a maior artista da histria da msica, uma grande mulher para nossa gerao, a admiro pela sua voz, sua histria e o que ela traz de bom para o mundo com sua musica.",13,18,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Como diria una americano esto es masterpiece la calidad le gana a lo comercial su disco mas personal y honesto a la fecha. Las colaboraciones con The Weeknd y kendrick son excelentes.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"'I came to slay'
Queen B never disappoints!
On Saturday night, after the premiere of the film 'Lemonade' displayed on the American HBO, Beyonc released her new album - the same title - the first only in TIDAL - and since this morning, also on iTunes (where you have direct shot to first position, course, in more than 50 countries!). As she has shown in 'Formation', 'Lemonade' comes with a strong and positive speech against racial discrimination, a criticism of the imposition of white skin as a standard of beauty, and a further strengthening of the black race - while poking the wound violence to innocent young black men in the United States (only in the United States?), giving more voice to the movement 'Black Lives matter' (black lives matter)",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um album com tal genealidade no merece uma nota menor que essas , dentro da atual situao da industria da msica beyonc vem e nos mostra que ainda existe uma salvao , mas que merecido o titulo de rainha.",10,14,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is simply an amazing album. Her anger is so naked and  her vocals changes in such a versatile ways. Even Adele cannot reach this level. Cannot understand if anyone question the quality of this album. This is classic and get over it you boring haters.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is amazing!
A real masterpiece! This is art!
She's becoming a legend.
This is what I've been waiting for.
This is what the world needs!!!
This is art!",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"An album very well produced, overflowing political messages, covers reggae, country and rock aggressively and faint when necessary, Beyonce wrote and produced ALL the songs from the CD 'Lemonade', an album that manages to surpass its predecessor in greatness, it is perfect listen to this album beginning to end, especially Hold Up, Daddy Lessons and Sand Castles.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, com musicas excelentes. Melhor lbum Lemonade. Todas as msicas timas para se escutar. Beyonc nunca decepciona, sempre se reinventa a cada era que lana.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Esse lbum  definitivamente o melhor do ano! Um dos melhores lbuns da dona do universo, Beyonc. So tantas faixas boas que fica difcil escolher apenas uma como favorita.",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The album is amazing. The sound , the lyrics, the rhythms . Everything perfect. One of the best is the best album of Beyonce's career. The songs seem to be interconnected with each other. You can not even to realize the transition from one track to another . A job very well done and cohesive .",5,7,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"tudo muito diferente do que t a hoje no pop mainstream. E um diferente com qualidade. Gente, qual a dificuldade em levantar e aplaudir a Beyonc? Ela fez um lbum incrvel, falando de suas razes, identidade e cultura. Tem rock, country, R&B, pop, hip hop... aprendemos que no  s de farofa que se faz uma DIVA.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Melhor album do ano , uma obra de arte , para quem esta criticando apenas por recalque eu sinto muito , voces deveriam ter vergonha de voces mesmos , muito ridiculo",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Uma verdadeira obra de arte. Isto  o que o mundo precisa: ARTE! Ele traz uma mistura de ritmos com uma incrvel harmonia. O contexto do lbum  absolutamente maravilhoso!",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum perfeito, algo totalmente diferente do que ela tem dado para os fs todos esses anos, magnifico. Falar sobre esse tipo de assunto  complicado, mas como ela e muitos por ai aborda sem medo do que vai ser dito pela critica.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"lbum maravilhoso, com uma sonoridade irreal, uma mistura de ritmos, Beyonc se superou mais uma vez trazendo um lbum recheado de contedo politico, trouxe a tona questes sociais com seu Filme visual e Formation, incrivelmente maravilhoso.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce conseguiu EXATAMENTE o que queria: Um album forte de tom poltico, que d voz para minorias, que abre os olhos da sociedade e exige um grito de PAZ!
E alm da grandiosidade politica nesse album, existe uma inegvel pluralidade de estilos, que s engradecem e abraam ainda mais esse album
==> Rock? ''Dont hurt yourself'' (Com sample de Led zepplin)
==>R&B? '' ''6 Inch'' ( Com The weeknd)
==>Hip Hop? ''Sorry''
==>Country? ''Daddy Lessons''
e o HINO desse album, que tem uma batida de fcil entendimento e letra poderosa
''Freedom''
==> obrigado Beyonce por esse album,  o que tenho a dizer",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is a masterpiece full of soul, humanity, desire, passion. Beyonce deliver something totally different in its solid discography and ascends as his most personal work and that shows that an artist can not just lust.",7,10,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is the first time I have ever cried listening to a Beyonce album. It made me think and then reevaluate my life and situation. The music is very healing.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc continues to exceed all expectations I have for her as my favorite artist / icon. Lemonade solidifies Bey's influence and prominence in the landscape of American culture.",11,16,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is definitely the best album of the year. It's fresh, new, nothing Beyonc had make before,it's personal (a lot personal) and raw. It talks about Jay-Z being unfaithful to Bey, with probably Rita Ora (imma kill that ****",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Um lbum incrvel! Com certeza o melhor trabalho da carreira dela. abordando temas como o racismo, coisa que nenhum outro artista seria capaz de fazer. Parabns Beyonc.",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Camacha deja de ser tan ARDIDA!!!!
Lemonade le patea el culo a ANTI en todo, calidad, voz, ritmos, crticas y muy pronto en ventas. :*
Adems que la rijuaha nunca se va a renovar en su msica, porque solo depende de los Ft :*",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Beyonce, amazing quality! As always the Queen B performing complete works with quality and social engagement ! Every work it consolidates its place in world music ! Strolling through various styles and strands the LEMONADE is a true work of art!",10,15,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"there are songs amazing and good; it's an excellent work!. 'Lemonade' is a great comeback to pop music and of course, Beyonc...
The major drawback is the quantity of co-writers...that is strange and gives to understand...'Beyonc needs huge number of people to be noticed and she doesn't write her songs without the help of others (Jay-Z",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonce's best work to date for sure. The production is next level, great vocals, and the features were implemented wonderfully. Great intro track, 'Don't Hurt yourself', 'Sorry', Hold Up', 'Daddy Lessons' and 'Freedom' are my favorites so far. The entire album is a Masterpiece",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This album redefines art in its truest and purest form.  Hardly do we hear such rawness and such honesty. I am glad Beyonce did this and showed the world the real struggles we all face in every area of our lives. I am proud of her growth!",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade es el mejor album de 2016, bajo mi punto de vista, Queen B, Se a esforzado  para hacer el mejor de sus albums, anti ju?, 25 ju? lady ju? pienso que lo unico que depronto podra quitarle el puesto es LG5, de lady kuin, bueno katy ju?? nada que decir el mejor album de 2016 hasta ahora :* besos en el shile",8,12,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade  um lbum excelente, com vocais surreais (como de costume), letras importantes que vo muito alm de traio (porque parece que certas pessoas s esto vendo isso neste lbum), tratando de situaes atuais... Uma verdadeira obra de arte, coisa rara nos tempos atuais, onde msica com contedo e mensagem  confundida com 'chatice'. Beyonc mais uma vez elevou o seu nvel de respeito. Uma lenda viva que incomoda muita gente burra de gosto bsico.
Obs.: Senhores haters, eu sugiro que vocs se situem, guardem a sua inveja da aclamao alheia para vocs e parem de escrever o que no tem nada a ver com o lbum ou descontar na Beyonc e seu trabalho maravilhoso (onde investiu mais de um milho de dlares e meses de trabalho) a sua infelicidade com a falta de impacto/relevncia/sucesso da sua cantora favorita.
Aqui no  o Facebook,  um site srio de revises. Insulto no  reviso. Ningum te obrigou a ouvir, nem assistir. Se esto se dando ao trabalho de procurar, ouvir e assistir um filme de 1 hora  porque no fundo so fs, caso contrrio, apenas ignorariam. Finjam que seus pais te deram educao e respeite o trabalho alheio e a artista.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"True masterpiece. It's a sneak peak into a person that stays from the media. She truly outdid her self here. The film truly adds a flawless dimension. In a time where the radio and sales control music. This is her saying she doesn't care and she does it beautifully.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Beyonc. The artist who truly knows how to encapsulate her artistry into a body of work. She does not only have good vocals, but also knows how to carry on a message through her music. She adopts a concept and carries it on throughout her work. Loving how she is truly proud of her roots and how she denies any form of racial violence. Lemonade is exactly what pop culture needed.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE!!
beyonce ishat a real Artist defines she is not always making the sae stuff nope! this Album offers rock,reggae,soul,funk,r&b AND Country! al thesongs are unique and Special , her voice is just like an angel from heaven she dont Need some technical Support. her voice is enough,,,",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Wonderful album.Beyonce exposed his soul in this album , so pure and transparent....Thanks for that, and the haters left crying...I'm proud of you Bey",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is such a wonderful album. Each song give me a different feeling. Beyonc really surpised us with this great comeback. A strong album that won't be forgotten easily.",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Songs in this album sounds differently. Funny like 'Hold Up' and so grandly like 'Freedom'. Visual part of this album filmed so professionally and looks so good. B6 is so epic!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"It's Beyonce's Best Album. The Grammy of Album of the Year have a win. Rihanna never will made a album like this. And the best song is HOLD UP. readys",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Masterpiece, magnificent. The variety of styles that the album offers pleasing many types of audience is the maximum, without mentioning the dark and strong vocals on some tracks... Gorgeous!",6,9,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"When life gives Beyonce lemons she ensures to make the BEST EFFING 'LEMONADE' out of it!!!
This album is about, the frustrations of living in a glass house, the lyrical eruption of suppressed anger, the strength of granting an absolution and moreover, realizing your own strength and roots and making it a point to celebrate it.  'LEMONADE' proves why Bey is the best in the game right now, competing with herself and herself only and not shying away from breaking the prototypes.
Lastly, immense LOVE and RESPECT to this formidable woman... LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Amazing album! I can't express the love I have for this album it is truly a masterpiece. It deserves to have 90+ here on Metacritic. Every track is either a 10/10 or a 9/10.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"How she manages to outdo herself every time is befuddling to me. I absolutely adore this woman and I am so glad I got to experience the album live on Saturday because I'm calling it from now, this is a moment in music history that will be talked about for years. Beyonce is changing the medium and changing the game and doing it so vulnerably. With the last two albums, specifically Lemonade, she has solidified herself as an ARTIST and not just a pop star (granted the pop star of our generation).",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"' Lemonade ' is more than a simple album of Beyonce is the fight for causes that need to be wide open and shown in many ways , and when artists with the global reach of Beyonc do it , and offer to carry through his art , they deserve to be praised and ears",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"this might be the best album of 2016. Beyonce killed it as always and Lemonade could be the best album she ever made. the songs are very catchy and meaningful and include some features like Jack White, The Weeknd and King Kendrick.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
9,"It's either a love or hate album. And for me I absolutely loved it, I hadn't heard a full Beyonce album before and was skeptical of the high ratings it received...But after listening to the album fully, multiple times, this album surpassed my expectation beyond what I thought Beyonce was capable of. The explosive fierceness of her vocals and the deep heartfelt message behind her songs really stood out for me, and for once I saw a clear vision of what Beyonce was trying to show and portray in this album. Many people giving this album 0 are very delusional and biased, listen with open ears and mind. Yes the songs in this album are not fit for pop mainstream radio but the instrumentation and vocals are pristine and polished. The country song 'Daddy lessons' completely took me by surprise and showed that Beyonce can go outside her comfort zone, somehow this song worked well in this album. This is an album Beyonce should be proud of and therefore a 9/10 from me.",4,6,"Apr 27, 2016"
10,"Lemonade is an amazing album which shows the versatility that Beyonce has. The ability to combine a mix of genres but make it all seem cohesive. Beyonce keeps improving with every album, her albums are also much more artistic. I do not hate beyawnce anymore ;)",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"Excellence. Her ability to use several genres and mesh them into a cohesive album is amazing. A true masterpiece. Beyonce really is the standard, and she continues to raise the bar with every album.",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"The best album of Queen B !!
Revolutionary!!
who say that there is lying, because all that the queen Beyonc does is wonderful and this album is no different, on the other hand is one of the best !!",4,6,"Apr 25, 2016"
10,"This is easily Beyoncs best album yet, a clear progression from her previous work and a musical triumph. Lemonade is by far Beyoncs strongest album!",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"Her best album since 4. It has many different genres and dealt with many issues that many people, men and women, face. I hope she continues to grow as an artist because I am loving what she is offering.",4,6,"Apr 26, 2016"
0,"The most of the album is boring except for some songs, i think it doesn't deserve such a high meta score. They all kissing Bey's ass. This is not her best album",4,6,"Aug 30, 2016"
0,"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",2,3,"Aug 26, 2016"
6,"When you have a voice as bold and beautiful as Gallants, youre bound to turn some heads. Since the release of his EP Zebra in 2014, hes garnered acclaim from Elton John, Sufjan Stevens, Zane Lowe, and Seal, and has been compared to R&B contemporaries like The Weeknd and Frank Ocean, as well as the aforementioned Seal.
Despite this, I didnt care for Zebra. It sounded no different from Soundclouds endless stream of bland alt R&B and trap musicians, such as Cashmere Cat, Flume, and SOHN. Gallants voice was the most impressive piece, so I wondered how much more enjoyable he would be with proper instrumentation. My curiosity was only heightened after seeing him perform live. It seems Gallant thought about this too, as Ology has greatly expanded the singers sound.
Right off the bat, were greeted by a nice chopped up piano sample and a brief horn swell on the track Talking to Myself. Other songs like Shotgun and Jupiter boast live drums, pianos, and guitars. These songs tend to sound more full and lively compared to the synth focused tracks.
However, Talking to Myself also starts a trend that pops up on the rest of the album. The song putters along in cruise control up until Gallant bursts in with his signature falsetto. Of course, this isnt a bad thing. Most pop songs utilize this wall of sound technique to overwhelm their listener (David Guettas Titanium is a prime example of this). Its definitely enjoyable in bursts, listening to a song here or there, but so many of the songs on Ology rely on his falsetto explosion; it gets tiresome when listening to the album in one sitting.
Most of the tracks on Ology have a beat that falls into one of two categories: a more traditional R&B beat, or a more trap and southern hip hop influenced beat. Gallant does fine with both genres, but I much prefer the songs with smoother grooves of R&B than the trap snares and hi-hats. The trap-influenced tracks come across as bland and uninspired, while the R&B tracks have a little bit of life to them.
Gallant throws a curveball halfway through the album on Episode, an ode to 70s funk. While I dont care for recent interpretations of funk (see Blood Oranges Cupid Deluxe and Haims Days Are Gone), Gallants take is undeniably satisfying. Similar to Kendrick Lamars King Kunta, Episode is fun because the track is backed by a really groovy bass line.
Ultimately, Gallants biggest strength is also the cause of the albums faults. At points, it feels as if the backing tracks arent allowed to outshine his voice, so they make no attempt at being compelling. I really want to like this album more than I do. There are flashes of interesting songwriting on Oh, Universe and Chandra, and the lyrics are thoughtful throughout, but the project as a whole is both propped up, and weighed down by Gallants voice. Its nice for a couple of songs here and there, but its a slog to listen to in one sitting. Sure, everyone can do a couple pull-ups, but very few can do fifty. As it stands, Gallant is not one of those people.
FAVORITE TRACKS: Oh, Universe; Weight In Gold; Jupiter; Chandra
LEAST FAVORITE TRACKS: Counting; Open Up; Skipping Stones",0,2,"Jun 20, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine deviates from Zayns' previous work and displays the growth in his artistry. It's a cohesive body of work that flows completely through; there are no filler tracks. He really chooses carefully when to sing at full strength and when to pull back and his choices are stellar. The only difficulty is picking a favorite!",26,34,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise  hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",12,12,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice. I really love it.",10,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"There are lot of reasons to say that this album is going to BE the Album Of The Year.
1) The first and the most important reason is the authenticity that ZAYN has brought to this album. His song called 'Intermission:Flower' sees him sing in his native language which is Urdu. It is so nice to know that he remembers and appreciates hi routes.
2) The variety and diversity of the beats in the record.It is very easy to note the slick Production of the record,which is by the Double- Grammy winner Malay-Ho.Each song has its own vibe ,from the soultry ballad 'FOOL FOR YOU' to more upbeat and funky 'LIKE I WOULD'.
3) ZAYN'S VOCALS.It is a well-known fact that Zayn was the best singer in 1d with the best vocal technique and is an A-LISTED singer by critics.It is easy to see why it is so in this albu,. The riffs and high notes with the falsettos are out of this world.
So after one year of him leaving the band, Zayn Malik is showing the world why he did so. ABSOLUTE BANGER OF AN ALBUM,considering it BROKE THE RECORD by becoming the FIRST DEBUT ALBUM to be #1 on iTunes in 70+ countries. ZAYN,the solo artist HAS ARRIVED.
#ZQUAD.",10,10,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"AUMENTA ESSA NOTA AGORA!!! Zayn fez um timo trabalho ao sair da bandinha flop One Direction. O lbum  conceitual, tem timas letras e batidas relaxantes, um debut impressionante. Pisou no Purpose!",9,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"lemme tell you about how god blessed me. he gave us zayn who in turn zlessed us all with this album. it's honestly a soothing r&b  record. :) there's a reggae song on the target exclusive, funny lyrics but his voice totally fits the reggae tune. and there's this oldschool r&b track like Truth and She Dont Love Me maybe and Drunk is my all time favourite, Fool For You and Golden are beautiful. the type of songs you hear in movies.and the songs transistion so well like..any negative comments are from people who don't have an open minded attitude towards genres outside their comfort zone. J'ai fini :).",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Just an introverted boy justifying his thoughts about love, sex and humanity. His uniqueness is in another level, I think Zayn is going to be a memorable artist over the world.",9,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"One of the best debut albums of all time. Zayn did well leaving One direction. The sounds in this album are incredible and his voice... no words to describe this masterpiece. Proud of him and his music. ZQUAD.",8,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is one of the best albums I've heard in the past few years. I can't remember the last time I listened to an album and didn't want to skip at least one song on it. It's so unique as well. None of the songs are exactly the same as each other, even if lyrically and thematically the majority of songs are about love/sex. They still sound different and stand out as individual songs rather than blending together. I also can't think of one artist whose audience is mostly American/British teenagers/young adults, who has a track in Urdu on their album. Zayn has really gone out of his way to put himself in this album, something that he was never allowed to do with One Direction.",8,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Melhor coisa que ela fez foi ir pra carreira solo. Uma sonoridade relaxante e intimista. Amei o lbum em geral, vocais, instrumentais, enfim, tudo est timo.",7,7,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"people wanna evaluate zayns album for lyrical prowess and intellectbut that was never the plan
if you went non stop for 5 years without any break and you finally had some time to think for yourself would it come out in an organized and articulate fashion?
zayn never claimed for this album to be what people want it to bethe exact opposite of one directionwhat it was supposed to beand actually isis a true reflection of where he is in life, a lyrically vulnerable expression of his past his present and his future
he said it himself, mind of mine is a brainstorm, where hes experimenting with different sounds; a culmination of the craziness hes experienced so far
mind of mine is not trying to be anything else but a reflection of who zayn is, and that takes courage
if music is what he truly loves, then this album was extremely therapeutic for him and hes starting to truly process everything, and i love that; its a privilege to be able to hear the music that is bringing him back to who he is, hes sharing his journey with us, and thats more than i could ever ask for
eta: im seeing peoples tags, and i want to add that this album *actually is* lyrically strong, but i think people were expecting /refined/ lyrics, but thats not where he is right now, and instead of forcing it, he shared where he is, and thats nothing short of genuine and fearless.",7,7,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine perfectly captures Zayn himself-it is an accurate representation of who he is as a person. While every song is different, they all flow together perfectly and show that he has a very versatile voice. I can't wait to hear more from him!!",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may not yet be at Justin Timberlake's level but the effort and genuineness is seen throughout the album. The vocals are brilliant. he will go a long way.",7,7,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"better than 1D pop .... songs like pilliw talk its you ....bodrez..tio...fool for you intermission the flowers are my fav....And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in Urdu if I'm not mistaken it's refreshingly different. Overall it's such a great album with great song and great voice.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"The album starts with the intro where Zayn invites the listener to open up and see what's inside his mind.All the tracks transition smoothly from one to another. The songs are lyrically powerful and each has a different vibe therefore making it very versatile . what is amazing about this album is the track intermission:flower as it is written and sung in Urdu which makes this song therapeutic and very pleasant to listen to and an out of the box effort gone right. There's just one feature and that is by Kehlani and her vocals are beyond amazing , the texture of her voice is sexy and both her and Zayn's voices blend perfectly together.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Amazingly those who criticize Zayn's work for leaning too heavily around the realms of sex, are dismissing the fact that most artists nowadays shy away from the topic and use 'love'  to deter people's audiences away. Lest as an artist he is exploring both love and sex, but not putting them under the same category, which is refreshing.
Zayn's ability to show his heritage through Flower Intermission, shows a more mature side of him. He is allowing people to feel open about their own religion, which can often be frowned upon in media, especially by artists of colour.
As to concur; don't dismiss this album for it's themes, if other albums can be treasured and highly commended even though it is filled to the brim with different lyrics about love, then so should an album that is more exploit.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"I love everything about it. From the intro up to the last song. It just blows your mind. Amazing debut album!",6,6,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"For a debut, this is a solid pop-r&b album. Zayn's vocals were the highlight of listening- his voice is the one of the strongest out of anyone in pop today and it especially shines in songs like It's You, Flower and Rear View. His ability to emote in his songs adds a personal element to an album many have criticised for being contrived. Lyrically, the album is clunky in places, but again the superb quality of Zayn's voice and delivery are the focal point of the album for me. As he wrote on every song in the album there is clearly a personal touch, and through his voice you can hear the emotion and effort he put into the album. I really got the sense rather than just trying to produce a cliche album to tick boxes and sell records, he was doing his best so build on the greats that influence and inspire him to show the r&b world what he's truly made of and show off his creativity.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"If you've listened to One Direction pre-Made in the AM, you already know that Zayn is a talented singer. But on Mind of Mine, not only does his vocal ability shine in its full glory  it also becomes evident that he is an excellent songwriter. The album, to me, comes off as heartfelt and well thought-out. It's also versatile, both in musical styles and in moods. You have Like I Would, a catchy bop, you have It's You, a crooning ballad, and you have various shades of modern r'n'b all throughout. And the moods are important, too: Zayn has gone from being toned down and whitewashed in One Direction, to singing in urdu and keeping a beard on his face, and singing about **** and how 'it's time you see the truth'. The song Befour sounds to me like a **** you' to anyone who was rude to him after he left: 'so say what you wanna say/shame is that you won't say that to my face'. But there's a gentle side to the album as well, like in Drunk, where he sings 'right now I'm emotional' and 'I hope I haven't said too much'. I also find it very sweet how he in the sexually explicit Wrong (ft Kehlani) not only says 'I'll get her wetter than ever' but also 'clothes off and she's so soft'.
Mind of Mine is a very atmospheric album, and the only reason I gave a nine instead of a ten is because I believe this is only the beginning for Zayn.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"Zayn did me good, there is no bad track on Mind of Mine. All 18 songs are",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"this album > my life. zayn really went off and the only reason yall giving it bad reviews is bc of one direction lol how petty can yall be lmfao. his voice was amazing w/ high notes thru out the album, the beats were poppin, and the lyrics were deep.",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"For a debut solo album it's amazing! Zayn seems to already found his own sound such early on and there is nothing like this album. Many compare it to the works of The Weeknd and Frank Ocean but the similarities are quite faint so don't come thinking that when you hear Mind of Mind that it will sound like The Hills or Pilot Jones. Zayn has his own unique sound and no two tracks are a like. Zayn shows incredible versatility in the album as well having upbeat dance tracks, slow ballads and smooth sounding alternate R&B.  Lucozade is probably one of my favorites on this album, it has no chorus or hook. The way the song was written is amazing as well as the metaphors that are instilled through out.This album is like no other I have heard you should give it a listen!",6,6,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"This was a fantastic debut by any standards. Standout vocals, some really brilliant production. While his lyrics may have let him down a few times, he's proving more than capable of doing bigger and better on the next album. I really liked that this wasn't a throwaway album like Purpose. The latter's singles were the only songs worth listening to. Whereas this album works far better as a whole, although I find a new favourite each day. I'm excited about his potential! Well done!",6,6,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Love Mind Of.Mind . I am not a big 1D fan but I have always been impressed with Zayn's voice.  All the songs are well produced, the vocals are soaring and nuanced and the lyrics change meaning with each listen.  He should be proud of this album. I am very proud of him!!!!!  I love ' She Don't Love ME' Tio, Befour, Like I would, borderz, bright is my new favorite .",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"splendid...zayn's got impressive vocals... loved lucozade, rear view, borderz, truth & wrong.. every single is enjoyable.. it may not appeal to mainstream audience though..",5,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"I was actually really surprised by this album and the amount of depth Zayn exhibits. I think the subject matter really ranges from the obvious (sex) to songs more focused on his own growth. Production for the album is without a doubt off the tracks. The beats and transitions are so impressive and musically its superior to a lot of artists out there (i.e. JB who puts out the same beat to each song w/ no variety). I think he's really pushing his own boundaries and growing as an artist. It's definitely gets better after a few listens. I recommend the standout tracks as: rearview, wrong, she, drunk, befour, like i would, tio, fool for you, lucozade, and intermission:flower.  it's a really strong album and i think if you listen to it without bias you'll see a lot of promise in him around the board.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I didn't know what to expect from this album but it definitely exceeded any of my predictions. In Mind of Mine,  Zayn really showed off his vocal abilities with smooth runs, beautiful falsettos,  and a thick roughness to his voice that definitely suits him for R&B. This album however,  isn't just R&B; it feels like a mixture of R&B, light pop and a side of EDM. Favorites of the album include :She, Drunk, Rear View,Tio, Wrong, and Lucozade. I definitely would recommend this album to others who love music and are interested in some new fresh material to listen to. Zayn really showed a side to him that many didn't know he was capable of. Very strong debut album!",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I was lucky enough to hear an early preview of this album thanks to the lovely folks over at RCA and I went in expecting good things. I couldn't even have begun to imagine just how good it was going to get, though. The singles we were teased with in the run up to the album release were just a fraction of the talent that Malik possesses: from the spine-tingling vocals and beauty of iNtErMiSsIoN: fLoWeR to the lyrical genius of tracks like rEaR vIeW, almost all mixed with the kind of beat that's going to pulse through summer 2016. I had high expectations of Zayn's debut and he exceeded every single one of them. This is only the beginning; I can't wait to see what comes next. Other highlights of the album for me: the unexpected shift of BRIGHT; the unusual structure and pace of lUcOzAdE; and the summer-ready vibe of DO SOMETHING GOOD off the Target exclusive edition. And that's before you even get me started on the vocals and the range that he's got going for him. Mind of Mine is fresh, unique, and set to put Zayn on the map as a solo artist.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"The sound and the vocals of this album is absolutely incredible. Zayn did an amazing job for his debut album. He provides different sounds but still the album sounds extremely good as a whole.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A great way for him to start his solo career. The album is showing who he is and what he can offer, the songs are great and he has one of the voices from this generation. Can't wait for his second album.",5,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"I am not in the age group of his target audience but i have to say the album is so brilliant. I literally opened an account here just to say how good this album is. This young lad has an amazing vocal texture- a real talent right there. There are songs for every mood. Way to go young boy. Incredible.",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"His voice is so raw and beautiful, he has a broad vocal range which you can understand from the high notes he hit especially in sHe and BeFoUr. Every song has its own musical structure which is pretty original and pleasant to listen to. Mind Of Mine succeeded to exceed my expectations from a debut album.",5,5,"Apr  2, 2016"
10,"nothing much to say...this album is an incredible start for zayn's solo career..it may be a better headstart than Justin Timberlake's level. most of the songs are great, although some lyrics were weak but still there are powerful songs like befour , its you , Rear View , borders, Truth , Lucozade (which is a fantastic freestyle !), no boring meaningless song. which is very good... overall I really like His album!",5,5,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"Mind of mine is not only an music album. Its the dream of a boy that has been fulfilled in his manhood. Every songs are different and I couldn't skip a single song. All songs are my favorite. I also loved the song Flower sung in Urdu and hoped it would be longer.",5,5,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"The album is fantastic. Zayn is a superlative artist, has a great talent and I believe this is just the beginning of a long career for him. Mind of Mine is one of the best albums of 2016!",5,5,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a solid debut for a kid that has been creatively stifled for years. His voice is undeniably beautiful, overall this album is fresh and a hope for the new pop scene! I'm looking forward for his tour! really excited!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"This album is definitely a solid debut. There's a huge range of songs which show off his strong vocal capability filled with funky, well-produced beats. This was not an album made to impress anyone and you can feel its genuineness come through in his raw vocals. You can see it in the little bits of experimentation in different structures of songs and the overall unique sound. Lyrically, he could improve but nothing feels too 'cheesy' or try-hard, which makes it a lot easier to listen to if one tiny thing doesn't fit. This album deserves a few listens, because you uncover more every time. This may not reach the heights of popularity as one direction did but it definitely appeals to a more mature audience and has an overall funky, chilled-out feel to it. If you're willing to step a little out of your comfort zone this is definitely worth a good listen.",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is a genre of it's own. As Zayn himself stated, he is not trying to label himself anything. He is just doing what feels right to him and what makes him happy, and this album is the perfect reflection of that. There is some R'n'B influenced sound to some songs, there are some insanely well produced ballads, there is even some chill Reggae  that tastes great with a joint or two.
It doesn't happen often that I genuinely like every song on an album, much less an album consisting of 18 songs! But Mind of Mine is a brilliant exception with not a single skippable song. And you cannot listen to it in any other order than the original one, because you'd be missing the absolutely thought through, magical  transitioning from song to song. (My favourite is Intermission : Flower to rEaR vIeW and BLUE to BRIGHT)
Besides the breathtaking production, other worldy, flawless vocals and genuinely strong songs, Mind of Mine deserves 10 extra points for its diversity and experimental elements. Honestly, kudos to Zayn for not restricting himself to one set genre, for not fearing to experiment and for following his heart. It really did pay off!",5,5,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the best thing I've ever heard in my live don't @ me. I cried in the middle of the night listening to it for the first time. Zayn deserves all the Grammy's.",5,5,"Apr 13, 2016"
7,"Zayn Malik has already stated he never truly felt comfortable with the music One Direction recorded, even going so far as to say he was forced to re-record vocals if a take sounded too R&B.  Simple fact is, those words paint a picture of someone wanting to stretch out a bit.  On Mind Of Mine, Zayn steps out of the shadow of One Direction for the most part, delivering a decidedly pop-infused R&B album.
Sequenced as it is, the album gets the Im a man now statement out of the way right out of the gate after a brief intro.  Pillowtalk is classic steamy-lothario R&B filtered through Zayns vocal stylings and James Ryan Hos production style.  As the style goes, its been done before, but it gives a refreshing burst of energy to set the tone for the rest of the album.  Gone are the restrained vocal takes of the group he once called himself a part of, and in their place are impassioned, over the top vocals.  Not quite into Adam Lambert-level glamazon over the top, but getting close to it.  And immediately following that, the steamy-lothario mantle drops away and the crooning heart-throb comes out.  Its You is yet another baldly transparent bid by Zayn to show he can do something other than the buffed-to-an-inch-of-their-life pop vocals most know him for.  Transparent, yes, but the hitch here is, he pulls it off, so obvious though it may be, it works, and provides a fine counterpoint to the steamy vibe of the first track.
The best, and at times worst, thing about this album, is that Zayn is too busy trying to be a chameleon.  Is he the steamed up mid-20-something sexpot of Wrong?  Is he the trying-to-be-Sinatra-with-a-falsetto crooner of Fool For You?  The mood jumps and shifts enough to make the album feel unfocused.  Not to say these moments arent well executed for the most part, with a few expected stumbles which one would expect from a debut album (Lucozade is one of them, as the track never really picks up steam, just kind of shows up and fizzles out.)  Also, one of the more solid moments, the propulsive earworm Like I Would is a deluxe-edition only track - a decision that is a bit of a head scratcher.
Overall, Zayn has done an admirable job of stepping out of the shadows of his previous group.  Reports have indicated he is already hard at work on a follow up.  Mind of Mine shows promise - it is simply trying too hard to be too many different flavors of pop glossed R&B for every kind of listener.  To some extent, it reflects the man behind the music - Zayn left One Direction [according to reports] to be able to live a normal life.  The scattered moods found here suggest that he got tired of normal rather quickly.  Looking ahead, even though this approach is a worthwhile effort to avoid being stagnant, (see the 1-note 1-subject slogs of boring cheesed up sexuality that are most of R. Kellys work over the last decade for an example of stagnant) going all over the map to avoid that curse can be a curse all its own.  Sharpening the focus for album number 2 could reveal a truly exceptional slice of this particular flavor of music - time will tell if Zayn and all involved manage to pull it off or not.",4,4,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"I think this is one of the most interesting debut of the past years. All the tracks flow like a stream of consciousness over wisely produced bases. It's a clear declaration of independece from the bubblegum pop and daddy rock vibes of his previous works with one direction. The interlude 'intermission:flower' is one of the most beautiful and most important things of the year so far. His vocals are amazing and impressive, his songwriting is improvable but after all id a solid debut and it can only get better",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing, it exceeded my expectations. You can tell that Zayn worked very hard on this album I'm so happy that he had this chance to express himself with solo material. All the tracks are incredible that it was hard to pick a top three, but the best songs on this album include Drunk, Wrong (ft. Kehlani) and Rear View. Listen to this album you won't regret it!",4,4,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"The most complete album, musically and vocally, since Justin Timberlake's 2020 Experience. It should win the Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2017 Grammy's!!",4,4,"Mar 30, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is the perfect name to describe this album, it feels like a brainstorm, and it works. there's something here for everyone, but it remains cohesive and flows perfectly. in addition, his voice is highlighted in the greatest way, the tracks show his incredible vocal ability and versatility.",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect",4,4,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"It seems that many of the negative reviews on this album are due to people just assuming things because Zayn was previously in 1D. If you take the time to actually listen though, it's obvious that he is insanely talented. Disliking 1D's music does not mean you have to dislike Zayn's. I've seen numerous people say that they are not fans of 1D, but that they enjoy Mind of Mine immensely. I think everyone should give this album a chance and not listen to it thinking 'I will hate this because he was in 1D.' There is a wide variety of songs on the album, and his voice sounds great in each one of them. My personal favorites are Drunk and Golden (from the Target edition). I think Flower and Lucozade are interesting songs on the album. Flower was recorded on the spot randomly, while Lucozade was done in just one take. Overall it's a great album and a wonderful start to a solo career.",4,4,"Apr 12, 2016"
9,"For a debut and no doubt a brainstorm of ideas, the album is amazing. Id say he is the best male vocalist out at the moment with incredible versatility. As for the lyrics, at times are sloppy but overall pretty good and he can only improve from here. Im sure people will right him off without a proper listen and there is so much lazy journalism out there towards this album, but hey, their loss.
The stand out songs for me are; borderz, blue,drunk, befour and the intermission;flower sang beautifully in Urdu.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Most of the tracks on the album aren't songs that might immediately make you want to belt out the lyrics. The complexity of some of them, the new and exciting direction gives them the edge of the listener wanting to listen again and again just to really GET that strange vibe. And after a few listens, you realize that oops, the song just became your favorite. Those songs, like It's You with the hypnotizing chorus and Befour with the soothing yet sexy beats, are a stark contrast to the songs that DO actually make you want to nod your head and let everyone in on. Wrong, Like I Would and Pillowtalk feel like instant hits the moment you listen to them. And of course, my personal favorite thing about the record is just listening to Zayn croon out those heartfelt lyric with a voice like velvet, a voice that just screams 'I'm doing me. I'm real.' So to anyone claiming that Zayn is doing this or doing that to be edgy, to make a statement: he's just being himself and honestly, not giving a **** Which is admirable. So yes, I would definitely recommend this album so you don't miss out on this phenomenon.",3,3,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"it's simply the best solo debut album,rather than comparing him to frank ocean to weeknd,who are already acheived big,He never wrote anything with 1D now he's making music what he always want to make",3,3,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"this album is amazing, i can play it over and over without getting bored. this is definetely a good start for his amazing solo career. very excited to see what the future brings to him and to us",3,3,"Apr  7, 2016"
9,"Enjoyed this album immensely, especially Wrong and Drunk. Flowers which was in urdu was a really beautiful song as well. Majority of the lyrics were good and most songs had a good beat. Importantly his voice and his high notes were amazing.",3,3,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Very impressive and solid debut album. Mind of Mine showcases Zayn's effortlessly smooth vocals over impeccable production, kudos to Malay Ho, XYZ, and Lennox. It is an atmosphere and beats based album which has a variety of influences, ranging from soul, R&B, pop, and even reggae. One of the album's biggest strengths is the diversity of sonic influences, and how it still maintains a singular underlying thematic element to tie the entirety of the record together. Zayn is easily one of the most talented vocalists of his generation, and Mind of Mine further proves this. Effortlessly showcasing a number of G5 notes, Zayn stuns- unsurprisingly. His smooth, decadent tone is one of a kind. And last, but certainly not least, Zayn's inclusion of an entire song (Intermission: Flower) in his native language, Urdu, is a statement in and of itself. In a music industry that is depraved of nearly any Desi individuals, Zayn stands out all on his own as a British-Pakistani Muslim. All in all, Mind of Mine shows glimpses of artistic genius, and what I am sure is a promising career ahead of Zayn. Don't let his boy band roots stray you away from this masterpiece. 10/10.",3,3,"Apr 13, 2016"
10,"Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! Perfect!",3,3,"May 10, 2016"
10,"loved it it was good, good job Zayn. His vocal ability is undeniable. also the transitions between the songs is smooth. Lyricwise hey are deep. The fact that he has both upbeat and ballads is also great. The icing on the the cake is the Urdu song. This is a solid debut album.",2,2,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"AMAZING WORK BY ZAYN!! He wanted a new road from old band One Direction to show a new risky move. From sexy 'PILLOWTALK' to ballad 'fOoL fOr YoU'. Or his dad's Urdu 'fLoWeR'.
You can't miss this brilliant piece of work!! Best album so far with Queen Beyonc, and ZAYN.",2,2,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"There are a bunch of my favorite in this one but i love It's You the most such an ethereal song with those heavenly falsettos. TiO is such a banger. In fact, there's a lot of banger in this album, Wrong, PillowTalk, Befour, Like I Would to name a few. And i really love the intro, Mind Of Mine, it really showcases Zayn's beautiful voice. And there a song, Flower, which he sang in",2,2,"May  1, 2016"
10,"Absolutely AmaZayn! One of the greatest album ever if not the best. Sick tunes with profound vocal variations, not to mention the mesmerizing high notes especially the severity of G5 note he belted in sHe. We might have a hard time hearing the songs of this calibre again. Personally i can't get enough of Pillowtalk, BeFour, sHe, Flower, dRuNk, TiO, Borderz, Bright, Like a Would.",2,2,"May  3, 2016"
7,"This is an exceptional album that not many would have seen coming from Zayn Malik. Any 1D fans that were expecting the commercial pop tracks they would typically receive from the band when Zayn was a member would be majorly disappointed by this album. Therefore, Zayn leaving 1D was a huge risk, but clearly a necessary move he had to make since he had his own talent to offer. This album sits high in the current landscape of music along with many other RnB musicians.",2,2,"May  8, 2016"
9,"Mind of Mine is a great album,Zayn is much better solo than in One direction.
The Album has amazing song (Pillowtalk,She,Like i Would,etc...).
Zayn has a spetacular Vocal and differents shades in the songs.
Its a great begin to Zayn....",2,2,"May 12, 2016"
7,"ZAYN  a prova viva de que uma cabea pode pensar melhor do que cinco. Aps abandonar seu antigo grupo conhecido como One Direction, ZAYN se liberta do meio pop genrico e exaustivo que tanto o prendia, e, em seu primeiro lbum solo, Mind of mine, ele apresenta um trabalho formidvel recheado de boas intenes.			A princpio o disco se destaca em vrios quesitos. As sonoridades de todas as 17 faixas so complexas, viciantes e entorpecentes a ponto de te fazer querer mais e mais. Os arranjos assim como as composies so extremamente bem trabalhados, e como se tudo isso no bastasse, a voz sedutora e flexvel de ZAYN torna tudo muito mais claro e prazeroso. PILLOWTALK e BeFoUr, so nitidamente umas das canes mais atraentes do disco, mas  apenas em Wrong que ZAYN beira a perfeio juntamente com os vocais bem acoplados de Kehlani.				Em alguns momentos, as canes apresentam um potencial no muito bem explorado, o que de maneira alguma as torna ruim, mas deixam de ganhar um pouco a mais de credibilidade. O nico breve momento em que o sentido do CD  perdido,  na stima faixa, INTERMISSION:FLOWER.				Talvez para alguns fs que anteriormente acompanhavam o trabalho do 1-D, Mind of mine pode ser considerado uma reviravolta chocante e promissora na carreira de um artista com muito talento e com um inevitvel grande futuro pela frente. Certamente achamos nossa Beyonc na verso masculina. (B)",1,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
7,"O lbum  gostoso de se ouvir,tem um bom fluido e propsito.Os singles so timos,mas as melhores msicas so She e Drunk.Elas merecem um videoclipe.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"The album debut of Zayn Malik is truly amazing. When I finished listening to the album I completely forgot that he was in 1D. This album has sounds unusual but certainly these are a treat for the brain. This is one of the best albums this year. My congratulations to Mr. Malik.",1,1,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Honestly I am not in in One Direction's demographic but I have been waiting on Zayn's album since I heard his voice in one of their songs in about 2013.  Mind of Mine is really good.  My favorite tracks are ' She, She Don't Love Me', Bright , Be Four , TIO,  actually all of them .  My only complaint is that ' Flower ' should have been longer.  This is an excellent first album.",12,13,"Mar 26, 2016"
9,"With a mix of The Weeknd's sound and lyrics, ZAYN's Mind of Mine it's a different face of Malik's work in One Direction. As it happened with Miley Cyrus' Bangerz, he wants to left the image he had with the band.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Of course some songs stand out more than others, but every song is enjoyable to listen to - there are none that are completely distasteful. His tone helps carry the songs, as it is beautiful and soothing, yet slightly rough too. He shows his diversity throughout the course of the album, with several ballads, such as Fool For You and BLUE. Also, some more R&B influenced songs like Drunk, Wrong, TiO. But what he does which no other Western mainstream pop or R&B singer has done is include a song (intermission) which he sings entirely in Urdu. This album really shows the blend of his cultural and musical influences. His Pakistani roots shine through in Flower (and the end of It's You), and the R&B that he loves so much from his dad listening to that type of music as he was growing up, is definitely incorporated into the album. Another admirable thing, for me at least, is how he is straight to the point; he is incredibly honest with the lyrics and holds nothing back - whether it's talking about falling out of love, his sexual desires, or how he feels he wasted time in the past and now this is his time to be the real him.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"It's an amazing album with songs that are quite pleasant and makes relax if you feel stressed out, and the best part of it it's Zayn's wide vocal range, you can hear through the entire album and it makes you feel like you're in heaven.",10,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his debut effort, this is exceeds expectations. The vocals are emotive and raw, you can actually feel him pour his emotions into the songs. I've seen people say how he's singing about sex. Yes, he is but that's not all? If you actually listen to the lyrics it's an even mix of pain, being made to feel like a puppet and manipulated, how he's had a rough time with love, and how he'd go above and beyond for the one(s) he loves. Saying he's just singing simply about sex is and insult to him and his music. This is an album where every single song is a jam, whether it's a dance song, something chill, or a ballad. Not one song is just a filler for the album, which says a lot considering there's 14 songs on the album, 18 on the deluxe version, and 20 on the target exclusive.",9,10,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"album maravilhosoo pisou na discografia do 1dlixo, serio muito bom mesmoooooooooo um luxo de album, 1d could never, pisou nos lixossssssssssssssssssss",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"For his first album, he has managed to pull together an album that not only expresses himself as a talented singer-songwriter, but also gives the listener a sense of the potential they should except from Zayn in the future. The songs fall into a wide-range, and each one has a personal touch from Zayn himself. His music is a far-cry from the manufactured pop he was singing from 1D.
The album is very cohesive and beautiful.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Amazing sound! I think this is a great start for this young man. His writing improved a lot since his time in one direction and he really could do something different than when he was in the boyband . I personally think the songs 'rear view' and 'fool for you' are the two shining parts of the album followed by the intermission wich was really a surprise.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind of Mine is the debut album from Zayn Malik, the former 1D star. It exhibits his high quality songwriting skills laced with steamy and smooth vocals. The album produces amazing musicality and it's hard to pick any one song that it is truly lack anything. Tunes such as Lucozade or Blue might cause the average listener to stray away, however, music lovers might take note in their absolute rawness. This commonly called 'PRnB' album puts a funky spin on the genre. If you're into alternative RnB, neo soul, or just looking for something new, give the album a good two listens and be amazed. Malik manages to deliver an exquisite LP that will surely leave you wanting more.",8,9,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"His first album and is already the most acclaimed of the moment. Mind Of Mine deserves a great recognition with well-produced songs, it's a really great job.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Its a solid debut album. I already knew Zayn had the best voice in One Direction but never had an idea about his song-writing ability. The lyrics are awesome especially in the song 'Lucozade'. His vocals are moody, sexy,expressive and full of riffs and runs. R&B is exactly his forte and he has shown mastery in it. His peers will have a lot of pressure now that he has set a standard already in the mainstream music.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"WOW..I never had thought that I would actually like..not like but LOVE an ex boyband member's album. When this kid first left 1d I thought he would flop real hard but boy he proved me wrong. The album is really impressive. With the touch of Justin Timberlake's early stuffs, little Miguel and Frank Ocean and a large portion with 90s R&B Zayn not only proved he has a great knowledge how R&B works but also has very strong vocals to support it. The writing could be slightly better but I am sure he will learn more as he experiences more in life. Its an excellent debut album. R&B lovers would love it.",8,9,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"SImply magnificent. You know it is a special record, when you see your 48 YEAR OLD DAD jamming to the songs and asking me,' HEY WHO IS THIS KID? IAM LOVING THIS RIGHT NOW. ITS BRINGING BACK SO MANY MEMORIES OF THE 90s'.
Everything about this album, from the whole VIBE and the SICK BEATS to the amazing VOCALS by ZAYN, just makes it worth it.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM TO ALL THE MUSICLOVERS OUT THERE .DONT MISS IT.",8,9,"Mar 27, 2016"
8,"Despite there being a few duds along the way (my least favourites being BoRdErZ and tRuTh, where the album runs the risk of becoming slightly mediocre), but overall I really enjoyed the cohesiveness of the sound of the album and Zayn's impressive vocals.",7,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"A highly anticipated album and Zayn did not disappoint. His melodic, well controlled voice is evident on all the tracks especially on It's You, Fool for You, the urdu Intermission : Flower (i wish this was longer..would have loved a full song), Rearview, Wrong. Definitely looking forward to more things from Zayn.",7,8,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"MELHOR LBUM EVEEEEEEEEEER. Quero Drunk, Wrong, She, TIO, LIKE I WOULD, FOOL FOR YOU COMO SINGLES. Quero muitas performances, muitas high notes, pq ta demais esse lbum, Parabns !!!",6,7,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"HINRIOOOOOOOOOO, PISOU REI. Impressionado como esse album  bom, viciadissimooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo nos hinos",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind if Mine is a beautiful album that deserves Grammy nominations. Don't listen to biased critics who are favoring the shady 1D machine. It is pure poetry and Zayn really displays his talent via a myriad of great bops like Drunk, Rear View, Befour as well as sings soulful ballads like Pillowtalk and Flower. This was such an amazing debut album.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
8,"Great sound different to his one direction days it feels like this is the music he always wanted to make. Great to listen to when doing work as it keeps me motivated.",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Amm Zayn. Que hinrio da porra, no tem uma msica ruim, s tem hinossssss. Primeiramente Mind Of Mine, segundamente primeiramente. ZAYN EU NASCI PRA TE AMAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"king zayn slayed with his debut album he is coming this album is best album of 2016 Amazing  vocals and songs he really workd hard on this album it shows amazing album zayn Good Job!!",10,12,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"absolutely amazing, he's so talented and his songs are absolutely incredible, great vocals great songs. loved it. so glad he left one direction and can finally be himself.",10,12,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Mind Of Mine is an excellent first album, Zayn got soul in his  voice; this album is very well produced, he proves that he has talent, a versatile voice, sexy and powerful, I can't pick a favorite song cause they are all different and beautiful. He's a true artist.",5,6,"Apr  7, 2016"
7,"E com esse lbum que percebemos um dos motivos de Zayn ter sado da 1D. A sonoridade,composio ... completamente diferente do pop clich do grupo. Zayn funciona definitivamente melhor em carreira solo.  Vocais timas,com batidas que te fazem viajar.
Detaque para 'Pillowtalk' 'Drunk' e 'Fool for You'",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
9,"Zayn's vocals are truly exceptional in this album. This album is mature with regards to its sound and production. It has a certain Frank Ocean feel to it but, however, fails to impress lyrically. The album is also quite long and could have been leaner and more precise. Overall, this is beautiful piece of work with special mentions to the songs- Like I Would and It's You.",8,10,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Zayn said that he wanted the album to be as honest as he could possibly make it, and that really comes across. He's not really holding back, even with things that others may use to put him in a bad light. The album is so emotionally loaded and somehow also really mellow. It makes me wanna cry, but it also makes me wanna chill for the next decade. It's beautiful in every way, lyrically, musically, vocally. Everything is about this album is great. He is so talented and his range is out of this world. This album is just so distinctively ZAYN. It comes across really sincere and genuine. Kudos to Zayn for this. All his hard work has paid off. It's amazing!",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"zayn managed to put it all together. he found his real self . rnb is definitely his kind of music. his amazing vocals is just perfect for this album.  he's definitely off to a great start",8,10,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I'm so **** happy Zayn released this album. For me it's perfect and I can't stop listening to this. It's one of my favourtie albums for sure. Zayn is my habibi.",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
8,"A great album to break your typical boy band image, but in the vast sea of R&B albums, the album stands almost nowhere. His sultry vocals, musical production, Collaboration with Kehlani are the highlights of the album. The album however can be easily forgotten.",4,5,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Honestly this is the most versatile album ive heard till yet ! Every song is sung PERFECTLY n moreover every song has its own style n beauty ! ZAYN is the new image of music industry ! He is not a person who does a lot live shows or promo or wanna be famous n earn money ! He does n wanna do all that gives him happiness n that's what is good about him ! He has topped charts n started a NO1 solo career without BIG PROMO ! His music is what does the talking ! GREAT ALBUM 5000/10",4,5,"Mar 29, 2016"
10,"One of the rare albums i listen from first to last song without skipping. Everything on point in this album, vocals,  lyrics, melody, production. Excellent job Zayn. My kudos!",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Zayn's first solo album is really good and has a koind of chill feelong to it. His vocals are insane especially in iT's You, Blue and INTERMISSION: Flower. Every song is good!! The more I listen to the album, the more I love it.",4,5,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"A fantastic album with good songs. ZAYN gave us what we were not waiting, when you listen to it you will buy the album, because it's fantastic. LIKE I WOULD, SHE, PILLOWTALK AND OTHERS SONGS ARE AMAAAAAAZING, THE WHOLE ALBUM IS PERFECT, BUY IT :)",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"This is one of those albums you can listen from beginning to end without skipping ahead. There's something for everyone. Zayn outdid himself on this impressive debut. Raw, honest lyrics, amazing beats and sexy as hell. He has definitely left his 1D sound behind him with this album. Emotional, mellow at times but never boring. I haven't even mentioned how spectacular Zayn's vocals are. It's heaven for your ears. Do yourself a favor and pick this album up. It's a gem. Don't let the 1D antis sway you before you give it a chance. You won't regret it.",6,8,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"I have always been grown up with R&B/urban music esp 90s R&B and Zayn revived my childhood days with this album. What was this precious gem even doing in that boyband ? There are songs that remind me of Boyz II Men, Stevie Wonder, Rick Astley, Prince and some latest like Frank Ocean and Chris Brown also  slightly. His vocals are undeniably great with .great soul in the lyrics and composition. An EXCELLENT album for a debut artist. I loved the entire album. Thanks to Zayn for creating this masterpiece.",6,8,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Great vocals, nicely done for first album. enjoying every minute of it!!! replaying a million time.... kinda cool!
I read almost all the reviews by 'critics'... these people don't understand ****. They are criticizing him for singing about sex... which planet are they living on??? almost half the songs out there are about sex! oh please!",6,8,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"There is no doubt that Zayn has done something different with this album. Even starting with the way his tracklist is written. You can say that it's childish, but that's how he wanted to express himself and for someone that's been in a cage for five years that is more than okay! I had a lot of high expectations for this album and when i first listened to it, I must say he's outdone himself. This album, in my personal opinion, is one of the best that has been released so far this year! The beats are really amazing work. Zayn has done well choosing Malay Ho, MYKL and the mysterious xyz as his producers. It all comes together very nicely on this record. If you listen closely and know a little bit of Zayn and his story, the lyrics are really deep too and show a lot of him and his story. Every song is very unique and special in its own way and in my opinion, there is not one bad song on there. His vocal abilities are also getting displayed very nicely. Yes, that boy can really sing. He is really a talented boy, there's no doubt about that.",3,4,"May 10, 2016"
10,"I'm so proud of Zayn. Everything is perfect on this album : the lyrics, his voice ... Every single song is a master piece. I'm so happy that the world get to see his beautiful mind.",8,11,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"K. Michelle always surprises when it comes to albums. 'More Issues Then Vogue' is the best release of R&B 2016 is simply amazing as it brings a fusion of melodies and feelings on each track without losing the proposal of the work as a whole.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2016"
10,"where bossa nova is shown even in the more calmer songs. The disc maybe won't fascinate by it's quality but here can be found also some distinctive, subdued songs such as 'Streets Bloom', acoustic and stirring 'Palha' or a little exuberant 'Asfalto e Sal'.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2016"
7,"Admittedly R&B is not my genre, so maybe that's why some songs dragged for me. But overall, Staples' new album has plenty of soulfully uplifting tracks that warrant multiple listens.
Favorite Tracks: Take Us Back, Love And Trust, High Note, Don't Cry, Tomorrow, History, Now; MLK Song.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"Another fine album from James and his talented band. If you have heard his previous work then this is along the same road. Maybe not as catchy as his older stuff but still very good. I would say 8 out of 10 would be fair but gave 10 to offset a silly '1' rating.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2016"
9,"Like Janet Jackson meets Maxwell via TLC and, weirdly (in a good way), Steely Dan. Beautiful, eccentric, lush, soulful, wonderful. Layers upon layers of complex harmonies and incredible hooks. One of the best albums this year IMHO.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2016"
8,"By far, this is an album that easily captures what it's to sorrow on the dance floor. An album with sultry R&B and very well used, with catchy and romantics compositions. Very well thought out for a debut album.",1,1,"Feb 11, 2016"
8,"This got a veyr comfy R&B mood carried with electronic-chillout house influence. It's sounds like a soundtrack to the winter and the catchy good moments when you in love with your most significant person who you love. Great production, tight vocals.  8/10",1,2,"Feb 10, 2016"
3,"Great voice, amazing talent. However, this is another example of artists working around an album with only a few hits, just to make money and sell albums.",0,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
5,"Um lbum para ser bom de verdade precisar ser mais do que um bom lbum, ele precisa ser, de alguma forma, memorvel. Esse no  o caso do lbum de estreia do duo de neo soul Lion Babe: Begin  bom, mas passa longe de ser considerado um trabalho marcante.
Formado pela cantora Jillian Hervey e pelo instrumentalista e produtor Lucas Goodman, o Lion Babe faz uma slida e interessante mistura de neo soul com msica eletrnica e R&B tradicional. Tudo bem certinho, tudo bem produzido (inclusive com a participao de nomes competentes como, por exemplo, Pharrell Williams, Robin Hannibal **** Don't Kill My Vibe) e Al Shux (Empire State of Mind). Entretanto, o resultado final no consegue passar a mesma fora criativa que a essncia da dupla parece ter. Faixas boas, mas que no levantam voo em nenhum momento devido a falta de um toque especial. Esse  o caso da estilosa On The Rocks que acaba resultando em uma boa ideia perdida ao no 'libertar' todo seu potencial. Outro exemplo  boa Wonder Woman sobre o poder feminino: a boa produo de Pharrell no impede que a cano falte carisma necessrio para elevar o resultado final. O pior problema em Begin  a imaturidade lirica da dupla. No que as composies sejam infantis ou bobas, pelo contrrios, a dupla toca em assuntos de gente grande como empoderamento feminino, sexo e desiluso amorosa. O que de fato acontece que a maneira como eles falam sobre essa assunto ainda precisa de uma imensa refinada e de amadurecimento, buscando uma esttica que esteja de acordo com as suas pretenses. Novamente, falta contedo para dar vidas as boas ideias. Apesar disso, a vocalista Jillian Hervey  competente e tem uma voz deliciosa, apesar de ainda precisar procurar a sua prpria personalidade j que  possvel ouvir de maneira clara as vrias influncias que a 'moldaram'. Outros bons momentos em Begin so Jungle Lady, Hold On e Little Dreamer.  possvel ver um bom futuro para o Lion Babe, mas eles precisam achar a receita para se tornarem memorveis.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
8,"muito bom esse album, jillian tem uma voz muito similar a voz da erykah badu e o trabalho  bem planejado porem se perde em umas partes como faixas soltas tipo 'On The Rocks'",0,0,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"After listening to Dre's new Compton album, I quickly found that this man, Anderson .Paak, was simply just taking the spotlight every time he was on the microphone. This album is simply incredible and shows just how talented this guy really is. I swear if he doesn't win a Grammy for this someone will get shot courtesy of me jk",4,4,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"Simply amazing you don't know how good is Anderson .Paak 'til you don't listen Malibu... in particular The Season is a pure and simple MASTERPIECE, no other word, in less then 2 minutes he brings you pure feelings... Less cohesive and deep that To Pimp a Buttefly but he deserve the recognition he still not have. He reminds me also XXX of Danny Brown in some songs, listen at least The Season you'll be grateful",1,1,"Feb  8, 2016"
9,"The musicianship on display on this album is incredible. Anderson .Paak has managed to craft a set of songs that have their feet platted firmly in both the funk, soul and R&B of decades past and modern hip hop. It feels like what would happen if Stevie Wonder and Kendrick Lamar made an album. Paak bravely goes wherever he feels and the results are sublime. The only problems I have with the album are that it's perhaps two or three songs too long and it could benefit from a greater variety of moods. Those are really nitpicks though as what is there is so great.",1,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
10,"A very uplifting album and full of spirit... You can hear the gospel influence. I think Heart Don't Stand a Chance is easily the best song on the album. The features are also impressive, with Schoolboy Q and BJ the Chicago Kid.",1,1,"Feb 16, 2016"
9,"By far one of the best albums released so far this year. Paak clearly establishes himself as one of the heads of this R&B/Hip-Hop fusion that's been gaining more and more traction over the years with soulful instrumentals, clever lyrics, a great flow and distinct singing voice. Looking forward to seeing future collaborations with other artists.
Fave Songs: The Bird, Heart Don't Stand a Chance, Am I Wrong, Lite Weight, Silicon Valley",1,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"The most intriguing thing about Dre's most recent album was the interesting voice and bars of Anderson .Paak. Instead of going in the rap direction, Anderson instead released a testament to old school soul and R&B. This is a fantastic album - tracks like 'Celebrate,' 'Put Me Thru,' and 'Come Down' are catchy and pretty much force the listener into breaking out into dancing. I didn't think any of the tracks were particularly weak, though some have more essence to them - 'The Bird' is such a track that I thought did a great job of opening the album and provided the listener with the answer to the question of 'who is Anderson. Paak?'
Altogether, one of the best albums of 2016 so far - though that isn't saying much on January 18th, but I'm certain that people will still be listening to this masterpiece years from now.",5,7,"Jan 18, 2016"
9,"EXPOSINGFLOPS is a piece of excrement and a **** troll. The perfect example of everything wrong with this website. If theres a moderator around, please delete his opinion, because it's not only **** and generic, it's wrong.
Great album, Anderson's a great artist and a cool guy, very down to earth. Known to hang with fans after shows.",3,5,"Jan 18, 2016"
8,"'Malibu' by Anderson Paak is a really good album. We can see an inspiration in 'To Pimp a Butterfly' in a few moments on this album. It's nice beginning of this year.",3,5,"Jan 19, 2016"
9,"Paaks got a musicality that could likely place him in the category of genius. Scope and influence are on display and while wide-ranging, never give the album a sense of attention-deficit disorder: it all flows like a single thought.
The most out of place track on the album is probably Silicon Valley; while the song is just as catchy, well-produced and layered it is more lyrically juvenile and overtly misogynistic than the other offerings.",1,2,"Jan 26, 2016"
8,"Real late to hear Anderson Paak and found him by mistake. But after hearing two of his collabos with other artists I had to find more and I'm glad I did. This sound is unique and none of the songs the same, making for a very listenable record. Now I can't say I'm a fan of all the songs as a few are sugar coated or mashups of sounds I don't really dig. However, this artist is one to watch and hear.",0,0,"May 17, 2016"
9,"This album defines good feels. Keep you feeling great all the way through. But besides the feels, on a more critical tip. this album is amazing. The lyrics are deep and introspective as .Paak delivers great performances that are filled with personality.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2016"
8,"Ever since this project released, Anderson.Paak has been getting non-stop praise. Along with those people and publications that have been saying those wonderful things, I will join them as well. This is one of the better albums to be released this year, and I think it will appear on many year-end lists for many publications. The overall concept and feel of the albums is what really sucks me in, along with the fantastic guest appearances. Mr. Paak decides to take advantage of the limelight he's received from making appearances on Dr. Dre's 'Compton' and The Game's 'The Documentary 2.5' and has applied that hype and approval to this album. I look forward to seeing Anderson.Paak on Dre's Aftermath Records, and will be paying close attention to what he does until then.",0,0,"May 26, 2016"
8,"Favourite Songs: Parking Lot, Come Down, The Bird, Am I Wrong
Least Favourite Songs: Silicon Valley
Anyone like me that heard Anderson Paak's last album Venice should have seen that something amazing like this was coming from Anderson .Paak. Although I didn't love Venice, I did say he had a lot of potential and that potential blossoms with this new album, which despite being an hour long is very cohesive; one of the many reasons it can be compared to Kendrick Lamar's last LP. The album is full of really tight grooves and some really funky bass lines that help drive the tracks forward and with his soulful and unique sounding vocals over the top the tracks become magnificent. Perhaps what's most impressive about this album is its features. Why? Because they're few and far between. Paak could have easily made the mistake of rushing into the studio with as many artists as he could as I'm sure he's eager to now that he has a newfound fame but he keeps the amount of features low and when they do turn up they don't outshine him in any way (they'd find it hard to if they tried.) They simply blend into the song as necessary. This is probably best demonstrated by Schoolboy Q on 'Am I Wrong' who I'm sure more than a few people will not recognise because of his flow and chilled delivery. Aside from a couple ok tracks here and there Malibu is great and I was surprised I liked this album as much as I did because there are very few R&B albums I love, old or modern. He can only go up from here.
Better Than Previous Project?: Yes
Try This If You Like: Speakerboxxx/The Love Below by Outkast",0,0,"Feb 22, 2016"
9,"Anderson .Paak has solidified himself as my favorite voice in the west-coast neo-soul movement. Musically beautiful, lyrically poignant and thematically consistent, .Paak delivers a fantastic outing with 'Malibu'.
Favorites: The Bird, The Season/Carry Me, Am I Wrong, Without You, Room In Here, Come Down & Silicon Valley
Weak Spots: Lite Weight, Celebrate & The Dreamer (but these aren't even bad, not by a large margin! They're just less fantastic!)",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"The artist formerly known as Breezy Lovejoy has quite possibly come out with the best album of the year. Anderson weaves Soul, Funk, Blues, and Hip-Hop together incredibly well to make a spectacular and cohesive listen. He is on a roll and could be a superstar in the near future.
My favorite tracks: EVERYTHING!!! But if I was to narrow it down to 3 tracks, they would be Parking Lot, Come Down, and Put Me Through.",0,0,"May 21, 2016"
9,"I didn't know much about Anderson Paak before I listened to this album, but by the time I was finished, I was convinced he was the most talented musical artist I knew. His skill in rapping, singing, and producing are all highlighted in Malibu. Funk, soul, hip-hop, and R&B influences are scattered throughout this album, and Paak allows them all to mesh flawlessly. He raps very clearly, with thoughtful and witty bars, and his singing is soulful and R&B influenced. This record is sincere and personal, as Paak explores his come up, never forgetting his humble beginnings while declaring his prominence. It's meant to evoke feelings ranging from nostalgia and longing to perseverance and hope. While most stay high on their success, Anderson Paak stays true to his roots and reminds us that what we've endured will forever be a part of who we are",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"And just when I was about to write off modern RnB, Anderson Paak happens and I am won over. Words cannot describe my love for this masterpiece. You there! don't waste time reading this crap, go listen to this album now!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2016"
7,"Normalmente cuando algn artista decide grabar un disco debido al xito de un single 'de prueba' no espero nada muy grande y 'Wildfire' no fue la excepcin, lo escuch nicamente por recomendacin y por ser el primer disco del ao. Quiz no es lo mejor que pudo hacer pero fue bastante agradable encontrar un par de canciones que no se olvidan de un da a otro. Es su primer trabajo discogrfico y es bastante completo, Rachel no se arriesgo, se mantuvo en su zona de confort y eso est bien porque le funcion.
Highlights:
Better Place
Stand By You
Lone Ranger
Beating Me Up
Astronauts
Congratulations",2,3,"Jan 15, 2016"
0,"I don't really know on why the GP likes this girl so much. Her songs are beyond basic and dated. This album as a whole was just really dreadful. Girl, empowerment songs are so 2010. Move on!",2,4,"Jan 14, 2016"
3,"Wow, this album is so bland and forgettable, no wonder this was released in January. Rachel's singing does have some personality, but she just can't carry the weight of the subject matter. She isn't a great songwriter either, it can be passable at some points, but it mostly just sounds like bad high school poetry. The production and instrumentation isn't interesting at all, its the same percussion heavy pop production that's popular. I doubt that I will remember that this album even exists in about a month.",2,4,"Jan 18, 2016"
2,"The album pretty much sucks. She just got lucky with Fight Song thats it. No offence she's one of those artist who only have ONE good year in their career like Carly Rae, Robin Thicke, Mackelmore and Iggy Azalea
Sorry Stand by You is also disappointing!
Better luck next time Rachel!",1,2,"Jan 28, 2016"
10,"Oh this holy record sent me to the pop heaven. The melodies are so catchy and happy that you'll want to replay the songs over and over, her vocals are amazing. When will my faves?",2,5,"Jan 12, 2016"
3,"This album is basically the result of a car crash between Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift. Rachel took the worst from both and mixed it into a collection of impersonal, bland, forgettable songs that are supposed to be the work of several years, but that don't even manage to sound better than a rushed album recorded in three months. I don't exactly understand what Rachel is trying to convey to the listener with these songs, but it certainly left me with nothing. It was a rather boring experience, you know. The lyrics are also pretty bad on most songs, with an abuse of clichs (something Katy Perry and Taylor Swift do too, but they use the clichs in a smart way). But now let's move on to the positive things about the album. The cover.",0,1,"Feb  3, 2016"
0,"another trash marketing album, this songs are boring and repetitives it seems like a one hour song
i'm sorry rachel but this album it's pure garbage...",0,1,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"WIG OFF Underrated masterpiece, every song slayed me. I love the lead single. Listen it You'll be amazed that her vocals will snatch your boo. Guaranteed I swear.",0,3,"Jan 12, 2016"
5,"i am quite disappointed with this album. She may have the vocals but this album for me is one of those album that you really think is good but than it sucks. There are only like 4 songs which are wrote listening to. Unfortunately i don't think that she will make a huge success in the music industry and i think she is a one hit wonder.
my score:
1. stand by you 8/10
2. Hey Hey Hallelujah ft Andy Grammer  5/10
3. Specchless 6/10
4. Beating me up 5/10
5. Fight song 8/10
6. Better place 9/10
7. Long Ranger 4/10
8. You don't know my heart 5/10
9. Angles in Chelsea 5/10
10. Astronauts 4/10
11. Congratulations 5/10
12. Superman 5/10
overall: 57.5",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
9,"This is my first Chris Brown album, and i have to stay it's as good a start as anything. The first half is composed of bedroom music like 'Back to Sleep', and a few dance tracks that are perfect for the disco, like 'Zero'. Towards the end though, it softens slightly, to songs like 'Proof', which is about a man trying to show his women he isn't cheating, and it caps off with 'Little More (Royalty)' which is dedicated to Chris's own daughter, Royalty. The deluxe edition tracks are all stars, 'U Did It' is my personal favourite.
My only complaint is that Chris has said that this album is about growth and his new maturity. Yet, there are a few songs like 'Liquor', and 'Picture Me Rollin', that are your average songs about drinking and sex. Nothing special, and nothing really mature. Since these tracks are focused on the first half of the album, you could argue that it still shows growth, showing his reckless youth, and more mature, soulful sounds in the second half.
Either the way, Royalty is an amazing album, than i would recommend to any music fan.",8,8,"Jan 17, 2016"
10,"This album is A masterpiece, i found it better than his previous album. The best tracks are 'zero', a dafpunk-inspired song, with an awesome funky vibe, 'no filter'' an other beautiful disco-funk track, 'Back to sleep' an exelent throwback to old-school R&B, and 'picture me rollin', a g-funk track that reminds me works by tupac. The only 2 tracks that i didn't like were 'Wrist' and 'discover', but the rest of the album is gold",2,2,"May 29, 2016"
10,"One hell of an album. never boring, all the songs have different genres and styles. The best song on the album is 'Zero', a masterpiece, but other beautiful songs are the sweet 'Little More', the funky 'No filter' and the psychedelic 'Liquor'. This album is a beautiful tavel, that i suggest to everyone",2,2,"Jun  1, 2016"
10,"I'm not a big Chris Brown's fan, but this album rocks, in this album you can find a lot of enjoyable tracks, it surprised me, i thought it was worse, but it satisfied me. The best songs are 'Picture me rollin', 'Zero', 'No filter' and 'little more'",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
10,"The best Chris Brown's album, there is a lot of R&B and funk in this album, but also dance tracks. The best songs are 'Back to sleep' (a great R&B track), 'No Flter' (a Disco/funk track that remind MJ), 'Picture Me Rollin'' (a G-funk track, in the style of Nate dogg and 2pac), 'Zero' (a great Disco/funk track), 'Blue Jeans' (an other Disco/funk track, really beautiful) and 'Fine by Me' (a great Dance/R&B track)",9,10,"Jan  3, 2016"
8,"In ROYALTY Chris Brown showed that it is possible to bounce back and do it again a wonderful R & B album. With Hip-Hop hooks and sounds of Disco Music, Royalty manages to surprise and give you desire to hear more and more. Unlike past albums, Brown is much friendlier their true musical essence",6,7,"Jan  2, 2016"
10,"This is one of Breezy's one of the most quality albums he put out so far. Love him or hate him, you can't deny this man's talent. This album is for everybody when it comes to mainstream music. Standout tracks: Discover & Proof.",8,11,"Dec 22, 2015"
8,"One of the most interesting and unique projects Chris Brown has put out till date. Much different from his previous studio albums. First half of the album is filled with bedroom baby making music and infectious dance club tracks that will get anyone on their feet and dancing. the second half mellows down and seems (if you'll pardon the word) moist at times. Then come the 4 Deluxe tracks from which 3 out of the 4 should have made the Standard album. All in all it's a solid effort from Breezy and the album has certainly surpassed my expectations.",5,8,"Dec 22, 2015"
4,"Royalty is like the B side to X, which wasn't that great in the first place. The majority of songs are extremely lacking lyrically and Breezy's vocals can't make up for it. The title song was a diamond in the rough.",1,6,"Jan 31, 2016"
4,"I was looking forward to seeing whether Chris Brown could put out his first quality release artistically, but this album is exceedingly mediocre. I'd personally call it below average. Breezy remains without a career-validating classic, which is frustrating considering his talent. It's remarkable how he manages to continually release bad albums in spite of his gift. Maybe he'll never release a quality record. ~ 4.4/10
Best track: 'Make Love'",1,8,"Jan  1, 2016"
9,"This album is pretty well made, Chris Brown makes me forget all his troubles that cost him much of his career and has electro-pop songs like Anyway, dance songs like Zero and slow jam electro-R&B song Back to Sleep, this album is something I would suggest to any music fan.",0,1,"May 31, 2016"
10,"This album is a heavy, well-produced and multicolored album, it starts with the best song on the album, 'Back to Sleep', a groovy slowjam that shows that R&B is still alive. The rest of the album is varied, it has funk songs, EDM tracks, underground productions, etc...
In 18 tracks this album never disappoints, this proof that sometimes venture various sounds can be a good way to do music
Best tracks: Back to Sleep, Zero, No filter, Little More",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
1,"Completely laughable. Cringey cliched track after cringey cliched track. Obviously its R kelly and its not meant to be taken seriously but come on at least make some decent songs.",1,1,"Dec 16, 2015"
5,"No question Kelly's voice is still very good and with age very little of it's quality has failed him. The guy could literally sing about anything and it sound good. But, this is the same sh*t he has put out for countless albums, and I am sure people will buy it (as they bought his past albums). There are some quality tracks, but enlisting the likes of Lil Wayne, etc might make the album LOOK stronger but does not make the songs stronger. Countless sexual induendo, and flat out sex singing/boasting is tiring.",1,1,"Dec 13, 2015"
5,"R. Kelly stills decaying. I like all of his albums, but I think that he's taking a very confused direction musically, and it has been noticed a lot in his last albums. I hope he improves in his music.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2015"
9,"Captivating, moody and experimental as hell, 'AQUARIA' is an album full of emotion and catchy hooks, that will make you think, feel and above all love it from the first track.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2015"
8,"Leaves some more to be desired lyrically, but Boots' production chops are absolutely killer. Experimental, introspective, and catchy as hell at times. Looking forward to what's ahead for him, whether it be collaborations or solo work.
Fave Tracks: Brooklyn Gamma, Bombs Away, I Run Roulette, Only",0,0,"Mar 31, 2016"
0,"Wow what an album.... Definite contender for worst AOTY. Just stop Cee Lo, slow your rolls and and go feast on a buffet. That's all you're sincerely good for now. You irrelevant piece of garbage I hope you fall and can't get up for making such a disgrace to music. Obese fatty little fat fat fat contributing factor to America's health issues. Eat a salad. Maybe it'll clear your head (and arteries) to create better music cause your grooves are filled with more junk than your diet!",4,8,"Dec 13, 2015"
9,"Ceelo did not create this album to appease the critics, naysayers or otherwise. The essence of this album is internal .... despite the publicity setbacks with his legal issues, he created ART.  True CeeLo fans will love this album.",3,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"This album is fuking    awful.",0,2,"Dec 15, 2015"
0,"The standard dips largely within the beginning stages, the grooves throughout getting even worse, and Green himself has never sounded this bad before.",0,2,"Dec 13, 2015"
10,"Possibly the best Cee Lo album of all time guy nailed it excitement positivity story and more I like the detailed emotion here that Cee Lo delivers and if he does more like this that would be awesome you go Cee Lo!",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
9,"What happens when you combine talent and magnificent voice in a girl of 19 years? Comes a Alessia Caracciolo in music.
Her way of composing is really interesting and engaging, is something that we all stop to listen to what she has to say. This album, 'Know-It-All,' is just an experiment for the world than Alessia aims to bring to us in her music, it's only a starting point for her career - in which I desire to be very successful.
I must admit that the production of some tracks, as much as I like, got a little repetitive, but still fit well in young sound that the album brings, mixing Pop with influences by Contemporary R&B. Also, by the way, they should have put the tracks in a better position.
But in the end, however, the album is great and good dynamic for a first in music at age 19. Alessia deserves all good and better.",9,9,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"Amazing record. Hope she gets the recognition she totally deserves.Amazing record. Hope she gets the recognition she totally deserves.Amazing record. Hope she gets the recognition she totally deserves.",5,5,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"Alessia cara is amazing, this album too. Her voice is so expressive and the lyrics are so powerful, full of soul and truth.  Hope she gets the recognition, because she totally deserves it in every way. My favorites tracks is obviosly Here and Scars to Your Beautiful!",3,3,"Nov 17, 2015"
8,"Here's to hoping Alessia Cara will stay around a lot more in the music    community.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2015"
8,"Know It All funciona como um dirio, contm desiluses amorosas, os relacionamentos com a  famlia e amigos, a paixo, um dirio em que quase todos os jovens se identificam.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"Alessia Cara is amazing. She is such a relatable artist and her personality is so colorful. She is very different from most pop stars where she doesn't try to act glitzy and glamorous. Alessia Cara is definitely my new outbreak artist and I'm looking forward to her launch into super stardom.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2016"
7,"This is a pretty solid album -- as authentic and true to its original influences as you will find.  If you already own their first album, this is a worthy follow up.  If you are looking for something fresh to complement your collection of Chic, Skyy, or Change albums, this will fit the bill.  The only downside is that it's not particularly inspired or original.  If you are not already deep into the (neo-)disco style, there are better places to start.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2015"
8,"While it isn't perfect lyrically, it's definitely refreshing and experimental to say the least.
I can't wait to see Raury grow as an artist.
Favorite tracks: Forbidden Knowledge, CPU, Trap Tears.
Least Favorite: Friends",2,2,"Oct 18, 2015"
9,"I personally love this album, I love the message he tries to convey through the album and he does it thoroughly, lyrically he still has some growing to do but nonetheless it was a solid album that in my opinion was underrated.
Favorite tracks: Devils whisper, Forbidden Knowledge, CPU, Mama, Peace Prevail
Least Favorite: if I had to choose one it'd be crystal express",1,1,"Oct 20, 2015"
10,"Raury's ambitious sophomore release, 'All We Need,' encapsulates elements from genres scaling the entire spectrum. A melodic album of Hip-Hop/Folk and hints of electronica, bursting with originality. We only hope this will blaze the trail for other artists to follow, and at the young age of 19 we eagerly follow Raury through his career that is just beginning. Brilliant and inspiring.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2015"
10,"The track list for the Deluxe Edition of Revolve was arranged well. The first track of Revolve, self titled and narrated by Idris Elba. Idris gives a really strong voice in narrating especially that 'we are strrronng' phrase. I like how they transition to the next song All My Heart. John then comes in with that strong voice to show he still has it in him. The song produced and written alone by Newman was a strong kick starter. Next song to Something Special. And it really is something special when John gets a group of gospel singers to help him. He uses them in several other songs later. Can we feel it with the lights down? He sure can't in the next song Lights Down, it starts of with a similar tone to a Daft Punk song. Then the catchy 'Come and Get It' track. And the mainstream EDM track by Calvin Harris and John, Blame plays off after 'Come and Get It'. After that it goes to  Never Give It Up. A groovy song. Lyrically good for me as it relates to me a lot. Tiring Game comes next with those gospel singers again. With the help of Charlie Wilson too of course. Next track is Give You My Love. This one also had gospel singers. I like the irony of how he wants to give 'you' his love, and then the next track he says that he isn't your man in 'I'm Not Your Man'. One of two ballads of Revolve. The next track seems to be about marriage? Its named 'Called It Off' and the lyrics seem to touch on that topic. Next, Killing Me. Lyrics is about a girl playing games with John and he is dying to stop playing, as if it is Killing him. One of deluxe tracks then plays, The Past. The 2nd ballad of Revolve. It is about John reminiscing his past with his ex. One of my favorite tracks on Revolve. The final track is 'We All Get Lonely'. The only song I like the least. Almost 80% Gospel. Gospel style isn't really my thing. But its just one track off 14 total. So it doesn't matter much. This album overall displays John's power in writing, singing and producing. He definitely revolved. Revolve is one of those albums much worth the money.",1,3,"Oct 25, 2015"
8,"Amazing EP. I haven't listened to her mix-tape yet, but I can say these 6 songs flow very well and are just wonderful! Feels very relaxing, with its predominant R&B roots mixed with electronic influence, summed to Kelela's great voice, makes up for a definite must-listen.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2015"
10,"This is amazing, I love this EP so much, one of the best of the year.
................................................................................",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"Hallucinogen is such an improvment over Cut 4 Me.  With help from Arca and other incredible producers, Kelela meshes R&B with experimental electronica music which echos FKA Twigs' work, but, this sound is very much her own.  We all need to pay attention because Kelela is grwoing as an artisit, and it's only going to get better from here.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2015"
8,"Alluring and intimate. Kelela definitely takes a step in the right direction.  In a field where R&B mixes with synthesizers, Hallucinogen shines in its own dim light .",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"This album did not disappoint at all. Its everything I wanted 20 Y.O and Discipline to be. Those two albums showed that Janet just did not feel very inspired and had nothing to say (which she alludes to in the intro to 20 Y.O.) Those two albums do have some great songs on them but the moment that Janet starts to feel herself again and does have something to talk aboutBAM, she brings this PERFECT album. Its honestly my favourite album since The Velvet Rope (Sorry All For You and Damita Jo, I do love you both though).
The mix of genres, tributes to past albums, new versions of Janet all culminates into one of the best albums released this decade. Theres something for everyone. This, this right here is truly classic Janet with a modern twist.
I justIm all sorts of emotional now. 7 years. Weve waited 7 years for this absolute masterpiece. I legit cant find a flaw. Not a single one. Not a single filler. Not a single negative thing to say. Not a single skip worthy song. Janet Jackson truly has returned to form.
It's very had to pick favourites but I definitely look forward to Dammn Baby's catchy shoulder bopping sway, Lessons Learned emotional vocals and the beauty of Shoulda Known Better. This is a beautiful work of art and really does pick up from All For You.",2,2,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"For me, Janet came back strong with this album. Unbreakable is cohesive and you can really tell it came from her heart and doesn't have the frivolous production and lyrics that Discipline and 20 Y.O. had.
I really think, this is a way a 49 year-old-woman should do music, not pretending to damage her legacy and not trying to catch young audience by embarassing herself. Way to go Janet!",1,1,"Oct  7, 2015"
10,"Muito bom, Janet no decepcionou em nenhum momento. Desejo todo o sucesso pra ela e espero que tudo continue dando certo para ela!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,1,"Oct  3, 2015"
9,"El album es un muy buen regreso, cumple con lo que debia cumplir, ademas de poderosas baladas r&b nos trae canciones hechas para correr a la pista de baile con un pop standar que ya estabamos extraando entre tanta cancion pop dedicada a ex novios aparece Janet con un pop dedicado a divertirnos.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"Unbreakable is Janet's first album in seven years and what a wait it was. Janet ditched the idea of keeping up with younger talents like she did on 2008's Discipline and found herself with something mature, age appropriate, honest, fun and personal.
She's back at the helm with writing and producing with her long time collaborators Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis-and from there we have the first step in the right direction. Unbreakable is easily one of Janet's best projects in her 11 album history and is a highlight in music for 2015.
My personal highlights are:
Unbreakable
Dammmn Baby
Burnitup!
No Sleeep
Well Traveled
Night
Shoulda Known Better
Gon B Alright
After You Fall
Black Eagle",0,1,"Oct  3, 2015"
9,"The album we've been waiting for since All For You. Never liked the overtly sexy Janet which always sounded and looked forced on her. The album could have benefited from some editing in terms of the number of tracks. 17 is too much. There are 3 radio-pop songs i could've easily done without for example. It affects the overall coherence of the album. She is at her best here when she does her 'plush' thing. It's always better to see a grown woman making the music that matches her years instead of juvenilizing her work for radio and sales relevance (Madonna take note). Welcome back, Ms.Jackson.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2015"
10,"'Unbreakable'  sem dvidas um lbum reflexivo e um novo rumo na carreira de Janet,  um lbum muito mais aberto as suas poesias e uma verdadeira carta de homenagem de Janet ao seu irmo Michael Jackson - sendo este o primeiro lbum da cantora desde a morte de seu irmo mais velho - assim como tambm  uma carta aos seus fs.
'Unbreakable' serve como uma avaliao de toda a carreira da cantora, onde ela pede desculpa pelos seus erros e traz aqui uma postura mais madura que seus ltimos trabalhos lanados na dcada passada, que eram predominantemente mais sexuais que este. A voz sexy e sussurrada da cantora ainda permanece em canes como na tima 'No Sleeep' - que foi dada como uma das melhores gravaes de 2015, mas  em canes mais cruas como 'After You Fall' que a gente percebe os vocais e o estilo do lbum, onde a cantora tem muito mais a dizer do que nunca.
Trazendo boa forma e nimo aos fs e crticos, 'Unbreakable' consegue facilmente se posicionar entre os melhores trabalhos j feito pela artista e mostra que sem a necessidade de ainda ter que provar algo, Janet deixa mais que provado que ela ainda pode nos proporcionar verdadeiros momentos bons como este.
Destaques: No Sleeep, Night, Unbreakable, Broken Hearts Heal e Gon' Be Alright.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2016"
10,"Often reflective, Janet has come back after a 7 year absence with an honest and pensive cd. Yes there are the club bangers that she is synonymous for projecting, but we are also getting a mature and contemplative woman with much to say. This is one of the strongest albums released this year, and for Janet strongest since her release, 'All For You'. There are many stand outs but should we need to pick a few listen to 'Dammn Baby', 'The Great Forever', 'Broken Hearts Heal', 'Night', 'Take Me Away'. But this truly is a magnificent album, and one that should be savoured and listened to on rotation. Well done Janet A Truly piece of art.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"Finally the Janet's redemption. Her best album since The Velvet Rope. Mature, personal and hypnotic. I can't stop hear this. She's here and show us her brillant felling for music and why she's the our queen.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
10,"LBUM EXCEPCIONAL !!!! Janet no decepcionou como sempre, trouxe um lbum bem trabalhado, uma sonoridade vibrante, limpa, vocais maravilhosos, lbum perfeito da primeira at a ltima faixa, compensou os 7 anos de espera",0,0,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"La variedad de estilos del R&B que hacen al lbum forzarlo a perder esa esencia POP que Janet nos estaba trayendo en sellos anteriores, tendremos tiempos en los cuales bailar, y otros no tan convenientes para la ocasin, momentos en los cuales brillaremos de lgrimas por las letras y ritmos tan cultos que hay en este lbum....
Sin ms precedentes ni antecedentes nuestra querida Janet nos trae un regreso maravilloso e inigualable de su carrera....",0,0,"Jun  2, 2016"
10,"Welcome back Ms. Jackson, it's been a long time, but worth the wait! the album its great, great vocals, flawless production, deep & personal lyrics, classic JJ sound but still very modern, BRAVO!!! Unbreakable, The Great Forever, Dammn Baby & Take Me Away, R my favorite songs.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"Welcome back ! Honestly i was not expecting the News album at suce a level! The fabulous trio Lewis/Jam/Jackson delivered an album that brings me back to All for you. I hope this album will meet success as it deserves it !",0,0,"Oct  2, 2015"
10,"To keep it short and simple I'm just going to say that this is the Janet album I've been waiting on since All for you. Beautiful and eclectic. The standard for women of pop has once again been set and the bar for artistic direction restored. Janet proves why she is the inspiration for most pop stars today especially females.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2015"
10,"I luv music, all categories.  I am glad to have Janet back, she is true to her hit album 'Janet'. This album shows she is doing things her way, not worrying about what critics write in regards to what makes a hit song.
Its what we love about Janet, upbeat, touching, personal and she is back to creating stylish R&B. Can't wait to see her new music videos! She looks like she did in 'Thats The Way Luv Goes' and 'If', she has not aged at all!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2015"
10,"This album is everything we hoped for but nothing we expected. It is the culmination of all things great about Janet Jackson. The songwriting is personal with powerful messages. The production is top notch. There is no real skip worthy filler material. She, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis hit this one out of the park. Congratulations, we Missed You Much!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2015"
10,"Beautiful, almost perfect, her best album, since The Velvet Rope, (her master piece), this new album feels like a mix between the social conscience in RN 1814 and the personal deep lyrics on TVR, with a modern (sometimes experimental) sound. It isn't the best album of the year, but, it's one of them. Another Janet's must have album",0,0,"Oct  5, 2015"
10,"Am I sad that the sexy Janet disappeared? Just a little if I have to be honest, but it doesn't stop this album being full of the Janet that I and everyone else has and still loves. Her most heartfelt lyrics since 'The Velvet Rope' and arguably the best vocal of her entire career! The album is currently in continuous play. The lead single 'No Sleeep' and the touching 'Lesson Learned' which beautifully connects into 'Black Eagle' are my highlights. Congrats on a job well done!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
10,"This truly is a great 'comeback' album for Janet.  The lyrics are deep and profound - reminiscent of her earlier work on Rhythm Nation 1814 and The Velvet Rope.  Unbreakable stands up against her greatest efforts.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2015"
10,"Grown, sexy, mature! This album is so great and I am so proud of Janet for doing something different and out of her element. It's sad when people knock someone for doing something different and better. The sounds on this album are top notch. Very well done!",0,0,"Dec 17, 2015"
10,"This is her best studio album since The Velvet Rope, All for You was ok, but Damita Jo & 20 Y.O were so disgusting that pissed me off, Discipline was very cool but not so far, Unbreakable should be a comeback, mature sounds, mature lyrics, everything perfect.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2015"
6,"Before:         .      .       .   Sandra     ... ,  metacritic      ,    ,   .
In process:     ...   ,    .    ,   .    ,     -.    ,   ...   .  -  !..    ...  !   , , .      ... , ,  .   .        .       ...
After:       ,    .            ,   .      .
[ 76677.56664.56577.5446 = 5.7 ]",0,0,"Feb 19, 2016"
10,"With this new album, Miss Jackson did a great job, with lyrics that talk about social problems, enjoying life, love and her fans, it`s a masterpiece! Welcome back Janet.",0,0,"May  1, 2016"
8,"This was one of the best albums I have listened to for a while. Kwabs songs might be ok not brilliant but the soul in his voice is just pure beauty. Songs such as Walk and Make You Mine are must listens I eagerly look forward to his follow up album.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
1,"The more complex likes of Look Over Your Shoulders thrillerish build-and-hush tension, My Owns dark and shifty Timbalandish textures and the moody, dubstep blues ballad of Forgiven, with its sunburst of a chorus, keep this lusciously atmospheric album well on the right side of smooth.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
5,"The album feels like one sell-out after another. The Weeknd is becoming less unique. This is no surprise but it's sad to see it happen. A few good tracks on here but by far my least favourite of his projects.",3,3,"Aug 29, 2015"
9,"This is an incredible album. I have been a Weeknd fan since I heard the words 'You don't know what's in store...' and going into this album - his third on a major label - I feared going into this album that he would 'sell out' and maintain a tamer version of his raw, emotionless, and disturbed persona so as to appeal to the masses and to the demands of being on a major label. How wrong I was!!!!!!!
HOB, Thursday, and EOS were individually brilliant projects, and when packaged as Triliogy and released under a major label, the commercial world got introduced to the brilliance and tortured soul that is The Weeknd. Some might argue that he deviated from this persona on his previous album, Kissland. I always begged to differ as he still stuck closely to his original persona, whilst exploring a bigger budget for making an album (i.e higher profile producers) and a demand for a wider audience.
In BBTM, The Weeknd has found the ultimate balance between the dark and the commercial! This is a record complete with his original darkness (Real Life, Tell Your Friends, Often, The Hills), some pop favourites (Can't Feel My Face, Earned It, In The Night), and an incredible selection of features (Labrynth, Lana Del Rey, and Ed Sheeran). It isn't just a selection of songs put together to aim at as many follower/fans as possible. But instead there seems to be a concept behind the album whereby he exposes us (and a girl) to his dark side in the earlier tracks, and by the midpoint of the album (Can't Feel My Face), he becomes wrapped up into the girl. Over the next couple of tracks (Shameless and Earned it), he warns her about the kind of guy he is and the kind of 'relationship' they will have, whilst embracing the 'relationship', only to discover on In The Night, that the girl  has got her own deeply rooted issues. Ultimately, the relationship falls apart on Prisoner, with each party admiting to their addiction to the kind of life they live and accepting that they cannot be together. In conclusion, on the final track Angel, The weekend says goodbye to the girl and 'wishes she finds somebody to love'.
If i had one criticism of this album, it would be the quality of the lyrics. The Weeknd is a great writer but on some songs, I found the lyrics a bit wanting.
This album surprised me and I am pleased to say it did in a positive way. I would go as far as saying it is in my top 3 records of the year. It is great to see how The Weeknd has grown as an artist, seemlessly exposing himself to the commercial world of music, whilst sticking to his original content. Almost a flawss brilliance!",3,3,"Aug 28, 2015"
9,"My ears yearned for more of Abels deep tempestuous lyrics and this album has delivered that and also supplies a sound for every mood. His Trilogy album will only serve the true hardcore fans with his raw, honest lyrics and he obviously knows that his commercial followers will expect something less aggressive.
This album gives everyone a bit of everything. Even inside the melodic songs such as 'Shameless' and 'Angel' you could almost assume he is still personifying drugs, just as he does with 'can't feel my face'.
He has stayed as true to himself as he can on this album considering he has to now sell records. If you only like him for earned it then you will be bitterly disappointed. Hardcore fans will feel that he has lost some of the magic we come to expect from the HOB, Thursday and EOS albums, but from a commercial point of view he has released a solid album with some solid tracks that will get a lot of air time.
The only song for me that needs addressing is Acquainted. Girls born in the 90's is a much better version and I feel he has swapped out a strong track for one which leaves me wanted to listen to the original almost after.
Still.....Abel delivers again.",3,3,"Aug 28, 2015"
6,"This album is a huge departure from his trilogy days. That would be a good thing, but his trilogy days is what set him apart from other R&B artists. I feel he is trying too hard to cater to the mainstream with songs like 'Earned It' and 'Can't Feel my Face'. Even though 'The Hills' has a trilogy sound, you can see he's trying to incorporate his old sound with this new pop sound, and I think The Hills is a good execution of that. I wish the whole album was similar to this. But at least this album is better than whatever the hell Kissland was.",2,2,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS SO GREAT. EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. When an album starts with the song Real Life, you know it is going to be good. The whole 14 song album is so amazing.",2,2,"Aug 29, 2015"
10,"This is by far the most compelling project by any artist to give traditional pop a much needed foundational makeover since the times of Prince and MJ! The lyrical flow and content is concise and profound throughout the album. The angelic vocals seamlessly hovering over the multi-genre instrumentals is from outta this world! The production of each track is simply unmatched over a variety of harmonic arrangements including heavy guitar rock, jazz, blues rnb, soul, funk, you name it! Moreover, the entire album seems to trace a very cohesive and captivating story arc from Real Life to Angel, unlike any other recent projects (with exception to Kendrick Lamar's TPAB). Even after the chart topping singles, BBTM  surprisingly retains plenty more potential hits. All in all, this is by far the best album of the year so far, and in the top 5 since 1999!, and possibly top 10 of all time (after testing its timelessness in a few years)!",2,2,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"From his mixtapes to Kiss Land to Beauty Behind the Madness.. He never fails to make you feel.  Although the beats for this album are definitely more 'uppity' throughout the album, you can still feel the dark emotions through his lyrics and his delivery of the words.  -- He has evolved as an artist and that's just brilliant.",2,2,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"This album is in my top 5 this year for sure. Almost every song from it is perfect, Weeknd proves that he is one of the best artists in music industry. Also 'In the Night' is one of the greatest tributes to MJ ever.",1,1,"Sep  6, 2015"
5,"First of all a brilliant singer there is no doubting that but the songs just weren't my cup of tea a little bit of a disappointment but The Weeknd's performance made up for it.",1,1,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"Yes, just yes! This 2nd album of The Weeknd it's good as f*ck, he did a incredible work in this album. I'm too glad of this new work, the hard lyrics and the sexual tension in the songs just transport us to another world, a dark, explicit and mysterious world.",1,1,"Aug 28, 2015"
7,"Nothing but satisfaction comes from The Weeknd's second studio album. Whether you're a die hard fan of the artist or just a fan of his ever growing list of successful singles, you're in for a treat with this incredible album from a truly incredible artist.
Starting off with a bang with the unforgettable Real Life, The Weeknd sets up for the bar to be raised higher and higher as the album continues on. Despite songs such as, Losers, Tell your Friends, Acquainted, In the Night, and As You Are, which are by no means poor, they just seem to be forgettable compared to the high class of the rest of the album. Singles: Often, The Hills, Can't Feel My Face, and Earned It have all received their own fair share of commercial success and for good reasons. Beauty Behind the Madness wouldn't have even come close to the success it has received without its precursor singles and their ability to invoke a variety of emotions into its listeners.
For the rest of the album we see the true artistry within the artist that is The Weeknd. From the incredible lyrics of Shameless, to the passion and soul within every word of Dark Times, to the hauntingly beautiful Prisoner, The Weeknd definitely has another top 10 single on his hands, especially in the upcoming winter market.
What is any classic album without an absolutely breathtaking conclusion though? The Weeknd and Pop/R&B fans will have this album on repeat for years to come and the album itself wouldn't nearly quite be what it is without its unforgettable conclusion. Angel not only overshadows the rest of the album, but it overshadows most music being made today. As each second passes in the 6+ minute Angel, it just gets better and better. The listener is completely consumed in true art and music. Not since Kanye West's Dark Twisted Fantasy album has a piece of music brought along such imagery and class with it. From the elite vocals, to the powerful backtrack, to the inspiring chorus and featuring artist, to the passion of its lyrics Angel is a classic all on its own. Even though Angel may not find itself as a single in the modern day commercial market, it's truly one of the greatest songs in recent history and just goes to show that The Weeknd has a special niche in the music business that will hopefully allow him to go on to create plenty of even more incredible studio albums. Beauty Behind the Madness is going to go on to be known in history as one of the best albums of 2015 and its class is only heightened by its hidden treat at track 14.",1,1,"Sep  7, 2015"
7,"The Weekend finally draws attention in pop scene.His first three mixtapes were creative and good.He got recognition and he released his debut Kiss Land which was a really boring album.Now we got this album.I think the weeknd succeed to keep his old r&b game in pop.Songs like Can't Feel My Face,In The Night got good pop vibes.Often and The Hills got good r&b vibes.But it's not surprising or different.After all i liked this album you should give a listen to it.",1,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"What caught me most about this album was the indirect story that it tells. Abel starts off being Abel by describing his world ('Real Life'), then proceeds to meet a girl and describe his view on love and relationships to her ('Losers.') They strike up typical visits in which Abel continues to be Abel about it ('Tell Your Friends') and describes how she is when he and crew are around ('Often'). However, Abel's attitude changes. He begins to develop feelings and wants her around more ('The Hills'). Eventually, he admits up to her that he is beginning to have feelings for the girl ('Acquainted'). He then describes how she makes him feel and that she may be the 'death' of him ('Can't Feel My Face' the death of the old Abel). He then tells her that he has no reserves about how she makes him feel and doesn't want to hide it ('Shameless') and that she has willfully made him feel this way ('Earned It'). However, she still has her reserves and doesn't seem ready to commit to him ('In the Night') and Abel begins to realize that he loves her for the fact that she reminds him of himself and how he has been ('As You Are') and also begins to realize that he can't escape the dark side of himself ('Prisoner'). Upon sadly realizing things aren't going to work out they end it and go their separate ways ('Dark Times'). In the end he is left wondering and wishing the best for a former love he missed out on ('Angel').",1,1,"Aug 28, 2015"
9,"The Weeknd is the definition of an artist. Although he is more mainstream than he ever was before his creativity and wit lyrically has not changed. Its safe to say he is going to be a fixture in music for years to come. This album was a good listen, something that will make you feel a variety of different ways, which is what you want from artists these days. Relatively dark at times and about sex and drugs there, I wouldnt have it any other way. This will be a top 5 album of 2015 no-doubt.",1,1,"Aug 28, 2015"
7,"Is a great pop album, that's the problem, its POP. His sophomore album has a great vibe and vocally are outstanding, but the lack of lyrically commitment and the poor rnb resemblance. Its a shame,",1,1,"Aug 31, 2015"
10,"I been following since the House Of Balloons days, and after Kiss Land album (wich i like), i doubt that he can be successful and maintains his unique style. But he proves that he can make a good pop commercial album with quality and don't change his essential style.
Songs like Real Life, Often, The Hills, Acquainted and Shamless prove that. He has good radio songs friendly like Earned It and Can't Feel My Face.
He makes three artists collaborations with which we are not used, and lose his vibe. The Ed Sheeran colaboration is amazing, same for the Lana Del Rey. And he proves in the past that can make good collaboration with R&B and rap artist, but now he moves on another level and he doing so great.
It's difficult to say if this is the album of the year or not, but he has more 10 on individual tracks than any other album of this year. Maybe Kendrick Lamar album is more complete with the whole package, but on individual tracks this is the album!! There aren't bad songs on it.",7,9,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"Seen him live, Loved him ever since 2011, such an amazing person, artist, and album! I can't stop listening to it, Worth the buy on itunes, definitely suggest it :)",2,3,"Sep  2, 2015"
7,"BBTM has nothing quite like the rawness of the original trilogy, but for a third LP it's a great attempt. Better than Kiss Land - by far - and has far smoother more consistent production. It seamlessly moves from semi- acoustic ballads to electronic tracks, and manages to retain the experimentalism and compelling production of his previous work. 'Tell Your Friends' and 'Dark Times' are the two standouts, and throughout the record it manages to maintain the crooning soulfulness that Abel has become known for. Not incredible, not the Trilogy - but a solid third record.",2,4,"Aug 28, 2015"
5,"What captivated those lucky few people who got to know The Weeknd in 2011. We shared that contact high, in our respective zones. In dimly lit bedrooms, alone or full of desire. We were the collective underground with a naughty secret. The Weeknd belonged to each of us, in privacy. It was something special. What exactly? Then - it didnt matter, and we were hypnotized by the malaise of dark r&b by this mysterious Ethiopian singer from Toronto. He is young, trapped in the drugged out haze of after parties and come downs. The debauchery. A romantic villain, a veiled casanova, a virtual unknown. Had we never heard these songs and sounds before? Sure enough, but not in this combination of voice, dynamic storytelling and a curious production aesthetic. We wanted to listen to Abels every word. We wanted to hang on his every word look thru his lens of sex, drugs and r&b. Some of us know this lifestyle, some of us dont. I do not. Nevertheless I was captivated by the portraits and vignettes The Weeknd would paint. Rich in tone and texture. House of Balloons. Thursday. Echoes Of Silence. Mixtapes. The Trilogy. I was hooked on this ride and this prolific journey of an emerging and multitalented artist.
Moving on to today. Gone past Kiss Land.  All the guts, all the magnetism has drained from this artist. His choice. The Weekend wants to be the biggest pop star in the world. He said it in an interview. Oh how I wish we were back to the days when he was an unknown. The mystery was better. The persn The Weeknd is still young and in my opinion focused on fame more than artistry. It stinks here of sellout. Abel has so much as indicated that he wanted to move in this direction - & he isnt fooling me and many others out there. Like yourselves, readers. Beauty Behind the Madness is the frustrating result of his lonely superstar ambitions. BBtM will probably be the biggest seller of the year & launch him to higher international status by the morning. We who loved him as an artist, initiator of trending styles, who took us to those dark & raw places of our soul and landscape. Thank you Abel for those mixtapes, which cannot be taken away from us. Even with an album absent of a soul, Beauty Behind the Madness is random surge of radio flirty songs trying to be hits or whatever. Welcome to the fall. Is it Thursday yet? Happy Thursday!",1,3,"Sep  3, 2015"
0,"Hate his pop music, it's kinda sad how he used to be good and then bam! He turned mainstream. This album was plain bad. Sorry Weeknd, but I guess the new fans can replace your old ones. :/",3,11,"Sep 19, 2015"
5,"I was somewhat disappointed with this album, honestly. YES, there are plenty of good songs. But I'm legitimately confused. The Weeknd is trying to satisfy both his old fans and his new ones, which is understandable, but the album as a whole suffers because of it.
Songs like 'Tell Your Friends', 'Often', 'The Hills', 'Acquainted', 'Shameless', and maybe 'Earned It' all seem aimed at his old fans. But when put on the same album with 'In The Night', 'Dark Times', 'Prisoner',  and 'Losers', the album starts to sound convoluted and the songs sound contrived (and I hate to say it, but when The Weeknd tries to sound like Michael Jackson, it comes off as irritating to listen to).
And don't get me started on the guest appearances. ALL of them are extremely lackluster. Even Lana Del Rey failed to impress me (which was a bit of a shocker) on 'Prisoner'. These appearances didn't add a single thing to the album. Where's Drake (being that he and The Weeknd have been so close, why would Weeknd not use him to get more album sales)? Where's that Kanye West vocal appearance we all wanted?
I won't give this less than 5/10 because the less-poppy songs are some of the greatest Weeknd songs to date ('The Hills', 'Often', 'Tell Your Friends'), but what could have been a great crossover album is not what we got.",1,4,"Aug 29, 2015"
7,"This album is strikingly different from his two previous efforts. The newly explored pop sound could've worked against the Canadian crooner but it works in his favor, showing his immense versatility",0,1,"Sep  4, 2015"
7,"The Weeknd... king of Pain... This album is definitely waayyy better than his last (Kissland) but nowhere near the quality of his first and third mixtapes (House of balloons, Echoes of Silence). It lacks that melodious darkness that his mixtapes have and doesn't cut through my soul as much. It's a fine brooding album, with a unique sound but just lacks that oomph factor that makes you want to hold someone and cry with them whilst sharing a line of coke. I hope his next album approaches House of Balloons marvelousness.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2015"
10,"One of the best albums that I've heard in the last 3 years. The lyrics can sometimes be confusing, but the confusion is what brings this album magic. From Real Life to Angel, they are all pure gold songs.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
7,"Abel Tesfaye has returned from the failure of 2013s Kiss Land and accompanied by production by Max Martin, Illangelo, Kanye West and himself, he has polished his PBR&B enough that it can be played at both dancefloors and sleazy house parties across the nation. Beauty Behind the Madness doesnt deviate too far from the sounds hes exploredmuch more superbly, in my opinionon his mixtapes rather than trademark it. I could write paragraphs about how problematic Tesfayes misogynist lyrics are and how his objectification of b****eseven in the more ballad-esque tracksare a legitimate concern if they are to be taken serious beyond an aesthetic alone. But hes not the first to commit this crime and he wont be the first to sell millions despite branding this behavior.
Beauty Behind the Madness has many pop moments that are nothing short of stellar: number-one single Cant Feel My Face and Shameless get enough credit to be compared to some of Justin Timberlakes sharper hits and his Michael Jackson impersonation on the former and Max Martin-assisted Into the Night work well for him, surprisingly. The PBR&B in between, however, range from catchy to just filler. Even when hes raining catchy choruses like To say were in love is dangerous/But girl, Im so glad were acquainted on their better moments, they dont differ from each other enough to earn individual praise from my perspective.
To summarize Tesfayes The Weeknd project so far, it feels like hes becoming much more comfortable in being labeled pops new male face in a market mostly crowded by womenI mean, b****esand Beauty Behind the Madness has enough glossy hits to make up the top half of your Party 15 playlist. But until his lyrical content expands beyond blatant misogyny and **** ones own beautiful disaster-esque lifestyleWhen Im f***ed up, thats the real me is quite disturbing if you over-analyze it, Im just going to call most of his efforts outside of 2011s brilliant House of Balloons just very good collections of crossover sleaze&B.
Overall rating: 7.6/10",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
7,"As a Weeknd fan since 2012, I can say that this is a good album, it has some amazing tracks that stand out (Often, Tell Your Friends, Losers...). But some of these songs seem to be directed at a new demographic, all of them with a similar lyrical content, and poppy but still enjoyable instrumentals. His PBR&B days are gone, artists grow and I get it. I still think Abel is an amazing and talented artist and I look forward to see what's in store for the next years to come.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
10,"Beauty Behind The Madness is a an amazing album, that redefines pop music  and breaks through so many barriers that have been placed over the years. The Weeknd is one of the most talented artists with one of the most promising careers out there. He might be the reincarnation of the King of Pop. This album flows so well with out the exception of one song I didn't like (Dark Times) it was perfect.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
7,"Rating:75/100
Favourite Tracks:Can't Feel My Face,In The Night,Often
Least Favourite Tracks:Earned It (I was so sad when the Tracklist was revealed and earned it was there),Prisoner,Angel
I loved it up until 'Earned It' and then he kind of recovered it on the two tracks after but then oh wait he lost me again with 3 uninteresting tracks for he last 10 minutes. I was really looking forward to this album after hearing 'Can't Feel My Face' and 'The Hills' (Yh I'm not a true Weeknd fan I know) as I thought Abel was going to put out a darker, more pop influenced album and Yh he kind of did for some parts of the album but there are other parts that aren't really catchy enough to be pop. They kind of go back to 'Kiss Land' Weeknd; just weak r&b songs with mediocre songwriting. I'm not saying there's any great songwriting but the tracks I like have other redeeming factors like some really atmospheric production or a really melodic chorus that I can't get out of my head. I did like most of the album though because of the reasons mentioned. I thought it was a clever move to get Lana Del Ray on a track as she's kind of like the girl he's always **** going on about and it seems like the perfect collaboration but still those two on a track does make me want to kill myself. I think this album would go hard in the car. Well, some of it. You can't really pin it to a certain emotion or place because of how diverse and experimental the album is but that ultimately leads to a very uncohesive project. That might be the reasoning for the title 'Beauty Behind the Madness' and you know that's cool but I'm not finding the beauty. Just Madness would have been more fitting. I guess die hard Weeknd fans will dig all of it but I can't really see a casual Weeknd listener hearing this and loving the **** out of it.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2015"
10,"OMG, The Weeknd + Ed and Lana (boom) IS AMAZING all beats of Beauty Behind The Madness are very goods, i think that ''Prisioner'' is the best song with '' The Hills''.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2015"
9,"Abel started off his career with a trilogy of mixtapes, and now has a hit album that WILL go to #1. BBTM displays his journey and it resembles his past work, especially House of Balloons, Kiss Land and even channeling Michael Jackson. He moved to a new pop sound for this album, and this shows growth because every great artist needs to change up their sound here and there. Del Ray and Sheeran make the album even more interesting. It doesn't sound like he's selling-out either, which makes The Weeknd the humble, sex-addicted, crooning singer that everyone came to love.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2015"
10,"This is the best male album of 2015 so far. My favorite songs are : 'In the Night', 'Angel' , 'As You Are',' Prisoner feat Lana Del Rey .' And the singles 'The Hills' and ' Can not Feel My Face'. The Weeknd is probably the highlight Artist 2015. I hope it is indicated to Garmmys , and receive a award.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2015"
8,"Its good not great and it will grow on you over time. The tracks are either good or great. Many songs were already radio RIP so the album really had about 9 songs. Great kind of album better than kissland but not Trilogy u feel me. Still one of the best of the year so far not at all dissapointing like TYLER AND ASAPS AND KANYE'S MAYBE NOT EVEN REAL album(s).",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
8,"It took me a while to fully enjoy this album.  I'll admit that at first I was disappointed because I felt like a lot of the songs weren't on the same sonic level as 'The Hills' or 'Often' and it felt like the majority of the songs were dry, but after some focused listening, I came to the realization that The Weeknd can honestly do no wrong.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"After a two year wait for this album The Weeknd did not disappoint! I truly believe he meshed his old sound and new sound nearly perfectly, and has created a beautiful album.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
9,"Is no the better album for me , but ****  this is FIRE. I'm a great admirer of WEEKND style , this album is not so different from others just a bit but this difference is positive, is a masterpiece.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2015"
6,"Decent album, but not great. If you were a fan of The Weeknd before the hype (like myself) you'll sit, listen and feel as if this is average by his standards. This pales in comparison to House of Balloons, but with that said.. this album is still worth listening to. Songs like 'The Hills' 'Dark Times' 'Often' and 'Prisoner' feel like The Weeknd type tracks, meanwhile 'Can't Feel my Face' and 'In the Night' feel like his producer wanted him to sound exactly like Michael Jackson, both in beat and singing. 'Earned it' is basically a throw in because it was made for the Fifty Shades of Grey movie and 'Angel' literally sounds like a cheesy 80's rock/pop song.. His voice and the hook just doesn't sound right with that cheesy guitar synth. The songs feel in the wrong order by sound, and this album feels as if half is him and half is what his producers want him to sound like to become more appealing. His lyrics are typical straight forward with barely any sugar coating or metaphors, which is both good and bad. The album is definitely worth listening to, but compare it to his previous works and you'll find yourself with the same opinion as mine.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2015"
9,"This album is great, I love the sounds.. I love Prisoner with Lana,  Angel, The Hills and Tell your Friends...
Also, I didn't know that Abel was that explicit :o",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
7,"As a huge fan of this type of music, I was looking forward to this album immensely, and despite it being a good album and coming together nicely, there is something missing from it, and I'm not quite sure what it is, but once the album comes to a close it does leave you wanting something else. Highlights include 'Prisoner' and 'Acquainted' however the majority of songs do sound very similar to one another, so there does appear to be a lack of something exciting after 4 or 5 tracks.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
7,"This album is pretty good, since its production is top-notch, and its vocals from Abel are pitch perfect and emotional. However, the lyricism are quite bland and repetitive, and they are always about drugs and sex and cars and ****
Buy it if you don't mind the excessively and quite meaninglessly vulgar lyrics.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"This album is so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood, Acquainted is my fav",0,0,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"As I listen to The Beauty Behind The Madness I think Damn, this is sick. The versatileness of The Weeknd in this album is outstanding. This album has something to offer every type of listener out there. If you listen to this album you could tell the hard work and the focus he demonstrated while making this album with his producers. His vocal range, pitch, awareness of beats, and innate melodic sense could not be described in any other way except otherworldly. The way he attacks his music coupled with the emotion and passion he puts into every word is something that just about guarantees somebody chart-topping success.
This album is very good. It has very strong beats and executions, but i would have to say that to have another singer on the track singing his music would not appeal to me as much due to his unique voice.  I feel like some songs are tailored to specific artists, and this whole album is indeed tailored to him and him only. Some songs that are popular are The Hills and Cant Feel My Face. I would say theyre good songs that are very recognized from the album  but very much overplayed in a since where people wouldnt listen to the rest of his album based on the annoyingness of these two songs. But I would say Cant Feel My Face is one of the weaker songs from this record mostly because the beat is not as distinct as others on his album, and doesn't have great execution. Some good songs on the album The Beauty Behind The Madness are Often and Dark Times. I feel like these are on of the better songs because its not an ordinary listen its more of a challenging and more distinct tune.  Thats what i feel separates him from other artists, his since of different music, and different melodies.  I couldnt see another singer pull off these songs as emotionally, and as vocally as he did. When attentively listening to this track, the ballads do arrive after an upbeat song which was was a hard transition at first, but after you listen to it a couple of times, you form appreciation for his songs and it doesnt hit you hard after 3 or 4 listens. This album is out of the ordinary for many listeners but it will morbidly attract them.
I do agree with the critics that the Weeknd is not the most recognizable artist out there and also the most well known, but either was Jay Z, Tupac, and Dr. Dre when they first arrived on the scene. But you cant deny their talent. You cant give the whole market of music to a set amount of artists, you have to be open to every new upcoming artist and also many new genres.
I would describe the Weeknd as a Calvin Harris, Kayne, and Drake mix. He has techno beats backing us his music, with beautiful vocals. I do believe  he is a pioneer for his type of music like Kayne is for his music. I see a bright future for this young artist.
I believe if people heard his whole album, he would be greatly appreciated and praised for his hard work and execution in this album. I like the album and encourage many people to listen and grow to love of him and his art. Will you look past his language and appreciate the handwork and determination in his songs?",0,0,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"This Artists is something else, he has a very interesting story (and a very interesting hairstyle). Certain songs like 'I Can't Feel my Face' and 'The Hills', make this album great. I give this a 9/10",0,0,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"Beauty Behind the Madness proves that the Weeknd can thrive in the mainstream, and while the lyrics aren't overtly profound, he's proven that he is more versatile than previously thought, which is perhaps of greater importance at this stage in his career.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2015"
8,"That album is the one that made me discover the Weeknd. I heard his name before but never actually listened to it. It's commercial. It's for everyone. But it's also very good. Beauty Behind the madness might be one of the best albums I've heard this year and I'll tell you why. It's the perfect balance between fidelity and mainstream. After I listened to the whole album I had to hear what he did before. And of course it was different, of course it was more distinctive, but the soul, the very essence of Abel's music is still here. We see that he still love what he does, that it is what the artist seeks when he performs or compose. Beauty behind the madness is an album that enable his music.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
7,"7.0 seven
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
8,"I like this concept. Good voice, lyrics is nice. 'Can't Feel My Face' is the best song, and my favorite song from Beauty Behind The Madness. He deserve a 8/10",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
10,"This album is the best alternative R&B album of the year! The Weeknd is the king of indie and alternative R&B! This is one of the albums I played the most in 2016! From catchy song to Can't Feel My Face to eerily song The Hills(my favorite!). This marks a huge step in The Weeknd's career!",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"EP MARAVILHOSO, simplesmente amei, todas as musicas sao otimas, Seventeen uma das minhas faves, Alessia Cara merece muito sucesso,super talentosa, me lembra um pouco a Amy Winehouse",1,1,"Nov  6, 2015"
10,"is so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
so powerful and wonderfulllllllllllllllllllllllllll
congrats
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa",0,0,"Oct 28, 2015"
8,"One of the most interesting albums/EPs by a teenager, Four Pink Walls shows Cara's potential as an alternative artist. Highlights include 'Seventeen' and 'Here,' her debut hit.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2015"
9,"I am constantly amazed by new voices coming in with their original music, and this is no different with the debut EP by Alessia Cara. This is a very upbeat album with each song somewhat of a different sound than another. Some of the shining songs are her lead single 'Here' and another nice sound in 'I'm Yours'. 'Outlaws' starts off with an interesting sound effect, but leads in to a fun, catchy tune with matching lyrics. She seems to do this often in her songs by starting songs with a sound that will make you almost cringe, but the song ends up shocking you by being awesome sounding. With sounds almost similar to Katy Tiz, this EP is one to definitely buy with 5 amazing songs from the debut album 'Know-It-All'.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
10,"This is easily Sparks best work to date. In the 6 year hiatus she seems to have found her place in music and womanhood. With a few corrections and fine tuning she could be a real force. Great body of work!",2,2,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"Jordin has found her sound! This album is easily her best work to date. 11:11, Tell Him That I Love Him, Silhouette and Unhappy are among the best R&B songs of the year.",1,1,"Aug 21, 2015"
0,"Get Selena Gomez album instead of this....that one is way better and proper pop music but if u dont mind the different island pop genre then u can get this...but Selena Gomez is just better",0,1,"Oct 11, 2015"
6,"I have to say this album is not the best album but also not the worst album. It is very listenable and the beat it good. Vocals are good and production also is good.
My score:
1.Work from home 9/10
2. 1000 7/10
3. Right here right now 9/10
4. Double tap 6/10
5. Boyz in the hood 7/10
6. Silhouette 7/10
7. They don't give 5/10
8. Left.. Right 7/10
9. Casual love 6/10
10. Unhappy 7/10
11. Tell him that i love him 8/10
12. 11:11 7/10
13. 100 years 6/10
14. It ain't you 6/10
overall:69.2",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
9,"mixture of pop indie plus a bit of electronic pop....
not really bad, i think you should give it a try
kinda like lights mixed with andrew belle
so im giving the album a 7............................",0,0,"Aug 15, 2015"
7,"A definite departure from Country Sleep but with peaks even higher. It's a shame that the album is so long as there is some filler here that waters down all the fantastic songwriting and production. Had it been pared down to 10 or 11 tracks, this would be a top 5 or 10 album of the 2015 for me.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2015"
3,"While not a huge fan by any means, I like Stones earlier work. This offering however is horribly bland and I can't be bothered to expand this review to fill the 150 character minimum required by Metacritic.",3,4,"Aug  1, 2015"
10,"Experimental, cheio de personalidade, versatilidade e muito talento que nao cabe nessa mulher, esborra. Ainda bem que ela  livre pra fazer o que achar melhor sem se preocupar em agradar a degradante da melindrosa. Rainha do soul, da voz e do UK !",1,2,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"no matter where you are or where you born IF YOU LIKE LAURYN HILL OR BOBO MARLEY you are going to love this album :) take a breathe and enjoy this it''s just the beegining",4,9,"Jul 31, 2015"
10,"An incredible album! Joss is one of the most complete artists these days... People complained on the style of the album and, guys, just stop! She's traveling the world and knowing new sounds and she did this CD as an experiment of all this. She's just amazing! The vocals are beautiful, as always and the album is a delight. Good music is rare these days... so, enjoy it! Water for our souls!",3,9,"Jul 31, 2015"
10,"One of the best albums of the year (and since 'Colour me Free').. I don't understand why those critics write some **** about the album, it's **** amazing, so good to be truth... sometimes I think the industry (and EMI) try to disqualify her work, since she decides to get out of the industry, still doing good music. So go to hell those **** critics, Joss don't need miserable words to qualify her work..",2,7,"Jul 31, 2015"
10,"This album gives you the feeling of freedom. Water for Your Soul gives you a positive vibe in this odd time we live in. Just sit back put on the music and enjoy.",1,4,"Aug  7, 2015"
10,"Joss Stone has grown into a vocal power house, she is exploring different sounds and its a beautiful tapestry of soul and reggae. With a very positive and uplifting vibe the album soars. I look forward to more from Miss Stone. I am sure these songs would be amazing live.",1,4,"Aug 11, 2015"
8,"Heliocentrics.
'From The Deep'         !!!
Helio       Malcolm Catto.  groove            jazz/funk/hip-hop.
'From The Deep'     jazz        electronica  hip-hop  funk       .
jazz.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"Amazing Album!
Macy Gray is just the cherry on the top. Galactic makes excellent modern funk that moves my soul.
My favourite tracks: 3. 'Into the Deep', 6. 'Right On' and 9. 'Does It Really Make a Difference'.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
6,"There are a couple of excellent tracks towards the end (I put a spell on you, Wild is the wind & African Mailman), but besides that I found the album to be pretty underwhelming.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2016"
10,"Short Review: Wildheart is amazing and once again proves that Miguel knows how to create great music. Miguels confidence shines through and Wildheart pushes Miguel's further into his own lane as a R&B maverick. My Personal Favorites: The Valley, Waves, goingtohell, Coffee,  and Destinado A Morir. Rating:10/10
Long Review: I should start this review by saying that I believe Kaleidoscope Dream is one of the best R&B albums of the last decade. It is also important to note that Kaleidoscope Dream is one of my favorite albums of all time. This should paint how unrealistic my expectations were going into Wildheart. I was 100% expecting Miguel to float down from heaven and sing long lost chapters of the Holy Bible. In other words, I thought Miguel was about to change my life.
My expectations were tempered after his  EP and a few singles. Miguel was still giving me the music equivalent of silk sheets with Coffee and Simple Things, but both songs felt like lateral steps from Kaleidoscope Dream.
After Wildheart dropped I knew he had done it again. *Warning Rant Coming*: R&B wasnt always about vapid DJ Mustard style bangers (sorry Chris Brown) or one dimensional baby making music (sorry R. Kelly). On the other hand truly visionary albums like Kendricks TPAB, Lupes Tetsuo & Youth, and DAngelos Black Messiah are marred by their abrasiveness. It seems to me like a lot of the recently critically praised albums are somewhat hard to listen to. Marvin Gayes Whats Going On proves that socially conscience urban music does not have to be abrasive. Miguel is not Marvin Gaye just yet, but he does his best to give me sophisticated beauty on Wildheart. *Rant Over*
The first words we hear from Miguel are: Don't ever sell yourself short, sell your acceptance.' This sets up listeners perfectly for what is to come. Miguel takes us on a tour through Cali from his and only his eyes.
Miguel takes us through atypical R&B topics like growing up mixed race (Whats Normal Anyway) and Tinseltown delusion (Hollywood Dreams), but what sets this album apart is his take on typical topics. Fame, Sex, Drugs, and Money are all handled on this album, but are all done in Miguels unique style. Listen to The Valley for an example. On the surface this is just a slow jam about sex. While this is indeed a slow jam, and is for sure about sex, there is more at play. The lyrics are dirty. The sex is not romantic. Its formulaic. Its uncomfortable. Its raw. It's San Fernando in all of its porn industry glory. This takes a raunchy song and gives it just a little something more.
Maybe I am overthinking this album. Maybe I am not putting enough thought into it. My advice is to buy this and form your own opinion. I support Miguel because this is talent that doesnt get support in the music industry every day. I even bought a physical CD, so you know the admiration is real. Rating:10/10",3,5,"Jun 29, 2015"
5,"The sexy songs aren't sexy. The poppy songs aren't poppy. The vocals aren't interesting and the instrumentals are hollow. Not a very convincing statement for the man who said he was making better music than Frank Ocean...",0,2,"Jul 10, 2015"
9,"This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good. This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good. This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good. This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good. This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good. This album is a perfected R&B in a psychdelic way. its beautiful good.",0,1,"Jul  6, 2015"
9,"Miguel is pushing the genre of R&B  to a new place.His 2012 record Kaleidoscope Dream was a very good record but I feel as though this record represents real progression for Miguel.",0,1,"Jun 30, 2015"
10,"Wildheart continues Miguel's quest to conquer r&b. His flow and structure of the songs is built to perfection. Every song on this album is built to send a strong message. Over the top production alongside precision execution, Miguel deserves praise with the effort and talent he brings to the table. Miguel is progressing r&b to a new level. I love it.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"Highly recommended, a must-listen for 2015. Not your typical r&b/soul album: Wildheart is boundless. Its a master mix of post-genre, synth, alternative, ethereal-dreamlike soul..the best way I can describe it. Here, Miguel explores all the good stuff: lush synth-dream tones and a distinct, un-apologetic showcase of altenerative/indie rock influence at the backbone of a few tracks (guitar riffs in 'leaves', Lenny Kravitz solo runs in 'face the sun').. dressed-down with 'trademark' Miguel-esque warmth + lyricism (boldly seen in: the valley, coffee..) to give you one of the most style-eclectic, and sonically satisfying albums of right now and easily the best yet from Miguel's discography thus far. No hasty generalizations can be made to define Wildheart, and that's what I think makes it the most compelling. Cover-to-cover, it can resonate with anyone who listens. It's an easy spin and easy favorite.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2015"
8,"I must say this is the first time I actually listened to his music, on my way into work today the radio was playing 'Coffee' and I was hooked! I am now busy listening to the other tracks on his album! Must say I do not regret buying this album today!!!! Love it!",0,0,"Aug 15, 2015"
7,"Melodic, sexy and fresh.
It doesn't write music history, but complements its genre in perfect way. It's the perfect album for the end of a good date.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
6,"The production and mixing really ruined the record for me. He has a great voice but his lyrics are pretty basic most of the times. I appreciate the effort but his previous album was way better than this.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2015"
9,"First album I've heard from Miguel and...I can say that I am now a Miguel Fan. His voice is very captivating and soothing, I enjoyed the instrumentation on the album. Overall a great album; as nothing was overdone and the simplicity just stood out to me.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"If Album of the Year was my call to make, the 2015 winner would have been Miguel's Wildheart. It's unapologetically explicit without being vulgar. It is not afraid to push the boundaries on sex, love, and affection in any way, shape, or form. The album redefines the R&B genre from something that was once viewed as sex-obsessed to something that is simply sex-positive. Miguel offers a sound that hasn't been heard in recent years and shows extensive growth over his previous effort.
Must-Hears: Coffee, Hollywood Dreams, Waves, The Valley",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
10,"This album is perfectly balanced and crafted beautifully. Miguel shows his talents as a suggestive, soft and spectacular talent. He has an amazing flow matching with the meaning of his lyrics and his vocals.",0,0,"May 31, 2016"
9,"I have never heard of this group, happened to click onto this album because it was a new release on streaming, and i must say was very pleasantly surprised.  Very nice R&B album, some neo-soul in it even.  I would definitely recommend this album to anyone looking for a really good new R&B album.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"Syd's vocals mixed with the fantastic instrumentals make a  very fun and indulging album. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,",0,0,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"I first heard Leon on NPR about 6 months ago. Instantly became a fan. Yes, the comparisons to Sam Cooke are accurate, and to be fair, he's embracing it. There's nothing not to like here....this album is short and sweet, and packed with melody and soul. I'm also a sucker for doo-wop background singers;)  It's the perfect summer record.
Leon Bridges has loads of talent, and I wish him nothing but the best in his career.
Buy this album. You won't regret it.",2,2,"Jun 23, 2015"
9,"Bought this record on vinyl in a whim when I heard the single Coming Home. I just loved the soul I heard and he reminds me of artists like Sam Cooke. I'm very glad I bought the record, he is a truly talented artist and quite refreshing although this style is of course well known.",1,1,"Jul  4, 2015"
8,"While music critics love to drool over f-bomb, porn-shock-ghetto artists Kanye, Kendrick Lamar, Run the Jewels and Jay-Z - all artists trying to one-up each other.  It is so refreshing to hear something cool, clean and retro-new from a young black artist.  Yes, it does sound like 60s soul, but that is a good thing.  I can slide these songs into my daily playlist and have my kids in the same room or even play in the background while working.  Well done Leon Bridges for putting out an album that is ironically new in the modern era of not-so-great, downer r&b music.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2015"
8,"While some of it comes off more imitation than genuine artistry (do 25-year-olds really sing like this?), Bridges is a new talent to watch. He'll get some Grammy nominations, no doubt. 'Coming Home' is an enjoyable, breezy throwback album.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2015"
6,"This isn't a bad album but there are some major flaws. Leon Bridges was clearly going for a old school soul album which he hit straight on the head. the flaw being that he didn't give it any personality. Its a cookie cutter album of what soul is if that makes any sense. The tracks are forgettable and a little boring at times",0,0,"Aug 14, 2015"
6,"This isn't a bad album but there are some major flaws. Leon Bridges was clearly going for a old school soul album which he hit straight on the head. The flaw being that he didn't give it any personality. Its a cookie cutter album of what soul is if that makes any sense. The tracks are forgettable and a little boring at times.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2015"
3,"I found this record so boring that I had to dig out the album cover to remember this man's name for this review.  Leon Bridges is sort of like Sam Cooke....only without the magical personality and without the excellent backing sounds of the Wrecking Crew.  With contemporary vocalists like Saun & Starr, Mayer Hawthorne, Michael Kiwanuka, Charles Bradley, Aloe Blacc, Sonny Knight, Lee Fields, Naomi Shelton, and Venice Dawn on the scene, a soul singer needs tons of personality to stand out in the crowd.  Taking a few instrumental cues from the Daptones, Adrian Younge, The Electric Peanut Butter, Co., The Sorcerers, Lord Newborn, Anitbalas, or the Heliocentrics might be useful to this young performer.  The history of Jump Blues, R&B, Soul, Funk, and World music is there for the taking.  Bridges only need reach out in any direction for a piece of this history to serve his purpose.  A year of being homeless might also harden him for this role as well.  Music junkies and serious crate diggers find this sort of half-assed, Uncle Tom fluff offensive.  While any artist that is able to secure a record contract with a major label deserves a certain amount of respect from all of us, an artist as clueless about the depth of his cultural heritage as Bridges is should be treated with an amount of bewilderment and contempt.  Anyone reading this review that enjoyed Bridges' snippets on TV ads should download this album rather than throw away good money on a copy of 'Coming Home' on vinyl like I did.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
8,"i listened to this sober, and **** i was like mane thundercat is such a fkn boss, then i took 2 tabs of l.s.d, and 2 psilo.cybin mushroom caps during an exam while looking out the window and listening to this and man, i've never ever enjoyed failing anything more in my life, just kno dis every1, as long as you've got thundercat, you can never fail anything",3,5,"Jun 26, 2015"
2,"Lyrically foreseeable and foreseeably stupid.
Badly produced.
This is why his albums always sell a lot less of his singles.
A method to avoid this? Put in it some famous artists:
K. Michelle? She tries to make it better.
Meghan Trainor? Hell no.
Steve Wonder and Keith Urban? Useless.
Jennifer Lopez? She actually sounds a bit more fresh than usual.
Julia Michaels, who is probably the less know featured artist in 'Everything is 4', gave the most appreciable contribute.
The worst songs are 'Pull Up' and 'X2CU' (even if the end is OK). The other are slightly less despicable.
Is it catchy? Yes, it is. Has he a nice ass? Yes, he has. Is this album worth it to listen? No, unless you are a bored dumb blonde girl.
The thing that baffles me the most are the 16 producers. The production sounds remedied and disappointingly mediocre. Since when Danja produces so cheesy?",7,8,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"'Everything Is 4' has everything to be one of the albums of the year. Jason left the 'gum songs' that made 'Talk Dirty' and 'Wiggle' to take us to the 80s with songs synthpop like 'Want To Want Me' and 'Chayenne'",1,3,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"The 25-year-old already has already built an enviable string of hits, but usually through the sexual innuendo of 'Talk Dirty' and 'Wiggle' or gimmicks like the massive sample in 'Whatcha Say' and trying to sing his own name as often as possible. He was a star who was trying a little too hard.
On his fourth album 'Everything Is 4' (Warner Bros.), though, Derulo has hit his stride, easing back on all the sexy talk while still piling on the pop hooks.
Most popular
Caitlyn Jenner's E! reality series titled 'I Am Cait'
Caitlyn Jenner: Leibovitz photos are 'great'
Kelly on Duggar interview: 'Nothing is off limits'
Bravo reality show to star LI women
Meet the LIers of Bravo's 'Secrets and Wives'
Derulo has also expanded his musical palette on 'Everything Is 4,' especially brushing off his Michael Jackson-inspired falsetto on the unstoppable 'Love Me Down' and its 'Off the Wall'-inspired funk guitar. The likable 'Want to Want Me' is a breezy summertime jam that leans more pop than R&B, an earworm that embeds immediately. On 'X2CU,' Derulo cozies up to 'Delirious'-era Prince, while he cleverly coins a new kind of date, the 'I just want my ex to see you' kind.
Derulo's artistic growth has also helped him land some impressive new collaborators. On 'Broke,' where he decides that Biggie was right about 'Mo' money, mo' problems,' Derulo lands Stevie Wonder to sing background vocals and play harmonica, while Keith Urban delivers some acoustic blues guitar riffs. On 'Try Me,' he teams with Jennifer Lopez for a cool mix of an old-school pop duet and of-the-moment, Latin-tinged production, while 'Painkiller,' his duet with Meghan Trainor, is another winner.
But it's the slow-burning ballad 'Trade Hearts,' where he lets newcomer Julia Michaels shine, where Derulo truly shows off his new skills, offering restraint and a surprising depth of emotion.
'Everything Is 4' is a grand new start to the next, even bigger phase of Derulo's career, one where he can just let his music speak for itself.",1,8,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"It's so amazing and naturally !
Derulo can make your 'Talk Dirty' with a lot of style, maybe it's her record most luxurious. Never underestimate someone who can make your better, like Derulo's do.",0,2,"Jun  5, 2015"
5,"I have always liked Jason's music, I have always liked all songs on his albums, however this album is not to my liking, I only like 3 songs on this album 'Want you to want me', 'X2CU' and 'Trade Hearts', the rest all felt like album fillers just thrown in there to make up an album, really hoping his next project impresses me!",0,0,"Aug 11, 2015"
5,"Delusion, i'm always kind voting him because i always hope in a improvement, but this time he do a step back from his previous album. The best songs of the album are 'Want to Want Me' and 'Love Me Down' are f*cking identical, they're good disco songs. Another good track is 'Cheyenne', it's original for his electro-funk beats. the rest of the album is badly produced and boring. I am good with you to give 5 to this album, but the next time if you fail i'll give you 0",0,0,"Jan  7, 2016"
9,"Currency of Man is, in my opinion, amongst the best albums this year! A different sound for her but it works - songs are a bit colder but her voice remains as warm as ever!",2,2,"Jun  5, 2015"
9,"Currency of Man is an exceptional album. All of the songs in it are extremely powerful and all of the messages seems true to the bone.
Beautiful sounds rise and fall through the passing of the 10 songs: warm guitars, fat basses, on-the-spot-drums and many loads of amazingly astonishing orchestras guide us through the journey of these 10 stories. Upon all of those, Melody's voice is extremely pleasant to hear, and it just sums up quite positively with the rest of the instruments.
Very well recorded and mixed, it's a great example of the positive points technology improvement can bring to music making. Also, a great example of the bright side of the influence of mainstream-'pop' music in other genres, in the 20th century. It all sums up to a very Groovy Jazz Pop album, with rich moments of RnB, Rock and even Classical passages (due to the magnificent and preeminent use of orchestras in the songs).",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
7,"Solid effort from the big boss dogg! Great production from Pharrell gives it a unique sound that bends the hip hop genre in ways that we have never seen. Only knocks are that the sound/content stays pretty much the same all the way through and though his credentials as an MC are untouchable, he can't really sing too well. Nonetheless, there is great vibe to the music, and considering that this is the same dude that came in the game as a gangsta rapper, the fact that he barely rapped on this project at all and it is still enjoyable marks a great example of artist growth.",2,2,"Jun 15, 2015"
7,"Yes, the songs are all similar. Yes, Snoop got lazy and so did Pharell. But that doesn't mean the songs are bad. They're all extremely listenable. There are plenty of great funk influences to be found hidden amongst Pharell's layered production. Snoop flows through each track like a puff of smoke, and some of the features are particularly good. I wish they did more with Stevie Wonder, but what he did do was ground 'California Roll' in an element of soul. Personal favourite on here has to be 'This City' - the lyrics aren't out-of-this-world but the instrumental is by far the best you'll find on the entire album.",2,2,"Jun 13, 2015"
9,"Very good album produced by Pharrell with great melodies, a new style of music coming from snoop, but all songs very similar to each other, but, Its always good try new stuff",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
8,"snoop is 43 years old or something, the fact he can still make enjoyable music at this age is actually pretty awesome, probs a light 8 or 7 for this project, it's solid, lacks a little but not gonna notice when your high as **** production is great and snoop still has his vocal talents so ever present. fun listen",2,3,"May 13, 2015"
10,"Incredibly detailed, layered and generally stellar production from Pharrell, with Snoop sounding rejuvenated and truly invested in these tracks. This album is the definition of cohesion, each track effortlessly flow into the next and always grabs the listeners attention with the rhythms and melodies. The lyrical content may be repetitive from Snoop, but the writing is by no means bad. These tracks all have memorable lines and choruses that accompany the production and succeed in evoking smiles and chuckles from the listener. The features are used to enhance a record, acting almost as an instrument themselves such as the legendary Stevie Wonder on the track 1 'California Roll' a highlight of the album. This album doesn't have fillers weighing down the album's run time and it's Snoops best album since 'R & G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece' which also features stand-out moments between Pharrell and Snoop. I understand that many won't feel this rating but I'm basing this on the musicality of the production, memorable lyrics and how entertaining it was for me. I definitely recommend this to anyone reading this, just don't go into this project expecting Snoop to be spitting 16s as the album's whole concept is Snoop and Pharrell reviving 60s and 70s funk, an interesting concept even before listening to the record and even better once you press play.",2,3,"May 13, 2015"
9,"Talk about G-Funk. Nate Dogg just got dethroned. This album is a non-stop Funk ride, and I can't help but tap my feet when listening to it. Almost all the songs would go great at a party, or cruising down the street in your SIX-FO.",2,3,"May 22, 2015"
8,"This album is sonically amazing, pharrell produced his ass off on this album, if you go into this close minded you wont enjoy it at all. At 10 songs each song flows perfectly into each other creating a great listening experience",2,4,"May 15, 2015"
7,"You can put this on and listen to the whole thing without one complaint, and that's a credit to the production team. The album goes through several styles, mostly staying within the trend of something that you'd expect to find from at least 15 years ago, instead taking you to a pre-Kanye, fuzzy hat clad, pigtail-braids era, West Coast scene where Snoop was undeniably king.
One of the buzzwords to describe this album is 'retrofuture', but it is more retro- than -future. This album is nostalgia for Snoop's heyday and it rarely makes an attempt at covering up its agedness, if you don't count the inclusion of Kendrick Lamar on the last track. It sorely misses the late 90s/early 00s and would surely have fit better if it came out then.
It isn't groundbreaking, creative, or even new, but it can provide some enjoyment, and is reassuring to Snoop fans that he hasn't given up on hip hop just yet.",1,2,"May 21, 2015"
8,"BUSH is a very good album, even without Snoop Dogg rapping but Pharrell really does a great job helping with this album I love the musical guests and I just love the mellow sounds
ESSENTIALS: Peaches and Cream,  Edibles,  and California Roll",1,2,"May 12, 2015"
4,"So.....The album is over produced by Pharrell and all the songs have the same rhythm and production for me. The best tracks are: This City and California Roll",1,3,"May 13, 2015"
0,"once again, snoop dogg displaying his mid life crisis for everyone to see. sit down in an old folks home somewhere. im listening to his no limit catalogue and its much better than this garbage.",1,8,"May 14, 2015"
3,"Not even Pharell could save this round piece of sh*t. Its Snoop on Autotune. Sound good? Do it does not. I like the Snoop tried something like this-new sort of speak(atleast for him). Snoop on Autotune may have been interesting 5 years ago when T-Pain and the like were doing it. Now, it just sounds lazy.",0,3,"May 13, 2015"
8,"I've liked snoop dogg for years and watched him change and grow as an artist. I've noticed snoop raps and croons on alot of his rap albums and he's got the skills. But this album caught me by surprise. I love the super laid back snoop singing over those smooth jazz tracks... Great music to just kick back and chill to. To me this is a breath of fresh air. Also special shout out to snoops last effort 'reincarnated' snoop lion, that was really good as well in a different way.",0,0,"May 25, 2015"
9,"This album is perfect for just jamming the whole album through. As a long-time fan of Snoop and G-funk & Rap as well as Funk and R&B, I couldn't have asked for more from the Dogg. A great album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2015"
7,"This album is so groovy, so funky , certainly gets you up on your feet to dance your ass off. Snoop Dogg is a living legend and besides his stoner persona he has offered a lot to the black sound",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
8,"Hey, Snoop and Pharrell did an album! Unless youve been living under a rock, you should be familiar with Pharrells recent catalog (Happy, Blurred Lines, Get Lucky, et al), so just sprinkle some Snoop on a few of those type of tracks, and thats what we have here. Cookout music! They kept it short and sweet with just 10 songs. Theyve created the perfect backdrop for a Summer time, backyard, 30 & up, grown folks set (line dancing, linen outfits, closed-toe sandals & Hennessey included). The opening song features Stevie on the harmonica & background vocals (yesss!!!), and the rest of guest appearances work as well (see Uncle Charlie, T.I., Ross, Duckworth & Gwen Stefani). Play this while getting dressed for, on the way to, during, or on the way back from the party.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
9,"Modern, Expire-mental, and a great understanding of R&B.
Pros:
Chord progressions on point, nice sense of melody, pretty production all over it, psychedelic vibes, and top notch vocals. What more could you ask for?
Cons:
Lacks a little bit of dynamics, could use a stronger sense of harmony, not very memorable, nothing spectacular.",2,3,"May 11, 2015"
10,"I would recommend this album to any interesting in experimental R&B / neo-soul. The lead singing has an interesting style and the beats take such unusual twists and turns. This is one of my favorite albums of 2015 and was an issue choice to buy on vinyl.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2015"
10,"Hiatus Kaiyote's Choose Your Weapon is a complete album experience, served best by a full listening. The band creates a tapestry of diverse images while maintaining a strong sense of continuity: while tracks like Swamp Thing, Fingerprints, and By Fire sound like they ought not be by the same artist, let alone on the same record, they all share a similar harmonic pentatonic 'fingerprint', as it were; the same goes for Atari and Prince Minikid, which share a single-step chord change despite having significantly different musical surfaces. Nai Palm's carefully-weaved and complex vocal harmonies complement her incredible, incendiary lead performance. Perrin Moss is, somehow, always both on and off the beat, handling complex time changes and rhythmic complexities with apparent ease. Simon Mavin on keyboards and Paul Bender on bass both demonstrate nothing short of virtuosity on their respective instruments: Bender lays the bass on thick on tracks such as Swamp Thing and provides intricate counterpoint on Molasses, while Mavin creates a varied ethereal soundscape with his synthesizer that defines and permeates the album. Choose Your Weapon is an album for the ages, and fortunately for all of us is only the sophomore effort of this most up-and-coming band, Hiatus Kaiyote.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"What an awesome Group.   I wish I could give you a 100.   This is such a well crafted body of work.  I hear so many Genres!
The Vocals, Drums, Bass and the Keyboards....MAGICAL!   Please say you will be performing in the US!!!
You have no idea you well you will be received here!  Especially Michigan!",0,0,"Jul 18, 2015"
7,"After I listened to 'Choose Your Weapon' by Hiatus Kaiyote, I would endorse the album and recommend that you give it a listen. While it is true that this album is well put together, it lacks the certain oomph that my favorite music has... The production quality is great on this album and everything flows smoothly and psychedelically as intended.  The chord progressions are satisfyingly jazzy under the R&B style vocals that are sung so soulfully.  While all the songs are indeed unique, they don't really have any distinguishing features that set them apart from each other.  That being said, I think that this album is more effective as background music than as an attention-grabbing masterpiece.  When I could not a recall any favorite songs from 'Choose Your Weapon' it really spoke to the way that all the songs meshed together.  That's okay though, this album doesn't need to have hits, as I was able to listen to the entirety of the album without truly being bored by the music.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2015"
8,"As much as I want to give Ciara a 10, I have to acknowledge that this is not her best work. That honor belong to Ciara's Self-Titled. However this album is special in that it continues to broadcast Ciara's evolution as an artist. Be warned, listeners may be turned off at first but several of these songs are growers, meaning they seem a lot better after a few listens. Initially, I did not enjoy most of the album despite being a major Ciara's fan but after a week I came to appreciate the work put into it. Fans may be put off when they find that this album is a break-up album or completely relating to her mother. Nevertheless, Ciara turns to pop music to provide her upbeat music. Jackie (B.M.F.), One Woman Army (and Intro), and I Bet (R3HAB remix) will get the blood pumping. I Bet (and the Joe Jonas remix), Only One, I Got You, and Lullaby will leave you emotional. Dance Like We're Making Love, is a definite hit. Sadly I am disappointed in one song, This is How I'm Feeling. I always loved the team of Missy and Ciara but this song does not do their previous songs together justice, even with an aid from Pitbull.
Overall a fairly above average album with decent to great songs.",3,3,"May  8, 2015"
9,"That's a very good album. Although I always though her strongest was her R&B songs, she proves that she can deliver a pop record like nobody else. The album has a some great jams.",2,2,"May  9, 2015"
10,"An improvement over Ciara (2013), the album Jackie features more dance-pop-RNB songs and more ballads. How odd to not find or see an Parental Advisory notification on appearing on this record. Also, I notice her vocal and singing abilities appear to be in excellent condition on this record. Standout tracks on this album are 'All Good' 'I Bet', 'Dance Like Were Making Love', and 'Give Me Love'.",2,2,"May 10, 2015"
7,"Ciara brings us a nice LP filled with some fairly catchy music and some songs that I would consider adding to my usual playlist. However, the album does not make me feel the need to keep playing it. There are some songs on the album that are definitely highlights, such as 'I Bet', 'I Got You', 'Jackie (B.M.F.)', 'Lullaby', etc. However, there are other songs that don't necessarily live up to them, such as 'That's How I'm Feelin', 'All Good' and 'Give Me Love'. I understand that Ciara may be trying to produce some pop hits to get Billboard recognition and mainstream airplay but her R&B tracks are usually a lot better than her pop efforts. People have been deeming this as Ciara's best album but it does not live up to the standard of her self-titled album where every song stood out and it had mass replay appeal.",1,1,"Jul 15, 2015"
10,"This is ciara's best album. The songs are a masterpiece, the production and composition is excellent and her vocals are stronger than her previous albums. I have a feeling this is ciara best album and will perform well on the charts. this album is worth a listen and buying. Best songs on the album are: That's how i'm feelin, dance like we making love, Fly, i bet, i bet remix ft joe jonas, one woman army, give me love, i got you and only one",3,4,"May  6, 2015"
8,"Probably this is the best album of Ciara I've ever heard in her discography. The album goes beyond just be limited to 'dance' and 'animate', it has more feelings and life than the others albums. Here we see a sentimental Ciara, mother, mature woman and, above all, she loves what she does. She placed great vocal in highly developed compositions and that's enough to prove that Cici's back with her best of all.",8,11,"May  7, 2015"
10,"This is one of its most solid projects so far, and the stability of a mother as well as the strength of a warrior, are reflected in the 14 tracks on the disc. Ciara is finally a complete and self-sufficient woman. I just hope that everyone can see it in time.",2,3,"May  8, 2015"
10,"This album brought a great-sounding, referring to what has already been heard in the 2000s has strong elements such as vocals and have a chance to fill in what the industry needs.",2,3,"May  8, 2015"
10,"For me this album is great. The songs are on point, her singing skills have improved and the whole record shows how she is evolving in a more consistent artist. Some people seems to hate without any reason but she keeps getting stronger and getting more confident despite that. Just give this album a try, you are not going to regret it.",3,5,"May  6, 2015"
10,"Ciara at her best, her most delicious and adventurous album with so many highlights that shows she's more in control than ever. Solid, appealing and radio-friendly, it deserves to be a smash!",1,2,"May 16, 2015"
10,"This album is so... INCREDIBLE... a mixture of pop and R&B and was where Ciara relmente showed all his strength ... INCREDIBLE!
And there's much more to show!",0,0,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"The Jackie album was a real surprise for me I really thought that the album was going to be an angst filled collection of songs but instead Jackie delivers a really strong message of survival, letting go and moving on. I loved Only One, Kiss and Tell, Lullaby, DLWML, Fly and I Bet and I have a special place in my heart for the song Ciara dedicated to her baby boy. The lyrics are expressive and uplifting and the music videos are cutting edge and will definitely inspire imitation.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2016"
8,"Probably the best R&B project of the year so far. This girl can really sing, and she has a very uplifting and positive message in her music. From top to bottom very strong production, and varies her subject matter to things beyond heartbreak and relationships, which is unique for a Gen-Y R&B artist. You can really feel her pain and her emotion through the both the content and her vocal delivery. She's only 20 years old too, so best believe we're going to be seeing a whole lot of her for the foreseeable future.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"Oferecendo um lbum que cairia como uma luva para tinashe ou jhene aiko a cantora kehlani trouxe um cd onde o foco dela foi o R&B Contemporanio e em suas letras emooes.
os destaques vo para a faixa titulo que nos fala sobre perder quem ama apesar dela estar com voc e unconditional onde ela fala que s quer amar.",2,3,"May 23, 2015"
10,"best album of this year so far!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2015"
10,"Fans of Neo-Soul artists (i.e. Erykah Badu, Lauryn Hill) will be doing themselves a favor by giving Kehlani a try. Given her age, you can expect that her brand of songwriting is a product of contemporary rap, but her music is better for it. The grit of her lyrics has only served to deepen the emotional depth of her voice, which is as powerful an instrument as one could desire from an R&B artist. Her vocal manipulation is easy on part with the most prominent artists of the 2010's (i.e. Beyonce, Rihanna). Please do not pass on this treat. 'You Should Be Here' is truly a statement of where her genre should aspire to be: where she is.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2015"
8,"The production is basic Timbaland stuff and piano ballads. But the thing is that if you have watched the show, it is simply IMPOSSIBLE not to get addicted to the soundtrack. The sound takes you back in the 90's, where r'n'b and hip-hop were dominating the charts around the world with artists like Whitney, Missy, Janet, Boyz II Men, En Vogue, Brandy, Dre and Lauryn. And if you have ever loved those people, it's inevitable you will love these tracks, too.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/03/empire-cast-empire-original-soundtrack.html",1,1,"Mar 21, 2015"
7,"Boas msicas para uma srie excelente. Todo mundo deveria assistir essa srie, que  mais que um drama familiar mas sim uma histria que toca voc. E ainda tem msica.
Faixas como 'Conqueror' e 'You're So Beautiful' deveriam ser ouvidas por todos e apreciadas.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2015"
1,"Disappointing album from Mayer Hawethorne and Jake One. Lazy production on this record. Seems rushed and like it was nothing put in to it. Not interesting in the slightest.",0,2,"Mar 25, 2015"
8,"If you love Mayer Hawthrone and you love disco this album was meant for you, personally I like it more when they are keeping it funky,cool, and jamming. Their slow songs are nice as well, but nowhere near the level of the jams. This is his best work since 'Where does this door go' and Jake One is a master on the ones and twos. I have been enjoying this album the last couple of days. This is a very Trendy album and if you like disco or Mayer Hawthrone this one is for you. I would love to see the live show.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2015"
10,"Stunning release from Mayer Hawthorne and Jake One. The album moves from one groove to another with nods to artists like Snoop and Nate Dogg, as well as other funk figures of the likes of Zapp and Roger, and old Stones Throw partner Dam Funk. Its a more electronic side from these two seeing as Hawthorne is used to a more soulful/doo wop sound and Jake One coming from a hip hop background. The album as a whole captures the sound they were going for, there are signs of uplifting happiness, love, dancing, and just general classiness.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2015"
9,"This album is awesome! Mayer Hawthorne just gets better and better with each album. The album is pretty much as funky as it gets. If you like 70s funk, Prince, Chromeo, or Jamiroquai, you will love this.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2015"
8,"This is a stone cold old-school funk album... the only thing modern on this is the production, which makes these songs sound slick. It's got some pretty tasty bits for sure, and definitely worth a listen.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2015"
2,"Actually a great chemistry between the two artists, but it just about stops there. Unapologetically shallow, which is fine of course if the tracks are good, but for the most part, they aren't. Ayo's fun. But I wouldn't bother with this one.",3,3,"Mar 13, 2015"
5,"When this album was available for pre-order on iTunes, I was anticipating it. I liked 'Ayo', but then I pre-ordered the album and heard 'B****es n M*******a' and worried about the rest of the album's production because the song sounded exactly like 'Ayo'. I knew it wasn't going to be lyrical, based on what I already know about Chris Brown and Tyga, but when I pre-ordered the album I had no idea the production was going to be as repetitive as it was. Almost every song on this album was produced by DJ Mustard, Nic Nac, or other producers that copy their style. Normally I like DJ Mustard's production but when you have an album that makes use of his sound for almost every song, you might as well want to turn the CD off after the fourth or fifth track. And that's exactly what this album is. And the lyrics don't help matters at all. This album currently has the worst album Metascore of 2015 and I hope it doesn't end up that way by the end of the year because there are some good things about this record, like 'D.G.I.F.U.' and 'It's Yo S***'. Grade: C. Highlights: 'D.G.I.F.U.', 'It's Yo S***', 'Banjo'. Worst songs: All of the songs that take DJ Mustard's sound and spread it across the entire album.",1,1,"Apr  8, 2015"
0,"This lackluster album is not at all impressive. The songs lack diversity, quality lyrics, and exciting beats, leaving the listener wondering when it'll all be over with. Not only is this album a low quality compilation of songs that do not have any meaningful substance to them, but they aren't even enjoyable to listen to at all. Try again guys.",5,6,"Feb 25, 2015"
6,"If Chris Brown and Tyga would talk less about al that bullsh*t thay could do a really good album, this album is sadly repetitive, they could've did it better",2,3,"Jun  6, 2016"
7,"An album filled with party bangers with the only exception being the song 'Better', which also happens to be my favorite alongside bonus track 'it's Yo ****  You will have to be able to take the album for what it is, and that's why i give it a 7 because i can really enjoy this type of music while driving around or when i'm at a chill party. I have to agree with XXL Magazine, who mentioned the absence of a big stand out song such as 'Deuces' was. There isn't much going on as far as topics, but that's probably not what Tyga & Chris Brown went for anyway. The features don't really add anything to this album. Lil Boosie, Fat Trel, Jay 305.. they all could have been left out as Chris, who is a singer, easily outshines them rapping wise. There isn't much single material on the album, but there might be something to get out of 'D.G.I.F.U.' as it sounds like an anthem and it flows really well. Originality = 4, Production = 7.5 Lyrics = 5 Chris Brown' singing = 9, he makes most of the tracks sound great.",1,2,"Feb 24, 2015"
1,"There is no doubt that Chris Brown and Tyga are a great duo, but that's one of the things that fails to appear on this album. Every track favors the same beats, topics and lyrics. This is definitely an album that keeps you up and going, though its lacks any serious connection with not only the album itself but with the audience as well. The songs are great but feels as if I'm listening to one track split into 16 different songs. If Chris Brown would focus more on singing rather than rapping, the album could of had gone a better direction but just comes off as rushed, messy and effortless.",1,2,"Feb 26, 2015"
10,"Chilled summer anthem 'Westside' to club banger 'Banjo', the album is filled with tracks about partying, sex and hustling in the club. Overall its a very decent album and I would score it 8 because although the tracks are club bangers, there was not any real depth in the album which is where it lost a few points.",2,6,"Feb 24, 2015"
7,"I expected Fan of a Fan to be complete trash, but I was pleasantly surprised. The production selection is above-average and Chris Brown and Tyga perform admirably on several songs. They definitely have an appreciable amount of chemistry when it comes to collaborating. Regardless, this album is pretty good for an album that was intended to be simple, fun, party/club/banging-in-your-car music. I would say it's clearly better than another party/club/banger album with similar sounds released this year (Kid Ink's Full Speed). There's a lot of good, but not great, tracks, but there's also a lot of mediocre (or worse) tracks. ~ 6.7/10 ~ deluxe edition: 5.6/10
Best track: 'D.G.I.F.U. (Don't Get It F***ed Up)' [feat. Pusha T]: definitely helped out by an outstanding Pusha feature and the sampling of Dr. Dre's 'Forgot About Dre' and Biggie's 'Notorious Thugs'... still, it's a fun car banger",0,1,"Feb 26, 2015"
10,"Ok...I gave this album 10/10 just because I wanted to improve the grade a little bit.In reality I think it deserves 6.5/10.It has great songs like **** and Marijuana,I bet,D.G.I.F.U. is really good and Remember me.When you listen to it it kinda sounds the same and that's what I found bad about this album.Sure you didn't expect some kind of a gangster thing on it but I think there should have been something different about this album.",0,6,"Feb 27, 2015"
10,"Mate selection was amazing, Chris and Tyga have an extraordinary connection. It is an album made for fun and perfectly fulfills what it promised. Peak to the partnership with the rapper 50cent who sent a flawless verse.",0,7,"Feb 25, 2015"
7,"Do not critique this album on emotional depth or maturity. This is an album of fun, club bangers. One song entitled 'Better' is the only one with any real depth. The rest are all fun club/dance tracks. I wish they wouldve had some songs that were way more serious and actually r&b. But it executes what it wants to portraywell hence a 7 out of 10. Production value is superb. Chris Brown does exceptional on several hooks and Tyga has above average raps even tho im not a huge Tyga fan. Overall, if you want something to dance to in your car or play at a party look no further.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2015"
4,"It has some good songs with good lyrics. But it feels soft and slow. It's like they were on a rush. I'm not saying that they where exactly on a rush but i'm just saying that it feels like they just wanted to throw some **** just to get catchy. And they fail at that. Tyga always sounds like he raps about the same thing and Chris Brown just did a good job.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
8,"Fan of a Fan: The Album was created entirely as a result of the collaboration between Chris Brown and Tyga. Being their first time recording a full album together it has received mostly positive reviews. From 'Lights Out' a slowed down track with distored Samples and a hard base to 'Ayo, a high tempo track. The album shows the diversity of their music with transitions from straight hip hop to R&B. The lyrical content for a majority of the album's songs pertains to girls and money, which are both relatable topics but are frequently used as themes in much of popular music.  I would've liked to have heard a little more R&B, because the album was lacking that. I give it a 8/10.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
6,"the album is good, but i'm tired of all these songs that say always **** **** **** **** hoe', i hope that they will change this type of lyrics, but musically isn't bad",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
6,"Quite versatile album sounding relaxing and rhythmic at the same time. Here Estelle goes a bit more into personal, but a bit more into limpness too. This isn't the same girl who sang 'American Boy'. This is a woman. A woman with good vocal skills, but maybe with nonexistent verve.",2,2,"Feb 22, 2015"
10,"After the end of a lasting relationship, Estelle brought the world this extremely personal album telling how she felt.
The most remarkable is the optimal her ability to cover all genres that she used in his career at her other albums. This is one of the strengths of having their own independent label without anyone else says what should or should not do.
Songs like 'Time After Time' and 'Something Good / Devition' has a more Pop Dance style, while 'Conqueror' and 'Silly Girls' show how good Estelle may be singing Soul. But what really stands out on the album is the Hip-Hop 'Time Share (Suite 509)' and the Reggae of 'She Will Love', showing how good she is in the compositions.
It's a very personal album that may end up being understood in a wrong way to bring various genres over a history of love and loss, but it still shows that Estelle is a great songwriter, singer and artist by the way.",8,11,"Feb 17, 2015"
7,"It is an average album that tells a little about the feelings of Estelle after the four-year relationship, on the conquest of it to have the own label and showing various rhythms that she can sing.
Estelle is a great British artist, but this album turns out to be a little more of it she's ever done, maybe a souvenir or clarification, and this makes it all a bit boring. But still has great songs like 'Time After Time', 'Time Share (Suite 509),' 'She Will Love' and 'Conqueror'.",2,3,"Feb 17, 2015"
10,"I'm in love with Estelle right now thanks to this album. Somethin' bout her voice... Just made me blown away. And the tracks are great too. Right now, I'm really hooked on 'Silly Girls' and 'All That Matters'.",0,0,"May  9, 2015"
8,"This soundtrack sounds so good and deep as if ... You cannot stop listening!
Annie introduces all with the wonderful 'I Put a Spell on You', giving a perfect harmony of a loving and gloomy case. It is followed by relaxed 'Undiscovered' from the newcomer Laura Welsh.
The Weeknd has two tracks, 'Earned It' and 'Where You Belong', next to sex and love at the same time, while Ellie Goulding, Sia and Skylar Grey give casual and momentary passion show with a great sentimental appetite in 'Love Me Like You Do ',' Salted Wound 'and' I Know You '.
We cannot forget that Beyonce, Jessie Ware and Frank Sinatra gave a more classic and seductive air to soundtrack.
For me, it's a great soundtrack for a dramatic erotic movie, especially the lyricism of the tracks and the tense atmosphere that the songs bring to us.",9,14,"Feb 10, 2015"
8,"Possibly one of the best soundtrack albums I've ever heard. Love Me Like You Do, I Know You, Crazy In Love are among the best songs of the album.
It still has some songs that feel like fillers but the album is very good overall.",1,2,"Feb 10, 2015"
0,"If there's one thing composer Danny Elfman  does right in the film 'Fifty Shades of Grey' is tell the story with emotions with entertaining music. In the album artists such as 'The Weekend' , Ellie Goulding, Sia and Beyonce, Skylar Grey, Jessie Ware and Frank Sinatra; all of these talented-prepossessing artists singing their beautiful hearts out for the soundtrack and  this sexy film. The lyrics are beautiful/charming and it's really really really really catching!",0,0,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"the songs are really very wonderful , 'love me like you do' by Ellie Goulding , the remix of ' crazy in love' of Beyonc, are two very wonderful music , is very good indeed ...",0,0,"Mar  2, 2015"
10,"The music is PERFECT! The slower song are amazingly sexy. It's definitely the best soundtrack ever. Loved Sia, The Weeknd (OMG!) and Beyonce. 'Love Me Like You Do' Is also amazing. The Stones and Sinatra contrast beautifully with the rest, giving the album a lighter, more romantic tone. Loved it!!",0,0,"Feb 24, 2015"
10,"is best work since Year of the Gentlemen. This album demonstrates the way an album is supposed to be listened to. As a body of work to be consumed and rated as a whole not as individual songs. With the all songs coming together to paint a sincere and heartfelt story.",1,3,"Jan 31, 2015"
2,"'You can't tell a broke man that money means nothing.' This line from the intro perfectly summarizes this album, and also Ne-Yo himself as an artist. Lol, he was probably my favorite R&B singer for a while, and now I could not even finish listening half of the album",0,0,"Jan 28, 2015"
9,"That's sad, ZzzzZ. Because the first half of the album is the weakest part of the album. I actually really like most of the project. It's quite cohesive as far as the sound and it's good to hear him do less pop-ish techno ish. Most of the R&B songs are reason why we used to love Ne-Yo!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2015"
9,"Your best album since Year of the Gentleman but ti's not reached the same level of your best works. We cand found incredible songs but the first half is average.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2015"
3,"Ow. Seriously.
Aural torture really.  Glad I didn't buy it - that was the girlfriend.
She's nearly an ex after making me listen to this!
I'm sure his next album will be super awesome though!",0,0,"Jan 30, 2015"
10,"I always have been a huge fan of Ne-Yo and I feel that this is some of his best work. He has tried the concept album with 'Libra Scale' before but this one really shows off his range and diversity. I think it is awesome how he infuses an 80s/90s sound while keeping it modern. You can really hear how this album channels the sounds of MJ, Marvin Gaye, Prince, and some of the influential R&B artists of the 90s. The tracks that stand out for me are: Integrity, Coming With You, Take You There, Congratulations, Come Over, Ballerina, and Worth It",0,0,"Feb  3, 2015"
8,"Truly a fantastic album. The best song off the album (im not saying this due to it being mainstream) is she knows. Juicy J's Rap part also plays a vital part in the song as it is rather catchy and well spoken. Overall this whole album has been a smasher!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2015"
6,"Not a bad album, but a generally forgettable effort from an artist who generally releases great albums. I came into this album with good expectations because I liked how Ne-Yo talked about the album in interviews, how it would be his full return to R&B and would be more of a storytelling album. I also liked the singles. But Ne-Yo was trying to trick his fans. He released all the good R&B songs as singles and then saved the bad R&B songs and pop songs as album cuts. Nice job, Ne-Yo, it's exactly the opposite of what you did for R.E.D., which was a better album because of this. Grade: B-/C+. Highlights: 'One More', 'Good Morning', 'Money Can't Buy'. Worst songs: 'Time of Our Lives' (the album would have been a touch better if Pitbull saved the song entirely for only his own album Globalization), 'Who's Taking You Home' (he's pulling a 'We Found Love' here)",0,0,"Apr 13, 2015"
7,"As a member of Danity Kane, Dawn Richard couldn't get the opportunity to fully express her personality through music, a thing she finally did in this album, which sounds really interesting and really risky too. It shows a significant evolution from Goldenheart, and in some sense it tries to manifest its yang and the complex, dark side of Dawn's personality. The more relevant merit of the album is that tribal elements are well fused to the electronic ones (and it's not an easy thing to well render!) but some tracks are a bit monotonous and unfortunately devalued by the excessive variety of the comprehensive album. Some others, like Projection, are sublime as well.
While some people found in Blackheart an analogy with 'Broke With Expensive Taste' I'm tending to disagree, saying it's certainly closer to the hypnotic FKA twigs style.
The only difference is that Richard's voice is more immersive and deep (better) than FKA's.",2,2,"Feb 18, 2015"
8,"This was the first thing by Dawn Richard I'd ever listened to. I thought the production was the highlight of this album. For what is essentially an R&B album, it felt very experimental on the production end and helped emphasize the emotional part of the music (Richard's lyrics). It blends fun and serious tracks well. Blow, Billie Jean, Projections, and Adderall/Sold were my favorite tracks. The only track I wasn't crazy about the first time I heard it was Calypso, but as I've listened to the album more and more, it has definitely grown on me.",1,1,"Apr 16, 2015"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns r&bs atuais. A cada msica eu mais me impressionava. Pensava eu que Blow seria a melhor do lbum: me enganei. A voz da Dawn  to diferente, a produo do lbum tambm... Uma juno que s ajudou.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2015"
8,"Retro throwback right up the alley of those wanting a 'vintage' feel. Ronson strikes a homerun in terms of bringing out the best of a pivotal era in music/cultural development, and has probably just done enough to answer the question circulating since 'Uptown Funk' dropped: 'Who the hell is Mark Ronson?'",1,1,"Jan 15, 2015"
7,"Mark Ronson is still a great producer it's just that all these songs lyrically are not that great but the production is strong and that is what I like about Ronson and it did not have that well known features which I like.",1,1,"Jan 17, 2015"
9,"This is a great album that brings us back a good old R&B mixed with a little bit of Funk and Soul/Jazz. I really didn't understand why many people hated it ... You know, sometimes we just have to feel the music and not examine whether it's a fad or not.",5,8,"Mar  5, 2015"
10,"Compelling and funky, the tracks that stand out the most to me are the one's featuring Tame Impala's Kevin Parker. His guest-spots give me insight into what an Impala funk album would be about, and let me tell you, it's glorious.",1,2,"Jan 13, 2015"
0,"it's the worst album ever made, uptown funk is so awful and thinking out loud by ed sheeran is so much better
i can't believe someone buy a **** like this",3,9,"Mar  2, 2015"
5,"When 'Uptown Funk' becomes a stalker of a song, following you around every corner in its inescapable prowess, it's hard to ignore the hype surrounding Mark Ronson's new album. But what is presented as a succulent collection of tasty morsels falls hard into a vat of boredom and overflows uncomfortably with a forgettable concept and flavourless songs.",1,3,"Jan 16, 2015"
9,"Great funk album! Kevin Parker from Tame Impala does great on the three tracks he's on. Very fun to listen to... I don't get the low scores it's receiving from users.",0,0,"May  2, 2015"
8,"Gathering Stevie Wonder, Bruno Mars, Tame Impalas Kevin Parker and Kanye collaborator Jeff Bhasker could have resulted in the too many cooks effect.
Surprisingly, Uptown Special is a collection that faithfully replicates 80s funk, soul and pop with aplomb. Its a project of obvious, yet fluid dynamics, carried largely by the verve and enthusiasm Ronson and co. have injected into every groove.
Wouldnt look out of place as a GTA soundtrack radio station.",0,0,"May 28, 2015"
8,"While it's pretty obvious what the biggest standout on the album is (and deservedly so), Uptown Special is a consistently really fun, enjoyable record that revives classic sounds with the great songwriting & production to keep it from being a mere throwback novelty.
(For a more in-depth review, look up 'Spin It Reviews' on YouTube)",0,0,"Jan 25, 2015"
8,"This is a decent album, I'm not getting all the bad user reviews on here. Very weird. Daffodils, Uptown Funk, Feel Right, Leaving Los Feliz and I Can't Lose are all good tracks, and that's just off the top of my head.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2015"
8,"Mark never give your quality in yours productions and in this album not is different. The retro in album making her so attractive and intelligent, introducing the listener on another world. though have many songs with a bad lyric, this no intervenes highly.
notable songs: I Can't Lose, Uptown Funk, Daffodils",0,0,"Mar  1, 2015"
7,"I know it's not cool, but I really like Uptown Funk.  There are a few other songs on this album that make it worth listening to.  A total throwback to disco and funk.   It's a lot of fun.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2015"
0,"And here we have it: Wannabe '80s music in the 21st century. Tsk tsk tsk. Uptown Funk is perhaps the biggest mistake I have ever heard. I rarely give 0's, but this album truly deserves it. 0/10",0,0,"Feb 19, 2016"
3,"I really don't like the mainstream song of the album, Uptown Funk, it's so overplayed! The album is full of 70's revivals and doesn't sound like you listen to it a lot. This is an album that you play once and throw in the trash!Mark Ronson is such a one-hit wonder and Bruno Mars doesn't make any new and good music anymore! I really don't suggest buying the album or wasting your time on this album!",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
10,"There has not been a better first trio of albums from an R&B singer in recent times. This is different from Fearless and Love Me Back, however. It's quicker, slicker, more explicit and much more contemporary RnB, compared to the variety her previous albums brought. The beats are hard, thumping and frequently modern, with her trademark emotional, strained wail surprisingly used incredibly sparingly.
You'd expect this to be a negative, especially as no one ever makes a great R&B/Soul album that doesn't either heavily throw back to the old days or is some kind of atmospheric hipster/alternative **** but the result is her most cohesive album to date. Although there are few classics on the stratospheric level of the likes of 'Redemption' and 'In Love With...', there average level of tracks is quite astounding and it's incredibly difficult to not listen from cover to cover every time.
Another of her trademarks is her ability to incorporate vivid and intricate storytelling into her writing. She tended to use that device on only a handful of songs on both albums, but in Reality Show it is the main device. The majority of songs paint drastically different characters and case studies quite clearly not her personal voice but certainly with her message.
The variety of her writing is incredible, as is her ability to manipulate her vocal chords and enunciation from song to song to make her voice sound drastically different from song to song.with each character. One moment her voice is light and airy, the next it's so heavy and deep that the sound is androgynous, or it has a kind of jazzy twang, or else it's her usual deep, rich and raspy sound. Not a single vocalist uses their voice as an instrument quite in the way that Jazmine Sullivan does.
I only intended to write a few sentences, but I could go on for much longer than this. Essentially, this is an incredible album from, in my view, someone who has now made it clear that she is the very best R&B artist in the world since her debut in 2008. In the end, the half-decade wait for 'Reality Show' was well worth it, but we can only hope the wait for #4 isn't nearly as desperate.",3,3,"Jan 13, 2015"
9,"Pretty and powerful! This is how the album looks like. Jazmine's voice is so beautiful and all songs sound so vivid. The way it sound a little alternative for R&B/Soul is so pure and unique. She's really amazing like a woman, a singer and a human soul.",8,11,"Jan 13, 2015"
10,"If you are an R&B/Soul fan this album is for you! It's fresh, pure and well produced R&B, Jazmine velvet voice is delightful and to top it off she's a very good songwriter, her lyrics are strong.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2015"
9,"It is a great day for R&B music and Jazzy's huge fans like me. I am so happy that she got up to sing her heart out again. Reality show only comes to complete and to enrich Jazzy's discography with more soulful and nostalgic melodies, and most of all truthful lyrics. My favorites songs are definitely: Mascara, Brand New, Stupid Girls and Stanley. May God bless your soul.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2015"
10,"Top music albums of life people must hear; the preeminence is beyond any words!   bjkbkjbkjbjkbjkbkjbjkbkjbjkbkjbkjbkjbjkbkjbkjbjkbkjbkjbkjbkjbkbkbkbkjbkj",0,0,"Feb  8, 2015"
10,"Musically Flawless; Album of the decade llllllhbjlbjlbjlbjlbljbljbjlbjlbjlbkblkblkbklbklblkbklblkbklbklbklblkbklblkblkbklbklbklbklbklbklbklbklbklbklbklblkb",0,0,"Feb  8, 2015"
8,"Jazmine's 'Reality Show' is a proof that once again the r'n'b/soul genre is stronger than ever these days. Swagger mode: ON. Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/01/jazmine-sullivan-reality-show.html",0,0,"Mar 16, 2015"
10,"I'm absolutely obsessed with this album. Truly a masterpiece. Jazmine is such a talented individual with great songwriting skills. Hats off to her! I listen to this album almost every day.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
8,"I checked this out after seeing him on 'Jools Holland'. This guy is the real deal and in an age of generics, he is a standout performer, channeling the spirit of soul and jazz to make what is essentially a skewed pop record. Musically, the album is dominated by piano and heavy bass guitars. Lyrically, Clementine covers everything; love, life, the bible and croissants. Often, it is as if this album was made without him realising somebody was recording him. I've not heard such a unique sound in years. The man is exceptionally talented and while some might argue he could harness and focus his talent a little bit better, that would take from what makes him standout. Well worth getting a hold of. Make sure to give it plenty of listens, its demands concentration to be fully appreciated.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2016"
8,"This guy indeed has an amazing voice. His singing is expressionist, chaotic, powerful and moving. This is a great album, full of great songs and experimentation.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2015"
10,"This album is a great debut from a great talent. Couldn't stop playing this album for a long while. Hope there is more on the way! The rather low critic reviews are not justified.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2015"
8,"Great debut album 'At Least For Now' by Benjamin Clementine. His music is really fresh, but in a lot of moment we have got classical sounds. I'm woow :) Good job",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"Dense, sophisticated and masterfully executed, Black Messiah is everything we could've asked for from D'Angelo's return. Only a couple days into the album's existence, it's a rare experience that immediately satisfies while also demanding a slow burn. The album features an all-star cast - Palladino, ?uestlove and Q-Tip, to name a few - from a huge range of musical styles. But the mastery of this album emerges in D'Angelo's ability to cohesively meld all these sensibilities into one incredible sound, totally new through blending anachronisms. Driven by funky beats, fuzzy bass, crunchy guitar, and of course D'Angelo's unmistakable voice, the album wants you to move to it, yet always stay alert to pick up some new detail that inevitably emerges on each listen. A straight-up masterpiece.",6,6,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. At first I was worried that the wait since Voodoo would cause my opinion of this album to be strongly affected, but after listening I was surprised by just how good it was. From tracks like the funky 'Sugah Daddy' to the Beatles-esque 'The Door,' D'Angelo explores a wide variety of genres with great success. This is a tough album to deny.",3,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"D'Angelo has done it once again with Black Messiah. This album is amazing from beginning to end. The lyricism and content is moe mature than his previous albums, his voice and arrangements are better than ever, and the production and mixing is A1. The 14-year wait was worth it.",2,2,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"A lauded Genius returns from the depths of American music to concoct an opus that delivers on all counts. This masterpiece is a landmark on this generation's musical landscape similar to what Songs in the Key of Life, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart Club band and Dirty Mind were for their generation. D'angelo, now having delivered three classics, feels more in his element then ever before. The violent urge of '1000 Deaths', the unyielding romanticism of 'Really Love' and 'Another Life, the drunken dreamy funk of 'Prayer' provide the listener with no chance to predict where they are headed next unlike most music provided today.
If you are troubled to find anything on this album that doesn't resonate or inspire you, then you need to check your pulse because you're likely dead.",2,2,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"I could listen to this kind of funky, mellow-vibe, yet D'Angelo is a man with a mission. The times have changed since his 2,000 A.D. album, and D'Angelo has reappeared to contemplate it while at the same time giving us excellent music to listen. Well done, my man!",1,1,"Dec 23, 2014"
9,"This album is better than Brown Sugar, better than Voodoo, and better than any other album released in 2014.
It wasn't even close to be honest. Each listen introduced new sounds that I missed the first time. The production is on point, and I love the muddy vibes with the hard-to-decipher lyrics a la 'There's a Riot Goin' On' and 'Exile on Main St.'. If you listen to hip-hop, pick this up. If you listen to rock, pick this. If you just want some damn good music in your life, pick this album up. It will be worth it. 10/10",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"So my latest addiction is a delightful auditory cheesecake. In classic Pavlovian fashion, I am hitting the repeat button on several tracks of DAngelos Black Messiah. This long awaited treasure dropped from the music universe on December 15, 2014. Before I had the immense pleasure of hearing it, I had heard mixed opinions about the tracks. Boy was I ecstatic when I was able to devour it firsthand. Its been a while since a set of a dozen runes has made an imprint on my musical spirit.
#1) Aint That	Easy-I have had this song on repeat for 15 days straight in the car, in the bed, at work, while in the shower...
#2) '1000 Deaths'--No comment
#3) 'The Charade'--No comment
#4) 'Sugah Daddy'--No comment
#5) ' Really Love	Intoxicating! I love everything about this rhythmic arrangement for so many reasons: the soft sexy Spanish spoken word entrance, the sweet guitar licks, the entire lyrics, how the rhythm mysteriously mimics my heartbeat, the vinyl sound, how D'Angelo deliberately takes his time entering.
#6) Back to the Future (Part	I)This is a diggin groove that speaks with an undying beat.
#7) Till Its DoneI	like it. I am very drawn to the crafty rhythms.
#8) 'Prayer'Yes, I bowed my head, closed my eyes and drifted into an ethereal trance as I soaked up this musical prayer.
#9) Betray My HeartAfter hearing it, I	absolutely cannot stop chanting, I	will never betray my heart. The syncopated licks embody the full essence of what this artist delivers. And that is, jazz, funk, soul, blues, R&B, and pure magic.
#10) The DoorSo catchy. Theres something contagious about whistling. As this song opens with a melodic whistle, it spurs one to join along and be happy in the moment.
#11) Back to the Future	(Part II)--Continued from track 6.
#12) Another LifeThis is the uncontrollable tear-generating culmination of a splendid work of art 14 years in the making. DAngelo has sharpened his chops and delivered a riveting throwdown to rival a colossal gladiator style battle of musical artists. It is so delicious. I ALMOST ODd ON THIS SONG! The lyrics are stunningly beautiful. The harmonies are unparalleled and DAngelos vocals are in a word, orgasmic.
I am thrilled to have consumed a pure dose of musical pleasure. I look forward to many more heaping helpings from the divine DAngelo.",1,1,"Jan 10, 2015"
10,"Just try not to get lost in the incredibly laid back grooves that are laid down in each soul masterpiece that is found within this fantastic album. The grooves are energetic, the instrumentation is fantastic and the vocals are unique and catchy. One of the most forward-thinking R&B albums I've listened to, and the most addictive album of last year. Just can't get enough of Really Love.",1,1,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"Absolutely astounded - will always be one of my favorite artists! Masterpiece, a brand new universe full of harmony and beautiful tunes. Definently one of the best soul/RnB albums of all time and can't wait to see him live one day!",1,1,"Mar  3, 2016"
10,"This is an extraordinary album! Other artists need to take notes and listen to this classic. This is what happens when an artist takes his or her time on music. This album is what people expected from D'Angelo. It's soul, rock, funky, and it has a message about life, love, and current issues across the world. What a great Christmas present. The only bad thing I have to mention about Black Messiah is that I wish it was longer because it's that damn good.",4,5,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"I didn't know who D'Angelo was before this album was released, so I went back and listened to some early material. One thing I can say, Black Messiah is definitely his best work so far, and indeed one of the best albums of the year. The soul is there by the bucket, and there's no amount of voice effects that can kill it. Very, very exciting album. It's not my usual cup of tea, but it's clear Black Messiah is done with aim, mastery and an impressive amount of style.",3,4,"Dec 31, 2014"
10,"This is D'Angelo's return to music as fitting as any fan of his would expect. Superbly written and produced, the music is all soul, all substance, and contains the material and the gravity of an album intended to do more than just entertain, but educate and illuminate.",3,4,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"D'Angelo's Black Messiah knew it didn't have to be good to impress; a fourteen-year gap between albums from any artist would turn heads whether it was good or not. With that said, it is mightily humbling that this new album can be so powerfully present and conscious of what it aims to do with its sound and message. This album truly is the audible equivalent to gold.  Few albums are so moving and spiritual. Black Messiah is an expansive and brilliant album from any aspect; the craftsmanship is excellent, the singing is amazing, and the message is ever so prevalent. It was the right choice to release the album early in order to respond to this year of so much tragedy.",3,4,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"One of the best Funky/Soul/Rock album that I ever heard in my life! D'Angelo is so **** perfect! What a great Christmas present  I'm in love with this album. That's all! xoxo
Favorite tracks: '1000 Deaths'; 'The Charade'; 'Sugah Daddy'; 'Till It's Done (Tutu)' & 'Another Life'.",8,11,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"It's all D'Angelo and all funky! Not to mention awe inspiring melodies with the power to connect to the people. And even if some of the lyrics are difficult to make out? The music says all it needs to say: differences should always be different,and lay comfortably side by side-not far apart. A grand comeback for D'Angelo linking the sociological and musical chains that made contemporary black America so special to America!",2,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
5,"I have to disagree with most of these reviews. Were we listening to the same album?! Yes I can see that this was crafted by a master musician. Yes I liked Brown Sugar, and I LOVED Voodoo... But I always had the sense that I was to be disappointed with this one. Too much time taken = overproduction. The songs are over-edited and overworked. They are arty, yes, but at the expense of the music. Only one track got my head nodding, Sugah Daddy - which was the most like a Voodoo experience. The rest ranged from the dull, the classic soul-funk but nothing outstanding, to the downright unlistenable such as 'prayer'.
It seems like people have so much invested in this album -the reverence of D'Angelo's talent - the long wait - to just admit what it is.. A rambling jam which never quite gets there. Reminiscent of Prince when he began to make very weird albums for the sake of artistry. So to sum up - an interesting musical piece, with real skill on show, can't argue with that - but will I listen to it a lot? no. Do I 'like' it? Not really. It's all just a little too opaque to understand. But maybe this failing is my own.",2,4,"Jan 30, 2015"
5,"First, D'Angelo has made sublime music...just not with this album.  I firmly believe that Voodoo is the most complete and important funk-soul collections of music of its time. It's predecessor, Brown Sugar, was a slightly a more bashful, but nearly as fantastic set of funk-in-your-soul musical gifts.  With deep respect for many of the reviewers of Black Messiah, I am simply not moved by the music contained therein.
The themes examined in Black Messiah are deep and richly performed.  However, I find missing the enchanting melodies that D'Angelo so supremely gave us in his previous offerings.  Dare I consider he's temporarily lost his muse--because that's what it sounds like.  To my ear, most of the songs on Black Messiah are incomplete, over-produced musical thoughts.  The depth of the sound's texture on Black Messiah is so thick and obtuse that I wonder if it's true purpose is to hide the lack of song.  Again, allow me to be clear: I view D'Angelo as one of the great musicians of our time.  From my vantage he need not make a single further offering to establish himself in the pantheon of our most important musicians.  However, it almost seems as though Black Messiah is a collection of musical doodles D'Angelo has played with for years, and that he was moved by current political events to present a musical statement to the world.  By all means, there is plenty in today's landscape on which to comment.  However, I simply must respectfully disagree that Black Messiah ought to be revered in the same way as D'Angelo's earlier creations.",1,2,"Jan  8, 2015"
10,"This album is stunning. For someone who typically despises funk, R&B, and soul music, it's incredible that I can see myself revisiting this album over and over again. The music is laid back and hypnotic, with an experimental vibe that makes it quite intriguing and fresh. And there's not a weak track to be found here, just 55 minutes of funk bliss.",1,3,"Jan 22, 2015"
7,"As most jazz aficionados will already attest to, a truly classic record is not one you can turn on and off as if it were only a switch. Its an important ingredient of an otherworldly experience ... When you set the needle down on Miles' Kind of Blue or Coltrane's Giant Steps or Dexter Gordon's Go, you have an ulterior motive, you seek to escape, to enjoy, to experience, to extrapolate your inner demons. This process is a musical form of Voodoo, which Sir D'Angelo discovered while making this record, and hopes you will too",2,8,"Dec 16, 2014"
3,"Sounds really boring and for the most part, I can't hear what he's singing. I saw all the good reviews and thought I was gonna be listening to something out of this world. Instead got some 1960's jazz sounding album with terribly boring melodies. If you suffer from chronic insomnia, this album is a must-have for you!",2,29,"Dec 16, 2014"
3,"I don't get it. This albumwas noise which overtakes D'Angelo's voice-or what may be left of it. I say that cuz' its not really heard. Unlike his classic, debut album which is all his voice. Forget all that talk of 'a step forward' for him as an artist...forget all that 'artistry' view. The fact is there is music here, in that there are musical notes that I can recognize. But good music, no.",2,34,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"This was well worth the 15 year wait. The soul that was put into this and worth many listens. This was definitely the best album of 2014. If anyone asks what neo-soul should sound like, point them in this direction.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2015"
4,"Yep this album is not that good at all but he has done it again,yeah right!!! most reviews here are done by people who do not know what good music is......i give it a 4 for the effort",0,8,"Dec 23, 2014"
5,"I do not understand the hype around this album. The production is very drab and boring. The Vocals are so quiet that u can barely hear them. Only thing holding this album up are the lyrics,",0,1,"Apr 18, 2015"
10,"D'Angelo comes back with a banger: Black Messiah is the definition of art in music. Well written lyrics, nice melody's and fantastic instrumentals. I'm in love with this album.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2015"
9,"Black Messiah is a bold, brave new release from an artist, though long overdue, still well loved for his two previous works, Voodoo and Brown Sugar. D'angelo uses more a modernistic sound to create what is sometimes a melancholic ride of clicking beats and murmuring vocals to mere catchiness and genuine soul brilliance.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
10,"'Let your days slip away come with me and ride' says D'angelo in the second verse of the opener track Ain't that easy. The name of the track is not referred to this line, since it will be one of the easiest thing in the world to let ourselves drown in this amazing ocean of sounds and amazing lyrics. Every track is produced divinely, there's a lo-fi approach and a worship for vintage equipment. The composition is what we would expect from a contemporary R&B god such as Michael Eugene Archer, there are lots of ideas and there is an irresistible swing throughout the whole record. The presence of musicians such as Pino Palladino (bass), Questolove (drums) and Chalmers Edward 'Spanky' Alford (guitar) can only improve the level of this album from perfect to incalculable and unattainable heights.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2015"
10,"Definitely worth the 14 year wait. Not quite as good as Voodoo, but it definitely has tons of replay value. D'Angelo's wonderful combination of R&B, soul, funk, jazz, and rock fits perfectly with his strong lyricism and always-perfect voice.",0,0,"May  2, 2015"
9,"The structure of the songs is vague. Sometimes it's difficult to even spot the chorus or an actual melody. But somehow it works. It's a body of work that was inspired by pure fusion. You can mess around with the guitars and then drown in the soulful tender vocals of 'Really love'. You then go back to '1000 deaths' and yell at its aggressiveness, while you're thinking about the 'Sugah Daddy' pianos and brass. But you cannot escape from the Erykah Badu-esque 'Back to the furure', because that's the way this album rolls - You connect the dots from different songs and if you do it with love and respect, you can only hear one song, one voice, one guitar, one message.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/01/dangelo-and-vanguard-black-messiah.html",0,0,"Mar 16, 2015"
10,"i know i'm late for this but idc , i love this album it's a CLASSIC, timeless cant stop listening to it and it's Black music, sounds hard, love songs, freak song and its funky",0,0,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Insane album. From the production, creativity to conscientious timeliness of the album, it fills so many gaps and makes its presence felt strongly. Considering the shootings in Missouri, later in Boston, in Baltimore and so on, this album was much needed. This is a rare quality in aesthetic media. The need of an album of this caliber (conscious, both holistically and piece-by-piece beautiful) anachronically made itself yearned for.
A supratemporal, both transcendent and yet so down-to-earth album. D'Angelo is a brilliant fella.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"It has been a year since this album dropped, and it's still one of the most refreshing R&B albums you will ever hear.
The ridiculously detailed and dense instrumentals mixed together with D'Angelo's beautiful, soulful vocals for the duration of 12 tracks is simply a treat. It definitely has a lot of lasting power and forces you to listen to it again, and again, and again.
There is plenty enough for everybody to enjoy. From the slow and sensual 'Really Love' to the harsh and hard hitting anthem rock anthem of '1000 Deaths'.
Black Messiah is a beautiful, nearly flawless record. Can't wait for the next one!
Fav Tracks: All of 'em
Least Fav Track: *None",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
9,"9.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"OK. I can totally understand why someone wouldnt dig this album. The indecipherable lyrics; Dangelo playing all the parts like Eddie Murphy in The Nutty Professor; all that damn guitarI get that. I get it. That being said, Black Messiah is the perfect follow up album to Voodoo. If you liked Send It On, Devils Pie & Africa, theres no reason you shouldnt like this record. In short, this is real soul music, and youll be able to play it 20 years from now. Not only that, this mane plays the sitar, son. The SITAR! I think its safe to say that D-man is a musicians musician (and this is coming from someone whose instrumental prowess ended with sophomore year marching band). Status: Heavy Rotation.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
8,"This is a great album! Mary J. Blige did a great job with major producers and producers who are up in the UK. Really surprised me and got me hooked. Simply captivating and beautiful.
Favorites tracks: 'Not Loving You', 'Whole Damn Year' & 'Nothing But You'.",0,1,"Dec  2, 2014"
10,"Tell me one reason not to love this album; among all these pop stupid records, there is still a star who can produce music of quality.
This is her best since Breakthrough, congratulations to her.
Really beautigul.",0,1,"Dec  3, 2014"
0,"I apologise for those that like this album but it's just churned out trash. It's insta-pop like this that the record labels will keep heaping upon the masses who will only too eagerly buy them because they are considered 'cool'. Avoid!",0,2,"Dec 28, 2014"
5,"Plot me karamele vesh , Motion sht nj tjetr shembull i nj album EDM shkuar nuk ka ku . Me ndihmn e shum artistve t shfaqur , Calvin Harris trheq nj grup t mir t kngve pr t mbajtur t pushtuar . Duke krkuar pr nj LP me nj  tregim? Shikoni diku tjetr , ose ju do t ndiheni t paknaqur
5/10
i przier",1,1,"Nov 14, 2014"
3,"While I really enjoyed 'I Created Disco,' 'Ready For The Weekend,' and '18 Months,' I'm really disappointed by this album.
It's not completely without substance - 'It Was You' feat. Firebeatz, and 'Burnin' feat R3hab stand out as enjoyable tracks.  'Together' feat. Gwen Stefani was also reminiscent of older Harris tracks.
The rest of this album, however, has a certain hackneyed finish to it.  Most of the songs are over-compressed, giving the album a 'nuked for radio' sound.  The majority of the drops sound flat and predictable as a result.  There is audible distortion in some of the tracks as well, which is completely unacceptable for an artist of this caliber.  'Outside' and 'Open Wide' are the biggest examples of audible distortion - the choruses sounds like they were processed through a Boss Metal Zone.  This album was the victim of a 'loudness war' mix, and an amateur one at that.
In addition, this album has an all-star line-up, but fails to deliver an all-star product.  It's like the 2004 Dream Team or the 2008 Yankees - the mere existence of high caliber talent doesn't make for a championship team.  Harris's songs with Alesso, John Newman, Ellie Goulding, Haim, Big Sean, and Gwen Stefani - all great in their own respects - sound more like product extensions than they do artistic collaborations.
Some of the songs sound a little imitated as well - the syncopated percussive lines in 'Dollar Signs' seems to borrow heavily from Martin Garrix's 'Animals,' and the perfomance from Tinashe that sounds like Rihanna Lite. (Rihanna also had a song about dollar signs, oddly enough.)
Overall, this majority of this album sounds like a label executive's idea of an electronic music album, more than it sounds like an electronic music album made by one of the best DJs in electronic music.  I'm sure it will get plenty of radio spins, and maybe be featured in a few tech product commercials, but that won't make this album any better.
Sorry to say, but this album isn't Harris's best work.  The best we can hope for is that the sales from this album will fuel a more earnest effort in the future.",1,2,"Nov  7, 2014"
8,"Calvin continues to do what he knows best. It is great to see him collaborating with other producers including Alesso, Ummet Ozcan, R3HAB and Firebeatz to create something truly amazing. The collaborations with the guest vocalists are great as usual because Calvin creates a sound that will work for the featured artists that can work exceptionally well with their vocals. Also, it is great to hear Calvin sing on the opening track 'Faith', it works well for his voice. It is good to see him taking risks production wise because he went back to his roots on 'Slow Acid' which is a departure from his usual sound but fans from the 'I Created Disco' era would recognise that instantly. This continues to show that he is a versatile producer, songwriter and singer and definitely not a 'sellout' or a one trick pony which some people would bash on him.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2014"
10,"melhor dj do mundo n gente vai pa merda pq esse album t topado assim como clarity do zedd vei to digitando a toa 3 vezes pq n atingiu 150 caracteres vai p puta q te pariu",0,1,"Nov 22, 2014"
9,"I remember hearing the theme Outside at a road cafeteria, that rhythm which moves countless sensations, with Ellie Goulding's particular voice, while I was watching a group of people chatting to each other, the lovely shop decoration, and the vast fields through the windows, and I got to appreciate that beautiful moment.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2014"
4,"In general, the catchy beats and trendy vocal hooks cover up the fact that there is little, almost none true personality and creativity from Harris in this album. As it turns out, Motion is more than disappointing, leaving a still blank space where a blank space, desirous of expression, used to be. Since I always highlight a few tracks, for Motion it will be 'Slow Acid', which is the only track that expresses something personal, and 'Pray To God', which is the only valuable collaboration of the whole album.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2014"
7,"As a big fan both Calvin Harris and EDM music, I was very excited to hear about the Scottish DJ's fourth studio album, 'Motion', which was due to be released on October 31. The album would include hit singles such as 'Summer', 'Blame', featuring John Newman, as well as 'Under Control', a collaboration with Alesso, with vocals from Theo Hutchcraft of Hurts. I was looking forward to hearing much more new content on the album, as Harris' previous album, 18 Months, eventually had 9 of the 15 album tracks released as singles. I have to admit, though, that as a fan, some of the tracks disappointed me a bit, mainly due to the same old, boring repetitiveness. However, some album highlights such as 'Together' featuring Gwen Stefani, 'Burnin', a collaboration with R3hab, 'Pray To God', featuring Haim, as well as 'Dollar Signs', featuring Tinashe, really do outshine most of the others. Overall, I don't really mind if some parts of the record got a bit predictable. However, I do hope Calvin might take on another perspective on his music anytime soon.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2014"
7,"PT (BR): Inicialmente, eu no tive desejo algum em ouvir o projeto 'Motion'. Achava eu no ter curiosidade por algum qualquer lbum dele at que me propus a ouvir seu mais recente single 'Pray To God' em parceria com a banda HAIM. Eu no tive palavras para definir o quanto aquilo era de certa forma 'diferente' do seu ponto de vista e conforto, sendo assim, isto me deu coragem a embarcar numa jornada atravs de mais prolas como essa no seu trabalho. E Novamente, me encontrei de queixo cado. Eu simplesmente adorei toda aquela melodia eufrica de um modo que nada era to indiferente  cada cano. 'Under Control', 'Pray To God', 'Open Wide', 'Ecstasy' e 'Together', com certeza na minha opinio foram a supremacia deste lbum. Na minha opinio, nada mais que clara, 'Together' e 'Ecstasy' devem ser as prximas apostas de Calvin quanto a futuros singles. Alm da cano 'Love Now', que tambm  tima. Um lbum um tanto bom quanto fraco em certos sentidos, porm maravilhoso em outros.
EN (US): Initially, I did not have any desire to hear the project 'Motion'. I thought I did not have any curiosity for a live album until I set out to hear his latest single 'Pray To God' in partnership with HAIM band. I had no words to define how much it was somehow 'different' from their point of view and comfort, so this gave me the courage to embark on a journey through more gems like this in their work. And again, I found myself blown away. I just loved all that euphoric melody in a way that nothing was as indifferent will each song. 'Under Control', 'Pray To God', 'Open Wide', 'Ecstasy' and 'Together', certainly in my opinion were the supremacy of this album. In my opinion, nothing but clear, 'Together' and 'Ecstasy' should be the next betting Calvin about future singles. In the song 'Love Now', which is also great. An album quite good as weak in some ways, but wonderful in others.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2015"
8,"Although this album reeks of plain EDM composition and doesn't have much original elements, this album is definitely a winner.
Songs such as 'summer', 'pray to god', 'outside', 'overdrive', 'under control' etc are good and pleasant to listen to.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2015"
8,"I would like to start this review off by saying right now this album definitely isn't as good as 18 Months.
But let me explain why it gets an 8.
Overall this is a pretty good dance album. Plenty of good songs including the singles ( Summer, Blame, Outside, Under Control, Pray To God etc.)
Also songs like Faith and Ecstasy are awesome as well!
Really to me, the first half of this album is a 10, it's just in the second half, it goes downhill a little.
The second half starts with summer, a pretty awesome start to the second half.
Overdrive isn't a bad song, but it gets redundant hearing the whole thing.
Ecstasy is a pretty good song. Awesome vocals.
Pray To God is awesome
Open Wide starts off well with Big Sean, but the drop isn't that good.
Together is a solid song, not the best but solid.
Burnin is okay, but again kinda redundant
Dollar Signs is honestly the weakest track here. The drop is completely flat.
Overall Pretty Good dance album, just thought the back half could have been better.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
8,"The album theophilus london is good, I like that is worked with kanye because they are alternative rappers. I quite like to keep the theme of VIBES throughout the album.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"A great album! Theophilus London grow up with this album, with Kanye's production. He gives his best and it makes him one of the best Rappers male of the year.",7,8,"Nov  7, 2014"
10,"Esse lbum do Theophilus London  incrvel! D pra perceber de longe que ele evoluiu muito, por mais que a mdia no aceite. Kanye West fez um trabalho incrvel e o melhor  que minha faixa preferida  a parceria deles! :3",1,2,"Nov  7, 2014"
10,"Great album...loved it. He gives his best and it makes him one of the best Rappers male of the year.I like that is worked with kanye because they are alternative rappers. I quite like to keep the theme of VIBES throughout the album.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2015"
10,"my friend suggested me this album..Re-listened to this album after some time..great production great album...would recommend for relaxing mood, self time..",0,0,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"VII, the debut studio album by Teyana Taylor, sees her trade in her tomboyish rap image for something more soft and sexy, and it shows on songs like Business, a throwback to 90's Genuwine. The album itself has that 90's feel to it, and layered with her smoky vocals it makes for an enjoyable listen. It is one of the must have albums of 2014.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
9,"Ms. Ware once again proves that having poise, taste and talent will win out over cheap shock tactics. Working with a number of different songwriters has diversified her sound ever so slightly. She is more confident and even seductive her. A highly polished, enjoyable sophomore effort.",5,5,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"With amazing lyrics, produtions and vocals, Jessie Ware did the best Pop album of the year. She is so creative and is really awesome. I really fell in love with it and I'm addicted.",4,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"Amazing vocals, amazing production and a great progression from the Devotion. I am a big fan of artists like Jessie. My favorite song is Keep on Lying",4,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
9,"It's been a while we have not heard a such good soul album like Tough Love. It makes me think about the last album of Drake; Nothing was the Same. Surely, this album a tough work for Jessie Ware. Because the sounds is completely different like music now days. Moreover, Jessie have a perfect vocal on this album. Great Album!!! One of the Best for this Year",1,1,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"tough love s confirma que a jessie ware  uma das melhores cantoras inglesas atualmente. um album soul simples e coeso que segue a linha do debut Devotion (2012) sem ser repetitivo
Destaques: Cruel, Say You Love Me, Pieces e Desire",1,1,"Apr 16, 2015"
10,"'Tough Love' is one of the best albums of the year, of course! Jessie Ware's voice sound so great and powerful, in the same time, sounds quiet and hopeful.
'Say You Love Me', 'You & I (Forever)', 'Kind of...Sometimes...Maybe', 'Pieces' and 'Desire' are the biggest songs of the album, that give the best moments, with beats and lyrics so pretty and creative that can make the listener fall in love for the album.
Jessie Ware really gave her best and did an album that is with na upper level far from her first, 'Devotion'. This is amazing!",6,7,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"'Tough Love'  um dos melhores lbuns do ano,  claro! A voz de Jessie Ware parecer to surpreendente e poderosa, ao mesmo tempo, parece tranquila e esperanosa.   'Say You Love Me' com a co-escrida do Ed Sheeran, 'You & I', 'Kind of ... Sometimes... Maybe' com a co-escrita do Migyel, 'Pieces' e 'Desire' so as maiores canes do lbum, que do os melhores momentos, com batidas e letras to lindas e criativas que podem e fazem o ouvinte se apaixonar pelo lbum inteiro. Jessie Ware realmente deu o seu melhor e fez um lbum que est com nvel superior, distantemente de seu primeiro, 'Devotion'. 'Tough Love'  incrvel!",3,4,"Oct 21, 2014"
9,"While her debut album Devotion proved an excellent beginning, full of giant choruses and mixtures of genres, Tough Love subsumes completely into them and builds a tremendous, celestial and astonishingly ethereal package of songs, one stepping into the other, forming an enormous pyramid [if only Kind Of... Sometimes... Maybe didn't exist]. This album is precious.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2015"
9,"To sum it all up, simply beautiful and truly elegant. The only gripes that i have so far is that some (a tiny number) of the tracks featured is average at best, but the main stars like 'Say You Love Me',  'Want Your Feeling' and the titular song 'Tough Love' more than make up for its imperfection.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2014"
10,"as perfect a cd as a musician could want. thank you jon caramanica of nyt for your review of her live which got me to listen. i am now convinced she should see the celebrity adele did. too bad other talented artists today choose to waste their talents with the songs they record instead of following this path. this is a set of songs one can feel and sing and share joy with.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2014"
10,"From top to bottom, this is an amazing album. Not only is it amazing, but it brings together every essence of what made R&B such a dominant genre in the early 2000s. Not only that, but its a modern blueprint for what an album should sound like in 2014, because most people are not releasing albums. Theyre releasing 10 songs and a bonus track. This body of work is cohesive from the opening song Aquarius, to the The Storm outro. And thats another thing Tinashe learned from the greats like Janet Jackson, whos albums always transitioned perfectly between songs. Aquarius is smart, its dark, its deep, its club-friendly, its guy-friendly, its radio-friendly, it has lyrical depth, it blends genres, its cohesive yet diverse.",7,7,"Oct  8, 2014"
8,"Tinashe's debut album Aquarius is clearly just a glimpse of what the singer/songwriter is capable of.  Many people compliment her breathy, whispery vocals however she is capable of more as she proved while singing the National Anthem for the Dodgers.  This album is just an introduction and a good one at that.  She doesn't let any of the song's beat or bass line take her over and glides rightfully so over it, never taking a backseat to any of the songs.  The interlude's on the album definitely take you from song to song and makes the transitions much easier than most albums where songs just seem randomly placed.  She sounds comfortable with her sound and you can tell a lot of effort went into making the album.",6,6,"Oct  7, 2014"
10,"Feels Like Vegas!!! Damn I love it!! And she produces and writes her own stuff!! If anyone could get me interested in the 'trap' genre, it's Tinashe!!!",5,5,"Oct  7, 2014"
10,"Surprisingly good. Don't be fooled by '2 On', which originally lead me to believe she was a one hit wonder. This album is a solid, cohesive body of work and probably the best urban debut from a female we've seen in years. My favourites include 'Bet', 'Aquarius', 'Cold Sweat' and 'Thug Cry'.",4,4,"Oct 13, 2014"
9,"I was always support  Tinashe before '2 On'came out.This album really showed me all the support was worth it,her voice is so special,I think she can go really far!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2014"
10,"'Bet', probably the strongest mid-tempo song in the project, gives Beyonce and Solange a reason to sue Blood Orange for not delivering the demo to their managers. '2 on', the first single of the album, is as urban as it can be and a top-30 hit in the Billboard Hot 100. In 'All hands on deck' Tinashe delivers a solid vocal performance, accompanied by a flute loop, a raw bassline and some killer synths, while 'Far side of the moon' is a track that even the duo of Timbaland/Justin could be jealous of.
If you are a fan of the r'n'b genre, you will adore this album if you haven't already. Tinashe should be the biggest female act of 2015 if there's any music justice out there. And if there's not, oh well... let's count on the Universe's poetic one.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2014/12/tinashe-aquarius.html",1,1,"Mar 16, 2015"
7,"This is a solid effort from Tinashe. I got to know her back in the day of her mixtapes but never really gave her a chance. Listened to her tapes, but never replayed any songs to actually get a chance to like anything. But i felt like with this album i had to play it at least twice to know if i could like her, also because of the critical praise it's getting, which quite surprises me honestly. I feel like she still has a lot of growing to do but this showcases the amount of potential she has as a musician. It's not just another typical R&B album. It has a cohesive dark sound to it and it works for her. I'll rate it a 7 for now. One of the better releases of the year in my opinion.",2,3,"Oct  9, 2014"
9,"Tinashe debut album 'Aquarius' is so clearly and obscure at the same time. So much feelings and it supposed should be one of the best debuts of the year. An Alternative R&B that sounds like you're in a dream with her love and pain. It really surprises me.",1,2,"Oct 28, 2014"
7,"The sound of Aquariusthe debut album of Tinash Jorgensen Kachingwe AKA Tinashesmells of PBR&B, weeks-old liquor bottles, and lots and lots of cannabis. That's intentional though. Though she initially established her ideal mixture of 'urban, rhythmic, and pop' with a hint of 'alternative music' on her previous three mixtapes released between 2012 and 2013, her commercial breakthrough didn't come until her DJ Mustard-produced single '2 On' quietly entered the top 40 in the U.S. earlier this year, becoming the 'crunk' anthem of 2014. Though Aquarius often falters throughout its overall identity crisis and many hit-or-miss interludes ('Indigo Child''s gloomy melodies and vocoders earns favoritism from me, personally), Tinashe is an artist in the makingher accompanying producers take us further and further into her artistry. The Blood Orange-accompanied 'Bet' showcases the technical capabilities of Tinashe's vocals and the Mike WiLL Made-It-produced 'Thug Cry' is 2014's 'Body Party'cheesy-as-hell chorus and all. It's an endearing debut. Especially if you're in a hazy basement with your friends with the speakers up.",0,4,"Oct 26, 2014"
10,"Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2015"
8,"Tinashe's debut album 'Aquarius' surprised me with just how graceful this young lady is with her atmosphere, as well as her supple and sweet soprano voice. Tip-toeing just between whispery soul and seductive R&B, this record is much more cohesive than you would think, which is good for such a collection of hits that, as singles, would not seem like they would work together. Slinking through the themes of heartbreak, partying, sex and love, Tinashe gives us a hazy soul that was previously missing from much of recent R&B, and we would all be doing ourselves a favor to lose ourselves in the mist. Tracks that standout for me were the whispery introduction 'Aquarius,' Janet Jackson-flipped 'How Many Times,' and personally, the 89-second interlude, atmospheric 'Indigo Child.'",0,0,"Dec  8, 2014"
10,"amazing, tinashe is the best singer in the modetn world, all tracks/interludes are **** amazing, this girl could be the future queen of the r&b/urban music",0,0,"Dec 21, 2014"
9,"I think this album is almost perfect, but only two song dislike me but the others songs a really perfect. Fav. songs: Bet, Cold Sweat, Far Side Of The Moon and Feel Like Vegas",0,0,"Mar 15, 2015"
10,"First of all Tinashe has an R&B mixed with a little electronic/alternative music with dark and gritty beats to her sound. Her mixtapes In Case We Die Reverie, Blackwater and now Amethyst really reflect on her as an artist. This album does not disappoint, carries flow with her interludes and felt quite authentic. Many people probably overlook her because of 2On but do yourself a favor and listen till the end of this album. So much is showcased in this album from her variety with songs like 2On and Bated Breath, the instrumental, her messages like the age of aquarius, politics and society/media and her vocals in songs like Cold Sweat. She has come a long way and worked hard, this is real R&B, don't sleep on her.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2015"
4,"Fortement mitig sur cet album mais beaucoup de dception. Une voix peu matrise  cause de son attachement  montrer sa voix comme Akon pourrait le faire mais  diffrence de lui, elle n'a pas assez travaill sa voix. J'ai grinc souvent des dents. Bated Breath est le seul son  retenir de l'album. C'est un album aussi vite oubli que ses prcdentes mixtapes. Tinashe est une artiste pour l'instant mdiocre mais qui progresse.
J'attend de voir ce que donnera le futur pour elle. Contrairement  la mdiocrit sonore de cet album, je la sens capable de progresser et de nous sortir quelque chose de convenable dans ses 10 prochaines annes, pas un album bourrs de guest inutiles et ruinant l'ambiance Soul-Lounge de",0,0,"Jul 14, 2015"
10,"A truly remarkable album. I am continually stunned by this album, I'm still no where near bored of it and I don't think I ever will be. The songs on here are either great singles or are soulful masterpieces suited to be album tracks. The balance is perfect. A definite must buy for R&B fans!",0,0,"Mar 23, 2016"
8,"This could very well be the best we can expect from Prince at this stage of his career. Surprisingly fresh and confident, he's undeniably 'Princey' while at the same time embracing current musical trends. Trend-setting? Not anymore, but that's ok, he's past that and how could one hold that against him?",1,1,"Oct  1, 2014"
7,"How hard it seems for Prince (cough... cough...) to be sincere and true for a minute.
Just like his productions, he's packed in some cheap plastic condom, far from the real thing.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2014"
8,"Definitely the most consistent long play since 'Musicology'. There are actual songs here, not just jam ideas. As usual it takes about three times through it to really get the feel of whether its good or not, and its good. And those who deny he's relevant will have to re-think that listening to songs like 'Breakfast Can Wait' and 'Breakdown'. Those are top of game songs that define him like nothing else can for most other artists. Does he still sell 20 million CDs? No, but who does these days? He will continue to influence other musicians with this work and that's what keeps one relevant, even if the public doesn't get that. We'll be hearing this album in other songs for years.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums of the year, and probably Princes best in over 20. In fact, putting the rose tinted glasses to one side, i'd argue that even if this had come out during Princes 1980s creative peak it would still be considered a very solid entry. Its an extremely consistent record, 'Way back home' and 'Affirmation 3' are the weak links (although by no means terrible) while the remaining 11 songs range from good to great.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2014"
6,"Though the band is tight and rocks, the songs are not up to the standard the band sets. Its ironic, but its true -- they are certainly capable of better and you can hear it here. The songs mostly groove along in a sort of bland way, and then there are highlights that happen and just recede into the background again. Unfortunately, the tracks where one of the band members take lead just don't work, but the ones with Prince at the mic make up for that. I do love their sound, but the songs needed more than this group can deliver. Highlights are 'Wow', 'Fixurlifeup', 'Stopthistrain', 'Anotherlove' and 'Funknroll'. The rest are fine background songs, but that's about it. I bet they kick ass in concert, though!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
6,"Definitely the weaker of the two new Prince albums. When its good ('AnotherLove' 'Wow' 'Fixurlifeup') its very, very good- good enough for me to give it a considerably higher score than I would have otherwise. Unfortunately outside of those 3 songs this is mostly a very throwaway album. 'Stop this train' and 'pretzelbodylogic'   are decent enough, there are several tracks that have no real Prince element to them, such as the consecutive trio of 'ainturninround' the instrumental title track and 'Whitecaps' ...not intolerable songs by any means but it feels like the star of the show is missing and you're instead listening to a generic girl rock group. Then theres the absolute lowlights of the album 'Boytrouble' probably takes the cake, again lacking an obvious Prince presence and containing some truly painful rapping. 'Marz' has potential but feels underproduced and half finished (it clocks in at under 2 mins) while album closer 'funknroll' is essentially a rubbish version of the song of the same name on Princes new solo release.
All in all, if 'Wow', 'FixUrLifeUp' and 'AnotherLove' had been plucked from this album and put on Art Official Age instead, PlectrumElectrumt would have literally no reason to exist.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2014"
10,"Saw many of these compositions live when Prince & 3rdeyegirl visited Portland, OR in 2013.  Longtime Prince fan have always dreamed of him putting out a unfiltered rock album......here it is and its lovely.  The ladies of 3rdeyegirl are much more present in these songs than the ladies in the Revolution were back in the day.  Straight up rockers 'Another Love', 'Ain't Turning Around', 'Fixurlifeup', 'Marz', and the incredible 'Plectrumelectrum' carry this album.  The latter song absolutely lit up the crowd at the Prince concert in Portland last year.....I mean the room was electric!  'Whitecaps' is a timeless ballad and 'Boytrouble' is a funky and very nice rap and 'tictactoe' is song that could have been on 'ArtOfficialAge.'  Excellent work, I'm so glad he did this one...its one for the ages!  Once people get past their little snarky 'Prince' issues and really listen to this album and 'ArtOfficialAge' they will come around.  Superb work!",0,0,"Oct 18, 2014"
8,"Jennifer Hudson really surprised me with this album. While she get the songs, I listened and thought that this was the best of her. So many dance music in a powerful voice! 'JHUD' is amazing! I really like it a lot.",6,8,"Sep 25, 2014"
7,"Befasuese ! Jennifer Hudson me t vrtet shkon nga r shenj e zakonshme dhe muzik b overproduced . Me tema ende t qeshur , ky album sht nj pr t dgjuar !
7/10
e rekomanduar",2,3,"Nov 15, 2014"
9,"This is the comeback album TeamBreezy has been waiting for. Production values are great. Lyrics and substance within songs are there. Only detraction for me is that the album isnt cohesive 100% in terms of how one song leads into the next (simple fix when i just made a playlist of the whole album and flipped a couple songs around). Doing that helps it flow better, for me at least. After listening to it you can see lots of potential for his next solo album.",2,2,"Feb 27, 2015"
8,"Good R&B album, it's a 'new age R&B', with dance beats and classic R&B vocals, the best songs are 'fine china', 'X' and 'Loyal',    .",2,2,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"Sem dvidas o melhor album de toda a carreira. Nunca vi tanto amadurecimento de uma s vez; tanto nas letras, como no beat, na voz, apresentao e contedo. O album est maravilhoso!",8,9,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This is the best album ever, everybody would listen to the X album, sou brasileiro e ns todos aqui amamos o Chris Brown, msicas como 'Loyal', 'Add me in', 'Fine China' e 'X' so perfeitas, tem que hitar, Chris, Brazil loves you",8,9,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This is Chris' best album since Exclusive. It beats out F.A.M.E by quite a lot and simply destroys Fortune, which honestly was a little bit of a disaster.. This album deserves to be heard and for once, can we please stop talking about him as a person but more so him as an artist?",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Um lbum perfeitamente elaborado, uma levada de todos os gneros, acredito que tem tudo pra ser o melhor lbum do Chris e que ele consiga ganhar muitos prmios a a partir desse lbum.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"two years of waiting, and Chris Brown surprised us in this new work. Could not be less, since it's a mix of r & b and eletromusic. Autumn Leaves is a song sung with soul beyond voice, the soft back of Kendrick Lamar is amazing. The verses on 'Do Better' has a footprint Fortune passes by brings Graffiti and FAME afloat. Impossible not give full marks, is by far the best work from the debut album.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Since the last 3 albums, the 'X' by Chris Brown, is his better work. A little bit longer than he should be, this new record is well produced with some potential hits, it's an album full of references, like 'Fine China' and 'Add me In' that imitate the 80's Michael Jackson still. With some sexy songs, when always Chris is trying open the legs of his lady, the album has some of beautiful records, an example is 'Do Better' where CB has an direct argue of his relationship, everything fits with the amazing voice of Brandy. And for last, the album has one of, that I personally think that is one of the better songs that Chris ever made, 'Autumn Leaves', he show in every word an drama and remorse, fruit of his amazing vocal ability. The album is his better since the 'Exclusive', the only trouble is that he is to long, but yet, is an great album of R&B.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"A solid r&b/pop album with some great hits, like loyal, autumn leaves. Chris Brown has grown up a lot as an artist. Great album, one of the bests of 2014 for sure.",5,6,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Great album from Chris his best yet it is nicely put together the way the tracks flow together and make sense the only exception with that is Body Shots I felt that song was placed in the wrong part of the album should have been at the beginning towards the middle with the upbeat songs several potential hit singles even he has released seven already the best songs are X, Add Me In, Songs on 12 Play,Drown In It, Came To Do, Stereotype, Autumn Leaves, Do Better [my favorite], See You Around, and Drunk Texting. Congrats to Chris on this album hope it sells well and hope your career continues in a positive direction.",4,5,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"AI LIPE, ALLAN,  NIZ LEK, CHRIS BROWN TA M1L GR4L ...................................................................................................................................... ZIKA",4,5,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"XTheAlbum   muitoo muitoo fodaaa , Chris CRESCEU e  EVOLUIU MUITO !!  um dos seus melhores e do ano. Podem falar oque quiserem  , no tem pra ninguem ... TEAM BREEZY!!!",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"lbum perfeito, todas as faixas tem alto nvel e qualquer uma poderia ser single.
Todo o tempo de espera valeu a pena, mais de 1 ano de espera foi recompensado com timas musicas, trabalho perfeito.",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"In this album Chris Brown once again showed why people do not stop to support his art.
Again the young Breezy is not just the R & B. The star mixes R & B with Pop, Dance & Trap. With large mature compositions Brown shows all your soul. Nothing better than great lyrics with great beats.",3,4,"Sep 16, 2014"
8,"With no doubt, this is the best album that Chris Brown did! It sounds like this one has a piece of all his career. Musics like 'X', 'Fine China' and 'Drunk Texting' made the lbum a kind of R&B with Hip-Hop so powerful! It's amazing! Congrats, Chris!",2,3,"Sep 19, 2014"
10,"Great album, I'm a huge fan of chris brown and he rarely lets me down, i feel that he put his heart in some songs, like autumn leaves. For me this is gonna be a top 1 on billboard.",2,3,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"Great album, the prince of r&b and pop is back, and is better, Catchy songs, has a bit of everything, pop, r&b, electronic, Chris is just amazing, i will buy this album for sure.",2,3,"Sep 16, 2014"
10,"This album shows so much growth and delivers a variety of music for everyone to enjoy. It offers house style music, sexy R&B, pop style R&B, hip urban and even a touch of country urban ( don't know if that's a label but it fits). Brown goes through a variety of emotions from 'these hoes aren't loyal' to drunk texting to ending a relationship and having to let go in see you around. Don't listen to these so called newspaper critics.  All they want to do is give a biased blow by blow of Brown's personal life and not critic the music. The only review worth it's weight is Billboard. Go get X you won't be disappointed!",2,3,"Sep 17, 2014"
8,"As much as I think Chris Brown is a dick, his latest album is his best one since Exclusive. It's not that great, as  a few songs could have been easily cut without any repercussions, but it's not bad at all. While other critics find the attempts at a wider audience (IE, R&B, Hip-Hop, Pop, and a little bit of EDM) a bad thing, I thought it was nice. He still has a long way to go if he wants to be the future of R&B, though, and if he ever gets his crap together, he just might pull that off.",1,2,"Sep 17, 2014"
0,"I can't imagine how horrible of an upbringing you would have to have to listen to Brown, and enjoy it. Who can feel sexy listening to cheesy ballads made by a wife-beater?",0,3,"Dec 19, 2014"
7,"This album is very upbeat, very radio friendly, club friendly, and also very pop. He has got back into R&B a little more with this project - this comes out in all the good melodies and great vocals - but overall the album is still pop dominant, with a large side of EDM. Id say its about 50% pop, 30% R&B, 20% EDM.
I dont like pop or EDM very much...
However, the album does have a pretty nice vibe to it, its just good music for when you want to listen to some music but without the emotional investment, so you pass up on Miguel, Kanye or Kendrick and go the no strings attached option which is pretty much this album.
Occasionally youll come across some gems, such as the title track, X; Songs On 12 Play; Autumn Leaves; Drunk Texting, and, my personal favourite song on the album: Lost In Ya Love.
One of the problems with CB for me is that I feel no emotional connection through his music with the man himself. However with the song Lost In Ya Love I can feel a connection to Chris for the first time. I can actually hear it in his voice, hes not just saying he loves his girl, you can actually hear the passion and thats why its a standout song for me.
Definitely ends the album on a high note.
Overall X the album has some great songs, some average ones, and some lousy ones. But Its still one of the years best releases so far. I give it a .",0,1,"Sep 27, 2014"
8,"Finally, Chris Brown makes it with 'X'. Honestly this work of him is more interesting than also high reviewed 'Exclusive', being oriented in more urban genres of music like trap and EDM, but also containing live instrument songs as well as generic R&B ones.
Time goes by and people should forget about his incident from 2009 focusing more on his art than mistakes he did (although Graffiti, F.A.M.E., and Fortune indeed were less good efforts having at the most few of memorable songs albeit not to rate them under 5/10).
Highlights of the album in my opinion are: The title track - 'X', 'Autumn Leaves', 'Do Better', 'Don't Be Gone Too Long' and 'Fine China' (which I consider the most entertaining and don't understand why it didn't make it to standard edition of the album). Keep it up Chris and hope you come up with another good album like this to make people stop being blinded by the 2009 incident.
8/10",0,0,"Sep 21, 2014"
10,"The best album this year by far. He grown up a lot and you can see that on this album. Party songs like came to do or loyal and deep songs like autumn leaves or do better.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
9,"This might not be the best album by Chris Brown,I have to say,even though I'm a Team Breezy,I'm giving 9 points because this is worth it.First,I know people waited this album for 1 year,me too,I've been waiting for this album when 'Fine China' first came out.Skip to the point,this album is good,not saying is the best,'cause it's not, for me,'Exclusive' is always the best,but this album,I can say,every song Breezy put his heart in it,which is an amazing,and by the way,now,I can't see anybody is making a good music video like him do.Back to the music,First,I know put the first single in the Bonus Track can be a little crazy,deleted Ariana from the album is not a smart move too,but he smartly keep a few people in this album,'Songs on 12 play' with Trey Songz, 'Drunk texting' with Jhene Aiko,'Autumn Leaves' with Kendrick Lamar,have to say,ask Kendrick to do this song is the smartest thing ever,this song wouldn't be so amazing if Lamar isn't here.So many song is a smart move,but 'body shots'is the worst song in it,this song should be the Interlude,101 will be really amazing if it's a full song.This album really show why people still paying attention to his arts,even though his personal life is a mess.This is the best R&B album in 2014.But he could do so much better.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"Brown's Music has always been exception I totally love this album and its diversity.
20 Collosal Songs lol,The song with Kendrick lamar,was crazily dope,I also loved I'll see you around.
Lots of MJ influence in the album.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2015"
10,"I believe this album to be his recent best so far released. Although I think 'Exclusive' still remains on top of this. Expecting better albums of him to come, I hope. Congrats Chris!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2015"
10,"Sicuramente il miglior album di Chris Brown. Una perla dell'RnB contemporaneo che spicca rispetto ai suoi precedenti lavori, con pezzi magnifici in perfetta sintonia col concept dell'album.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
8,"Definitely is a breath of fresh air for R&B. While there's a numerous amount of new R&B projects floating around, Jhene Aiko's Souled Out definitely sticks out like a soar thumb. With simplistic lyrics that every average human being can relate to, there's really nothing negative you can say about this album. Every cut has its own identity, even though subject matter may be comparable in just about every song. Good to see a talented new artist hit the nail on the head with their debut studio album.",4,4,"Sep 11, 2014"
10,"Jhene is one of very few artists who goes deep into the soul of listeners. I admire her for that. Souled Out is a journey that resonates with anyone who has hope, love and peace in their soul which is why it is the best album of 2014. Beautiful and unique voice and quality production.",1,1,"Sep 12, 2014"
10,"This is my album of 2015. This is new breed of music, a mix of R&B and Soul, with well written lyrics and tugs at the heart, at the essence of being Human.",1,1,"Jul 16, 2015"
10,"Jhene Aiko really gave us a brilliant R&B album. It is the type to relax to and really take in the chilling vibe that it gives off. This is a truly mesmerising album, for all fans of R&B. Definitely check this out",1,1,"Mar 23, 2016"
10,"There is something about her voice that is so beautiful and calming to me. This is the perfect album to just vibe with and go on a journey. Souled Out is no doubt my favorite album of 2014 & I look forward to all of her future releases.",5,6,"Sep 12, 2014"
9,"Very powerful album. Cannot stop listening to Promises...one of the greatest songs I've heard in recent memory. Recommend this album to anyone who loves R&B",0,0,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Jhene Aiko nuk ka asnj dyshim br nj shenj t madhe n R dhe B bot me kt LP . E prbr nga gati nj or , Ndershm Out vjen me tekst t vshtir goditur , vokal t relaksuar dhe qetsues Jhene -s , dhe instrumentale t mdha . Nj konkurrent pr albumin e vitit ! 10/10 !",0,0,"Sep 13, 2014"
10,"I cannot explain how much lovely and lonely she was when she recorded this album. 'Souled Out' is an amazing perfection of R&B! Jhen has a pretty and calm voice that make me feel like I'm front of the sea seeing the sun comes down. This is a such high debut! I'm really in love with it so much!",0,0,"Sep 18, 2014"
10,"Jhene Aiko is my favorite artist; she is a really skilled singer. Also, I am influenced by her because I can sing just like her. She was young when she started off her singing career, just fifteen years old. She made a record deal with Epic Records, and lived in Los Angeles at that time. Some reviews on this site are really good - one says, If her writing is still in progress, it's progress that's worth watching. I can say I agree with that because all of her music is amazing and her lyrics are something I can relate to a lot. Also, every single time she writes a new song it's better, and the lyrics are more powerful each time.
I think the album Souled Out is one of my favorite albums and I hope the next album is even better. I always wonder what the next line of her lyrics are going to make me consider contemplate. I feel really calm and relaxed when I listen to her music. I listen to her every night, and honestly she puts me in a good mood. I recommend everyone listen to at least one song  take for instance the track Remember. One of her lyrics in that song is: Calm down, you know my heart can't take anymore damn. This I can relate to because boys have taken my heart and crushed it too many times.  This message is something that surely can be related to through millions of others teenagers going through this situation.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2015"
4,"De moins en moins convaincu par l'estimation de cette artiste, qui l'est trop  mon got. Le rythme est le mme, les featurings n'apportent rien et on finit par connatre l'album en coutant un seul morceau.
Voil le problme des crateurs de Soul / Lounge. Mais je sais applaudir quand ils savent se rinventer.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2015"
7,"This album is beautifully produced and vocally striking; however, in terms of lyrics, they are up to par, but Aiko tends to use one repeated line as her hook for most of her songs.  In the future, I'd like to see her take more risks lyrically rather than playing it safe and making her hooks sound redundant.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
9,"On of my favorite R&B albums ever. I just love the atmospheric production. It just gives this album a unique smoothness that is so rare to find in R&B. Jhene Aiko has such a beautiful voice, and I love the lyrics' overarching theme. Can't wait for her next full length LP.
Favs: To Love & Die, Eternal Sunshine, Limbo Limbo Limbo, Lyin King, Wading, Spotless Mind
Least Favs: It's Cool",0,0,"Jul  8, 2016"
7,"Shows great improvement in concepts and a growth in sound. A lot of good music here and even more to come with so much potential. The single with Drake is most likely the peak of this album but there are a few hidden gems with Her Way and Sex on the Beach. Good listen, I enjoyed it thoroughly.",1,1,"Oct 21, 2014"
0,"one of the worst 'albums' i have ever heard in my life, doesn't even count as music, i can't believe people actually waste their time listening to this tripe",2,4,"Jan 21, 2015"
4,"I really don't like most of the songs. I loved PND1, and this just didn't stack up at all. I think there's a lot of room to grow for this young artist. I'm sure something great will come soon. I think he just needs to sound like someone other than one that's only more vocally talented than Drake.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2014"
7,"I really enjoyed the feel of this album. Lush dark and mysterious production, PND's voice along with it creates a perfect combination. Only drawback I can think of is that PND's lyrics can be very tasteless at times. Fav Song: Options.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2015"
10,"adnajnflwnflwenflnwF w vjW SVJW SEFNWFNWSNFCLSNFLKNWALV lsd vknflksnklvndkfndkf dondkndkes djancnadclsdlc enfwioenf fl fj fjesnks jf sjaf as flse kls jfnjsf ..... Its a work of art",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
8,"Does not hold up to PND1's quality. But it definitely has a lot of replay value. Has great gems such as Muse, Thirsty, Recognize, SLS, and Options. Great project overall.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
3,"the songs are not that good. I've heard that he made this album to get his ex wife back, but that doesn't excuse how bad it is. songs are repetitive, and cheesy. there are some great songs, but that doesn't excuse the bad. this album is not that good, despite having good intentions",3,3,"Jul  1, 2014"
4,"Robin Thicke has a good voice and a handsome physical appearance. But his songs just aren't that good. Maybe he should study R. Kelly's 'Love Letter' album to get an idea of what a good love songs album should sound like?",1,1,"Jul  2, 2014"
2,"This album, as you might have heard by now, is far and away from his past releases. There is not ONE song I like. I know the reason/place where the songs are coming from in his life, but they are just not good. Now I can say his voice is still like a old school 'crooner.' Which is nice, but I couldn't finish listening to the album. Nothing caught my ear.",1,1,"Jul 10, 2014"
2,"You go from international fame to writing an entire NEW album in two weeks, that personally, in the long run, isn't that good, nor creative.  If I were Thicke, I would be embarrassed, let alone mortified that my album sold 530 copies in the UK, 550 in Canada, and 158 in Australia in its first week (don't expect future weekly sales to be any higher.)  'Paula', in the end, doesn't only sound desperate to win/get Paula Patton back, but, instead, a plea to fans not to forget him (it was released less than a year after his last album!)",1,1,"Jul 19, 2014"
2,"Earlier this year, Robin Thicke and his partner Paula Patton separated for certain reasons. In an attempt to 'Get Her Back' (see what I did there?) he decided to quickly and rather hastily write, record and release an album dedicated to his now ex-wife, hoping that she would fall back into his arms.
So does this album make its listeners feel for its creator?
(Sighs)
It seems the only one that may feel sympathy for Robin Thicke is Robin Thicke himself, because this album fails in many ways. Instead of trying to depict a man wanting the love of his life back, it feels like it is depicting a confident stalker who won't let go of the past - hoping to always get his way; it's unintentionally creepy and somewhat disturbing.
As stated prior, the album fails in many other aspects - such as having plenty of unintentionally hilarious moments, laughably bad lyrics, obnoxious backing vocals, repetitive songs that feel incredibly rushed and cheap and also having the feeling of it being much longer than what it really is. This album is embarrassing - the worst tracks being Black Tar Cloud, Something Bad and plenty of others, there isn't really a good or decent song on this album. The only things that this album has going for it is that it is rather bold, in a way that Thicke has the guts to make such an album and in a way that it does not really sound like the average sound that one would expect to hear on the radio, and Thicke's vocals are not necessarily bad, nor are they great.
Despite having good intentions, Robin Thicke's latest entry into his discography is dumb, pretentious, overlong, unintentionally creepy and laughably bad. Better luck next time buddy!",8,10,"Jul  1, 2014"
4,"It's a good album, but he could do it better. I just listen a man who's crying for a woman that don't want him anyway. All the beats sound the same, that make a homogenic album. Repeating, he could do it better.",11,15,"Jul  1, 2014"
3,"N vern e vitit t kaluar , Robin Thicke gjeti t re gjetur fam me linjat e paqart e cila u b nj kng t madhe t vers . Pavarsisht ksaj, albumi i tij ( i paqart Lines ) u b nj dshtim i madh pr nj shans pr t dal me rrjedh . Duket sikur muzika e tij nuk do t marr ndonj t mir n qoft se ai i bn kto vendime t kqija . Jo duke thn se ky album sht i dshpruar pr vmendje t zakonshm , por duke br nj album t tr t tr dedikuar pr ish - gruan tuaj ?! Un me t vrtet t ndjehen keq pr Paula . N vend t fituar at gjat me nj album t mbl jazz , kjo LP britmat u prpjekur t jet serioze . N vend t ksaj ajo sht e mbushur me tekst djath dhe instrumentale gjenerike . Edhe pse nuk sht nj prbrs nga kto albumit m plqen , sht vokal Robin -it . Ai ka lindur zrin e nj kngtari t vrtet jazz . N prgjithsi kjo sht ajo q ruan kt album nga t qenit nj dshtim i madh .
3/10",2,3,"Nov  9, 2014"
3,"How does Robin follow up his newfound success? With this unlikable trainwreck of a concept album about his celebrity ex-wife. He spends most of the time portraying himself as the hurt one in the relationship despite the reality of the situation, and when he doesn't he's either a slimy sex-crazed douchebag or seems to think using a bunch of dime a dozen 'wasn't there for you' cliches alone will make him not come off like the bad guy. And musically it's not much better, most songs never having any kind of personality beyond some assigned style or genre.
(If you wanna see me really tear this album apart, look up 'Spin It Reviews' on YouTube. Trust me, this was a fun one to make.)",1,2,"Jul  1, 2014"
2,"mostly the album comes off as laughable, but there will be a few moments where youll say 'this is nice.
overall you cant help but cringe at the lyrics, and its obvious this album was made quickly.",1,2,"Jul  2, 2014"
6,"um lbum bom, pois algo que foi feito com todo um lado pessoal do artista deveria ser levado como algo ''fora do comercial''. A sequncia em que foi colocada as msicas tambm ficou boa, porm as letras no so to interessantes e acho que msicas como '' Lock The Door'' e  '''Living In New York City'' no fazem nenhum sentido nesse lbum. Os instrumentais esto dignos, coisas super fora do que se toca hoje e o coral que se encontra em algumas faixas deu um ar gospel e isso pra mim foi o toque de ouro no lbum Paula.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2014"
8,"Let me just start by saying I'd be interesting to know how many users actually took the time to listen to this album before reviewing it.  Following up his popular 2013 album 'Blurred Lines'  Thicke has a lot to live up to, and he rises to the occasion.
'Paula' is a different sort of animal. It encapsulates none of the bright happiness that was a plenty in 'Blurred Lines', and that's just fine. Drawing from his recently failed marriage, Paula is full of heartache and longing with tortured lyrics that way heavy. Combine this with his soft falsetto or low drawl and you have a great R&B album.",0,3,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"Trey has done it again with this one.  What artists do you know who can make their sixth album their best one yet? Not many. For me every one of Treys albums has been better that the last and this is no exception.
The album has great production, vocals, and visual concepts. Everything has had lots of work put into it and it shows. His vocals really shine as always. His falsetto is perfected and this is no doubt the best vocals shown on any one of his albums. Its missing a few of the insane melodies and notes of Anticipation 2 but hey, its pretty hard to top Anticipation 2. (Maybe he will on Anticipation 3. Fingers crossed.)
All of the features are great. Yes,  even Justin Bieber (especially Justin Bieber) and Juicy J. Trey and Nicki together are always good and Mila Js voice compliments Treys perfectly. Ty Dolla Sign is probably the weakest feature but his part is short so it doesnt matter at all.
Out of all 20 tracks on the deluxe version, not a single one is bad. I particularly love the first track 'Cake' and the last track 'Sneaky' so the album starts and ends very well. I prefer the songs on the second half of the album as I get more of a classic Trey Songz vibe.
I could go into talking about all the different songs but this review is already getting long. It basically starts with the more up-tempo songs like Nana, Foreign, Touchin', Lovin', etc. But it gets really good halfway at Smartphones. The main subject and a recurring theme on the album is him cheating on his girl. It's nothing really new for him though. The way he sings it in smartphones will make it impossible for you to feel badly towards him!
SUMMARY: 20 tracks on the album, and every single one is great. No filler. While at the same time the album is a cohesive body of work and plays fluidly from track to track. Vocals are great as always and his voice is the best it has ever been, but to me he isnt singing the best that he can. Production is nice as well.  5/5.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2014"
8,"Trey Songz comes back 2 years after his last release with his sixth album Trigga.
At the first spin you can feel a different vibe compared to what you heard in his previous projects: the production on this album is the best weve heard in this genre in 2014.
Plus, the songs on Trigga are more energetic; dont expect slow-jams like Dive In or Love Faces, theres only a few of them on this album.
Some people from his old fan-base may not like it, but many listeners (me included) will appreciate this vibe.
Anyway, if you miss that Trey, there are ballads like SmartPhones and Mr. Steal Your Girl.
You probably already heard the DJ Mustard-produced track Na Na, perfect for clubs and radios.
Among the features theres a nice collab with Justin Bieber, in a remix that reinvents the single Foreign and it makes it one of the best songs on the album.
There are other guests such as Nicki Minaj on Touchin, Lovin, Ty Dolla $ign on Dead Wrong, Mila J on Disrespectful and Juicy J on the trap-influenced Late Night produced by Mike Will Made It.
The best production on Trigga is Y.A.S. which starts as a down-tempo for the first 3 minutes and then it switches to a mid-tempo. Its something you would expect to find in a Justin Timberlake project.
The lyrics on Trigga are sexually explicit, trademark of Treys discography. The main subject is Trey cheating on his girl.
This is undoubtedly one of the best releases in 2014, for what concerns R&B.
For more news and reviews check out The Next Tune on Facebook",0,0,"Aug 16, 2014"
9,"Less lo-fi and sketchy and more of the polished How To Dress Well project from Tom Krell. Either way, 'What Is This Heart?' is certainly one of the most beautiful Pop and Alternative R&B records to come out this year and on longer run!
As every album, every release with Tom Krell, he surrounds himself with shattered and heartfelt tunes. More than ever, dealing with heartbreak and capturing his own cloud filling atmosphere to sing around.
'What Is This Heart?' is like one trip to LA's Magic Mountain, it is intriguing, haunting but on another note dark, most vulnerable and alone yet leaving a listener strong thus it's surface.
Melodies brighter and heavier, less tentative and bolder and more of an accomplished piece of work for Krell's already brilliant but odd discography. The songs have taking a stretch, a new key to play as the orchestral beauty, depthful and hurt 'Pour Cyril' whom easily could had it's place on a Terrence Malick picture or any optional international drama film. And the six minute long of straightforward but heart-hitting, chopped love letter of 'Words I Don't Remember' that could aspire in awe an audience of young romance as depressing but joyous and living as movies like 'The Fault in Our Stars'.
Songs that were hanging as ideas and fast in and outs on earlier LPs, feel more complete on this new set of tracks.
Pop, but not populist - HTDW, in other words, to slight different context. Yes, it is more 'Pop' than material from say the groundbreaking debut 'Love Remains' that initially paved a way for new alternative/sub-genre up-comers (see; The Weeknd, Frank Ocean, Miguel, etc..). The R&B and darkness still lays it's part, though lighter on executes as 'Very Best Friend' it may bell in, which with title alone could be a hint to the 90s cut 'Best Friend' featured the late-songstress Aaliyah and musician Missy Elliott. But on this round, poppier and bouncy electronica with 'My very best friend..' through out the chorus I guess.
With artists mentioned as such Frank Ocean, who managed to find a spot in the mainstream without sacrificing the-ir definite of art, is it a matter of time just till we see Tom Krell and his outfit as How To Dress Well to dominance a role in the new wave of R&B (or, see PBR&B) he set a scene for and up-lifted in the late 2000s. Or is the sound behind too weird and bearing with his spooky vocals and falsetto?
None man can tell.
Still on the third album in, 'What Is This Heart?' delivers catchy and touching performances on top of striking instrumentals with many of this years best tracks (see; 'Face Again' an anguish Krell over a schizo lyrically and sonically race on distorted, heart-raising industrial production [singers take on Death Grips a la] through pure pain).
This is the underground but 'big-budget' record that varies from Wes Anderson's playful and sugar-sweet dialogue sequences to an end third of Tarantino's Django.
A must experience for 2014, an inspiring and influential experience that leave marks!",4,4,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"There comes a time every so often when you stumble upon something extraordinary. In this case, How To Dress Well's (aka Tom Krell's) third studio album exceeds any and all expectations put before it. From the twinkling piano opening of '2 Years On (Shame Dream)' to the soul-wrenching outbursts on 'Words I Don't Remember', Krell may have one of the most awe-inspiring albums of recent memory. It squeezes itself among other emotional releases like Bon Iver's For Emma, Forever Ago and James Blake's Overgrown, revealing the innermost feelings of a haunted man.
Dealing with love and the heartbreak that comes with it, How To Dress Well blows any other wannabe R&B artists out of the water. He crushes every track, offering a sharp and poignant interpretation of his emotions. Whether it be by screaming 'I don't even know what's best for me' on 'Face Again' or wanting more time with those he loves on 'Precious Love', there is no limit to Krell's capabilities. To other artists such as Sam Smith who doesn't quite have love songs figured out, take some pointers from How To Dress Well.",1,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
8,"This is, in my opinion, his best album yet. It has more emotion and more flair. The music is subtle, creating a beautiful contrast with the strong lyrics.
There are many tracks here that I enjoyed, but I think my favorites would be What You Wanted, Childhood Faith in Love, and Very Best Friend.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2014"
8,"Tom Krell          .     80-      ,    .",0,0,"Jul  7, 2014"
3,"I don't know about J.Lo's new album and it's kinda sending the wrong message whether it's the same old dance songs or just not enough flavor to bring back her roots as a phenomenal singer in her early days at her signature record company, Epic Records. A.K.A just finally put the nail in the coffin as one of the worst albums of 2014. I listened to the album and it wasn't that even close to greatness. The song choices were disappointing, the artwork is horrible, her new album may be compared to Mariah Carey's ill-fated flop 'Glitter' along with its crappy soundtrack. Look, some of these great artists haven't even get a chance. Britney Spears 'Britney Jean,' 50 Cent 'Animal Ambition,' Will.I.Am's '#Willpower' all have failed. People have been getting old with their success as their albums begin to dwindle on the charts and everything is looking for some new and upcoming acts to follow. Lopez way past her prime but A.K.A should be the end of her music career",2,2,"Jun 26, 2014"
4,"Amiga, no tem como te defender, em ''A.K.A.'' voc comea dizendo que  no  a mesma garota e termina em ''Same Girl'' dizendo que sempre foi a mesma.  A primeira faixa do lbum, conta com o rap morno e totalmente sem graa do T.I., passamos pra ''First Love'' que consegue mesmo que boring, ser melhor que a primeira faixa, talvez por ser uma faixa melhor produzida, but com uma letra totalmente whatever sobre um boy que ela conheceu e acreditava que se tivesse conhecido antes, no teria perdido tanto tempo. em ''Never Satisfied'', JLo acaba contando que no dorme a noite porque tem um grande apetite, ou seja, tirem o frigobar do quarto dela!
''I Luh Ya Papi'' faz valer a pena dentro do lbum, e JLo que j fez excelentes msicas para as pistas como ''On The Floor'' e ''Waiting For Tonight'', consegue com ''ILYP'' nos dar um nimo pra continuar ouvindo esse lbum e fazendo um dos melhores singles lanados em 2014.
A boa sensao de ''I Luh Ya Papi''  deixada pra trs logo quando batemos de frente com as totalmente esquecveis ''Acting Like That'', que talvez consegue ser um pouco mais interessante por trazer Iggy Azalea, ''So Good'' e ''Emotions'', a ltima talvez chamando ateno pelo fraco lirismo assinado pelo Chris Brown, sem nenhuma emoo alm do ttulo da msica, a faixa soa totalmente fake e sem graa.
''Let It Be Mine'' vem com uma vibe totalmente latina e consegue ser boa, ponto pra JLo! Talvez no fim ela at consiga manter uma certa regularidade com ''Worry No More'', ''Tens'' e ''Troubeaux'', mesmo que sendo totalmente sem criatividade, quando nos deparamos com uma faixa chamada ''Booty'' e com um rap do Pitbull que s consegue ser mais previsvel do que uma colaborao de ambos.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2014"
2,"J.Lo edhe nj her nuk arrin t bj nj album mbreslnse pr kritikt apo tifozve , me prjashtim t perl ' Dashuria e par ' Un nuk do t gjeni asgj t mir duke filluar nga baladat paarsyeshme dhe boatloads e artistve duke shfaqur me mezi ndonj rrjedhs t mbaj ato me . Jenny , un mendoj se kjo sht koha juaj pr t ln industrin e muziks pr t mir ! 2/10 :(",1,1,"Aug 29, 2014"
6,"Jlo for me is more of a singles artist, you like all the singles they release but the album themselves are sometimes just meh. A.K.A. changes that, although I only enjoy half of the album, the songs that I enjoy are great songs. The problem with this album is there are some amazing songs but also some really crappy songs. Lopez has stepped up her game somewhat.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2014"
0,"Que lbum horrvel ainda bem que no hitou, msicas horrveis Sorry Jennifer voc ja foi melhor pior lbum e ainda tem gente que diz que ela  melhor que a Shakira que tem todas notas verdes",1,1,"Feb  2, 2015"
5,"Track by track review:
1. A.K.A. 9.5/10
2. First Love 10/10
3. Never Satisfied 7/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 0.5/10
5. Acting Like That 1.5/10
6. Emotions 5.5/10
7. So Good 9.5/10
8. Let It Be Me 0.5/10
9. Worry No More (feat. Rick Ross) 10/10
10. Booty (feat. Pitbull) 2/10
Highlight: First Love
Potential singles: First Love, Booty, A.K.A.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2015"
3,"A.K.A
A.K.A (4/10)
First Love (8/10)
Never Satisfied (4/10)
I Luh Ya Papi (2/10)
Acting Like That (1/10)
Emotions (6/10)
So Good (2/10)
Let It Be Me (7/10)
Worry No More (1/10)
Booty (1/10)
um lbum descartvel, composies podres a nica coisa que demonstra um pouco de interesse nesse lbum so alguns instrumentais",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
0,"Simplesmente o pior lbum de sua carreira, Jennifer parece que perdeu o gosto da msica e ta se jogando muito as farofadas e isso t prejudicando muito sua carreira",1,1,"May 24, 2016"
10,"I was sceptical about this release but it blew my mind and i have had it on repeat since i first purchased it! Dope album with monster hits! well done Jlo !",6,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"There's nothing I can say that can translate how good this album is. Just listen to it. Give it a chance. My favorites are Never Satisfied, Let It Be Me, I Luh Ya Papi, Booty, A.K.A. and Expertease.",4,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Can we all just get over ourselves and just stop bashing JLO. Acknowledge the fact that this is her best album ever since 'This is me....Then'. I mean sure the lyrics aren't her all-time best and her voice is quite auto-tuned, but I am so satisfied with her return to the R&B she was known for. The songs are so catchy and so much better than the ones from 'Love?'. This album is probably the summer album I was waiting for all along; something I can blast in my car with all the windows down. The problem with JLO's music and music in general is the fact that people let the actions of the musician influence their opinion greatly. Music is music and although the person making it aims to define herself/himself in a particular way, you shouldn't let that get in the way of how you perceive and enjoy the music. JLO has created something fun and  immensely entertaining, and that's what music should be about. This is an epic album.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"After the EDM experience with 'LOVE?' album, Jennifer Lopez returns to her urban roots on 'A.K.A.'.  Differently of her previous studio work, 'A.K.A.' presents a mature Lopez in a sophisticated and modern sound. Despite songs as 'Emotions' and 'Never Satisfed', that would fit better in a deluxe edition of the album, 'A.K.A.' has all the necessary elements to please her fans and public. The titled track opens the record in a infectious beat while Lopez sings followed by T.I.s verse, showing a Jenny from the Block who fans and people wanted back. The record also represents great and well produced R&B jams as'Acting Like That' and 'Worry no More', along with summer-ish pop pleasures as 'So Good' and 'Expertease'. The highlighs are due to 'Let It Be Me', a kind of spanish guitar and latin influenced ballad with a beautiful melodie and vocals never explored before from Lopez; 'Troubeaux', a track which reminds the great hip hop classics from 90s full of quality and a great old sample behind it; and 'TENS',  where a totally difrferent J-Lo offers a gay-oriented club banger and promising dance hit. On her 10th album, Lopez definitely joins a bit of all her past works, in a surprising pleasant music journey.",7,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Her most  Inspirational album since the best one this is me ... then.  I'm bowing down to the most inspiring, hardworking and accomplished women i know. its a masterpiece in this trashy pop industry.",10,13,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is the most pleasant musical surprise i had all year!
Lopez after serving dance anthems like 'On the floor' and 'Dance again' returns with an album that dares to risk but also keep every element that made JLo successful in the first place! First of all it's an All-Stars effort and it shows! With producers like Detail, DJMustard, Max martin, Roccstar, Diplo, Harmony etc and featuring artists like T.I. , Iggy Azalea, Rick Ross, Nas and Ptibull the album just 'screams' quality! Even Sia penned the excellent 'Expertease'! It is a mix of RnB / Hip Hop and Pop elements but very cohesive as a whole and with great flow.
The opening track is 'A.K.A.' where she declares how she can be many things and she closes the album (the deluxe version) with 'Same Girl' in which she says that despite all this she is still the same girl. It just comes full circle in a way and it shows. From hard RnB tracks like 'Worry no more' and 'Acting like that' to pop masterpieces like 'First Love' and 'Expertease' and from timeless ballads like 'Let it be me' and 'Never Satisfied' to uptempo bangers like 'Booty' and 'Tens' Lopez shows real artistic growth and will for experimenting!
Personal highlights:
- Booty (a monster urban club banger!)
- Let it be me (a gorgeous stripped down ballad)
- First love (a Max Martin pop masterpiece)
- Acting like that (the hardcore Iggy duet)
- So good (the best feel good production i've heard in a while)",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is great, she proves that she can sing, and she has talent, I class in the Top 3 of my favorite albums of JLo. I love it ! ''Let It Be Me'' is amazing, her voice is very beautiful, it's an album for all tastes.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. Every song has something that keeps you wanting play it more and more. Album has so many genres so everyone can find something for himself. Lyrically she did a great job!",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"great urban album, with unfluences of all her albums. a very personal and mature record, with emotionals and sexy moments. maybe her best album. buy it now! you won't be disappointed",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album so far. The album has a genuine Urban sound mixed with pop and well used synths. JLo delivers beats over beats in an album that you will probably not skip one single song.",6,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is probably her best album to date. Every track is solid and it has great consistency all the way through. Applaud to JLo for making an album I can listen to all the way from beginning to end!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,": Flawless production. It's one of these songs that you really want to play it again and again. I find T.I.'s verse a little bit boring! First Love: Still love this, but I feel like it loses the shine in all these R&B masterpieces. Never Satisfied: Amazing song, but I still love live version better with lower tone! I Luh Ya Papi: I luh this song. Acting Like That: I **** love the lyrics of this song. Sick production and the idea for Iggy involving was really brilliant! Emotions: I think it's one of the best song of this album. Maybe her vocals sound too weak but I'm in love with the melody of the song. I closed my eyes when it started. The bridge is just A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! So Good: And, yas! Jenny from the block is here. I feel like J.Lo of 'This Is Me... Then' is back! It's SO GOOD! Let It Be Me: 'Brave', 'Como Ama una Mujer' and 'Rebirth' to a song. It would be easily one J.Lo classic song. I'm really slayed with the lyrics! Oh, my... this song is incredible! Her vocals >>> Worry No More: Perfect production. No need to say anything else. I just wanted a great bridge to be perfect! Booty: One of the catchiest songs from throughout her career. It can be her next 'On the Floor'. Tens: Work, **** Slayage. Icon. Pure perfection. AMAZING, SICK SONG! Troubeaux: It gives me 'Problem' teas and some sound of 80's/90's! The lyrics of Nas' part are just out of this world. haha Expertease: I love Sia's work for this song! For some reason I find this GREAT. Same Girl: Wait, they really butchered this. French's part needed a new production. Plus his backing vocals are too annoying. It sounded great at concerts. Finally, it would be great if they kept the solo version.",3,4,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"Jennifer Lopez never disappoints. And definitely lives up to being an Icon which was the award she won at the Billboards. This album is a must have. And EXTREMELY UNDERRATED. Don't listen to these reviews you will love it!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Really good album! It will please all the fans from JLo. The urban lovers have A.K.A., Acting Like That and a good old school track 'So Good' which is the perfect genre for JLo. She doesn't forget her dance fans with the infectious party anthem BOOTY which has to be a hit this summer! I really like First Love and Expertease which are great pop tracks with a good production. TENS is a stand out track because it's very different, I like it a lot! This album is clearly a grower and you need to listen it a lot to like the work JLo put into!",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"her best album yet!!!! its so good and you can really feel she put herself really into it,it has beautiful ballads,r&b songs and more! its just a masterpiece",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"In Jennifer Lopez 8th studio you will listen everything that made the Latina superstar become a music sensation 15 years ago. Jennifer Lopez delivers effortless pop songs and Hip Hop influenced tracks with heavy production that shows perfectly the album itself - it's a heavy album, with club bangers, sometimes it sounds aggressive, but it pleases and touches deeply in ballads such as 'Let It Be Me'.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This album suprised me so much. Jennifer went back to her urban roots but managed to still satisfy anyone's taste, whether it is pop, latin, hip hop, dance, r'n'b, it's a masterpiece that conatins an amazing mix of all these music types. Qhoever loved the hit 'ont he floor' will love 'booty'. What I like about the album the most that songs like booty or tens are made with humor. don't be so serious, let's have fun and just dance. on the other hand, ballads like emotions or let it be me gets you goosies and makes you even tear up. I love this album, it's not just a must have for the J.o Fancollection, but also a must have for everyone to know about the tough grown up Jennifer.",5,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I was very sceptical before I listened to this album. I distanced myself from Jennifer Lopez due to her music becoming bad. By bad I mean too EDM. Secondly her personal 'love' life.
But finally she let go of all the bad things that made her bad. Jennifer Lopez is back. She is indeed the same girl she used to be at the beginning (JLo, This is me... then, Rebirth). Her music is better than ever. This album proves that Jennifer Lopez has good taste when it comes to collaborations and that R&B and Hip Hop is the perfect genre for this Latina. Only from listening to the tracks on this album you can see her moving and dancing in her very own unique style. It's just this whole JLO persona that shines through with this album.",7,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her Masterpiece. There are so many great songs in this album, beautiful ballad (Let It Be Me), super catchy dance track (Booty). One of my favorite album of the year.",6,9,"Jun 17, 2014"
8,"Her best one since 'This is me.. then'. More RnB and less EDM. The only awfull song features Pitbull (surprise...). Good songs: A.K.A, First Love and Acting like that (feat. Iggy Azalea)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is one of the best albums J.Lo has released. It has some great production and it's kind of a throwback to her old R&B/urban sound. She did a great job. I'm crying with 'Let It Be Me', this is so beautiful.",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"I've been a big fan of Jen's for years now and this has become my favorite album out of them all! I love mostly every track, they're all so diverse from ballads like the amazing 'Let It Be Me' to up-tempos like 'Booty'! Don't listen to the haters, Jen is the hardest working entertainer in the business and deserves more acclaim! I'm sure there is a little bit of everything for everyone! The only song I dislike is Worry No More, everything else is so unique! :)",4,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"I never wanted to give this album a zero. While listening to the record, I was waiting for that moment where one -Just ONE- impressive song would come up and explode and make me like the album.. But unfortunately that moment never came. Since when does T.I. outshine anybody with his sucking rap? Well he surely outshines JLo on the title track. Since when does Lopez reach out for fillers like Rick Ross or French Montana to make songs with them? Why isn't 'Booty' nearly as half as good as the Pitbull-assisted 'On The Floor' or 'Live It Up'? This album feels so rushed and irritating. Sorry JLo, this whole record is a miss. A big one. 0. NOTHING.",2,3,"Jul 19, 2014"
10,"It is a good album, definitely better than Love?. She went back to urban and that exactly what I have wanted for years.
My favorite are: First Love, Acting Like That, So Good, Let It be Me, Emotions, Booty, Tens, Worry No More",2,3,"Jun 19, 2014"
0,"Her worst album, without a doubt, I would give a 3 stars for the best music (I Luh Ya Papi?).
The rappers are bad, the songs doesn't take advantage of J. Lo great voice.
The beats and lyrics are uninspired, even songs like Booty and Ten, which are supposed to be dancing, gets boring when it comes to the chorus.
Anyone who gives this a 10 score is just overrating it.",2,3,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"Oh God I can't believe this is jlo!!!!! I'm not a big fan of her music but one of my best friends is. She gifted me this album and I was shocked,really. She has improved a lot. I still can't believe she can deliver such a great track as LET IT BE ME. her voice is just amazing on that track. And this album is the one that you just need two time to listen and then most of the songs grow on you. She has a track called EMOTIONS that when I first listen to it I was like no wth is this?! But on second attempt ITS NOW MY FAVE TRACK. all in all I equal this as rihanna's RATED R . Really great and mature.",5,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"A.K.A. is Jennifer's most solid work since This Is Me...Then released back in 2002. This album marks Lopez's return to her R&B, soul, hip-hop roots with a little bit of pop. Great melodies, exquisite production from Roccstar, Detail and her long time producer Cory Rooney. A.K.A. is a perfect blend of TIM...T and Rebirth. Album flows smoothly, starting from the title track, an R&B/hip-hop smash and ending with classic JLo sound on 'Same Girl' feat. guest star French Montana. Beautiful ballads like 'Emotions' and 'Let It Be Me' show Lopez's voice at its best. The album most controversial track because of its title 'Booty' can a a hot summer smash if released.",6,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is her best album yet; has great songs like Expertease, A.K.A., Let It Be Mine and others. You can feel JLo's musically grown. This is great album.",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"The best album of 2014 and her best from her whole discography!! It really can make a person fan of hers.
MUST LISTEN:
Acting Like That (Feat. Iggy Azalea)
So Good
Let It Be Me
Booty",3,5,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"JLo is reinventing herself constantly and when you think she's not in a place to push herself further she releases this amazing album. She has finally stepped out her comfort zone of bubble gum pop songs. Songs like Booty or Worry No More or Acting Like That just show off what she can do that you didn't know you were even expecting. Highly recommended.",4,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Honestly, I was very surprised when I heard the snippets on iTunes. I expected another dance, EDM, RedOne cheezy produced album, but after downloading it I was even more surprised. The production is amazing, sounds expensive, beats go hard, melodies and lyrics are stunning (minus Emotions and I Luh Ya Papi). Jennifer vocals improved a lot, and she proves it in a Grammy worthy ballad Let It Be Me. This is an old school JLo (Rebirth, This is me then) with a modern twist, more agressive attitude and so much emotion. Welcome back, Jenny, we missed you!",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
9,"Jennifer Lopez has done it all. From Dancing to Movies, To fashioning and Music. After 15 years of music, Lopez delivers her most complex and interesting album to date. Although the album will no please new listeners, it's clearly an accomplishment for JLo standards and will definitely receive heavy rotation on her fans music players.
The album has a nostalgic feel and a few jams: Songs that on purpose reminisce her old hits.
The biggest highlight on the album is the Diplo
Assisted track 'Booty', with an infamous beat that will take days to get out of your head.",3,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
6,"A.K.A. Es el septimo album de Jennifer Lopez,el cual tiene puntos fuertes como  First Love (bombazo pop, producido por Max Martin) o So Good (cancion pegadiza que explora nuevos sonidos para JLo) y puntos bajos con canciones insignificantes como Worry No More o Acting Like That (junto con la talentosisima Iggy Azalea).",2,4,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"O lbum tem a melhor balada feita desde Can't Believe (This Is Me) j vale cada centavo que voc pagar. Jennifer fez um lbum que  literalmente sua cara. Destaques para Let It Be Me, A.K.A, e Booty",1,2,"Jun 18, 2014"
10,"I love this album! I've always been a big JLO album and this album did not dissapoint. It's full of really fun songs and good ballads. I think it's one of the best releases this year and one of her best albums.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
7,"A few 'flop' moments however the overall album is quite good with the strong tracks overcoming the weak ones. Did dislike the remix of 'Same Girl'. The original track is better..",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Easily the best work from J.Lo since This Is Me... Then. THIS is what the fans want - Urban J.Lo is back. The only disappointment is Never Satisfied - the live version was way better, and Same Girl remix - French Montana totally ruined the song. But other flawless tracks make up for that.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
10,"Wow, this album is truly amazing and Jennifer really shows her artistic and vocal growth, i will never understand the hatred some have for this woman and by the looks of it reviewers didnt even listen to the album, in my opinion she is one of the most talented entertainers of our time. Highly recommend AKA, especially to the urban audience.",1,2,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"A.K.A. no  um lbum ruim, mas tambm no  o mximo. Jennifer conseguiu fazer um album diferente dos seus anteriores, que tinham musicas somente feitas para vender. Mas mesmo assim, Jennifer erra em algumas msicas, como nas letras. Ainda assim  um album bom de se ouvir. As melhores so a faixa ttulo, Let It Be Me, balada com vocais muito bons de Jennifer, e Booty, surpreendentemente boa. No se esperava muita coisa por parte de Pirbull e Jlo!",1,2,"Sep  8, 2014"
0,"Jennifer Lopez's glory days are over. Her songs are getting lavish and her videos are getting boring also her career is failing and she should start investing her money cause her JLO act is about to die.",1,2,"Feb  5, 2015"
0,"If you enjoy visiting the dentist and the sensation of getting your head drilled into, then this is the album for you. Seriously, don't buy this album or any songs off of it. You will seriously regret it.",3,8,"Jun 17, 2014"
1,"Uninspired album. There's no real cohesion or sense to it. She used the same old formula that she used for JLO or and this is me then, the new twist, she had to include her knowledge in men, to make the gay community to buy her album. 'TENS' or  'I Luh You Puppy''.
Jennifer is not inventing anything, just serve a reheated old JLO stuff made at the 2000 and late sauce.
Good point it's not heavy CLUB PoP oriented. We can't say EDM cause she never really was an EDM artist.",5,15,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's so Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible  Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible this album.",2,6,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Great album! One of the bests from JLo. This time she gave us more urban/rnb songs, but still we have a bit of pop and dance. Production on this album is absolutely the best and Jen is out-singing herself in a beautiful ballad called Let It Be Me. Welcome back, JLo !",1,3,"Jun 18, 2014"
0,"Jennifer has not been the same since 2003.  Her songs are all odes to her previous work.  Nothing is new.  Well, except her actually trying to song.  Her voice is way too shrill to attempt any type of ballads.  I must say though.. you can always count on Jenny to hop on the latest bandwagon that's for sure!",3,10,"Jun 17, 2014"
3,"I tried to like her new album, but it was not what I thought. Ridiculous lyrics, melodies only helped hide the logic.
'I feel so good, 'cause i don't feel bad' WTF, we know you to be happy, but why write that ****
One thing also, the album has so many interests, nor does it seem the main artist of his own album.
To not give 0, I give this note.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"It's a trash,it's a sucks for it seems incredible partnerships on the album are better than herself.The lyrics of songs are entirely infant,none of the songs on this album have chances of being a hit.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
0,"Is the worst album I've ever heard in this year,in this record jennifer lopez shows up insecure and who still needs to find a place in the music industry.Contrary to what people say she is not a diva.",2,7,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Best album from J Lo! So many great club smashers, jenny from the block anthems, and slow love songs. Loved every single song! My reccomendations are Worry No More, A.K.A, I Luh Ya Papi, First Love, and Booty. Had a lot of fun with the album!",0,1,"Jul 13, 2014"
8,"I love that her album has eclectic mix of urban, R&B, Hip-Hop and Dance. This is her better album than 2011's 'Love?'. And her vocals are better although a bit weak at times but that's not a problem when the production's tight. Buy this album and you won't be disappointed...",0,1,"Jun 19, 2014"
5,"Entender o motivo de a Jennifer Lopez ser uma das maiores celebridades na atualidade deve ser difcil para quem no acompanhou a carreira dela desde o comeo. Ainda mais complicado para quem a considera uma cantora e atriz, no mximo, mediana com pontos altos, baixos e alguns baixssimos em ambas as carreiras. Analisando friamente a trajetria de J.Lo se checa a concluso de que so trs os fatores para compreender o sucesso dela: carisma, 'tino' para os negcios e, o mais importante, a capacidade para ser uma verdadeira 'entertainment woman'.
Para quem j viu alguma entrevista ou at mesmo a atuao de Jennifer no American Idol saber que ela passa uma atmosfera extremamente brilhante esbanjando carisma capaz de transcender a cmera chegando ao pblico. Ajuda muito que aos 44 anos de idade, J.Lo ainda ser uma das celebridades mais belas da atualidade. Ao longo dos anos, a filha de porto-riquenhos construiu um verdadeiro imprio com a ajuda de bem sucedidas linhas de roupas, perfumes, uma produtora de filmes e sries e o endossamento de vrios outros produtos. Porm, o grande trunfo de J.Lo  ser uma das melhores performances que h no mercado. Vocs nem precisam gostar dela como cantora, mas tem que admitir que quando ela faz uma apresentao no h comparao para quase ningum. Danarina experiente (e como dana!), Jenny domina o palco de maneira poderosa e, vrias vezes, magistralmente deixando no chinelo todas as novas divas do pop. Ento, mesmo com o fracasso anunciado de seu novo lbum, vocs realmente acham que a Jennifer est assim to preocupada com o flop? E, olha, que A.K.A. nem  um trabalho to horrvel como esto falando por a.  apenas bem mediano.
Tentando restabelecer seu sucesso comercial e ao mesmo tempo voltar para suas razes mais hip hop e R&B, Jennifer Lopez conta a produo de alguns nomes que esto crescendo no meio como Youngblood e velhos conhecidos como Benny Mendina e Cory Rooney. Infelizmente, mesmo delimitando sua sonoridade, o resultado final de A.K.A.  uma coleo inconsistente e, em vrios momentos, fracos de canes que no ajudam a cantora a reerguer sua carreira. O problema no est na sonoridade, mas em como essas msicas so produzidas. Muitas faixas aqui (e olha que o lbum s tem 14 msicas em sua verso deluxe) parecem estar apenas para encher o lbum enquanto as faixas boas no chegam ao ponto de serem realmente boas. Nunca conhecida pela qualidade das composies que canta, Jennifer Lopez est cercada novamente de letras de cunho questionvel e qualidade bem mediana, agravado pelo fato que em vrios momentos elas nem ao menos so comerciais como  o caso de Acting Like That em que  se perde a oportunidade de usar a artista do momento (a rapper Iggy Azalea) para fazer um possvel hit, mas que acaba como uma cano fraqussima e bem sem graa. O mais interessante, porm,  que o melhor quesito de A.K.A. so as performances de Jennifer. Sempre criticada como cantora, por causa da sua voz pequena, J.Lo mostra uma evoluo grande ao mostrar solidez e classe, principalmente, em momentos mais romnticos como  o caso da surpreendente boa Let It Be Me. O mais incrvel  notar que a melhor msica do lbum vem de outra parceria com o rapper Pitbull: a divertida Booty, a nica com potencial verdadeiro de ser um hit comercial. Outros bons momentos so o single First Love, a divertida I Luh Ya Papi e a danante Tens. Mesmo com o fracasso de A.K.A. no duvide da capacidade de reerguer-se e reinventar-se da Jennifer Lopez. Afinal, a msica  apenas um dos apndices de sua carreira.",0,1,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"It's great. Her vocals, songs, lyrics. Lyrics are written subtle.  It's mix of R&B, pop and hip-hop. The balance is great like always J.Lo does. Screw the critics. At least Billboard knows what to do. Best album of 2014.",0,2,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"Great songs, great lyrics, great vocals, great emotions, overall a great album with great music. i highly recommend this album to all of Jennifers fans and haters.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"not a fan but i do believe that this is one cohesive album that contains alot of lyrics that anyone can relate!! One of the albums that really shows how JLO has grown as an artist and a vocalist!!! the album is full of emotional ballads and pure RnB pop and club bangers!!! Buy the album it will not disappoint!! it flows easily throughout its entirety and you just flow with it!!!! amazing songs and electrifiying beats!!!! A.K.A Is amazing!!!! I am not a fan nor a stan of jennifer lopez but i might just become one!!!",0,1,"Jun 23, 2014"
10,"I Love Jennifer Lopez, i love her upcoming album, she's a complete artist, and she loves her fans so much. She works for her fans, not for charts. I prefer JLo floping and continue giving attention to her fans, no putting albums and singles on #1 ever, and forgetting the importance that fans have for her. She need not criticize people or swear, singing indirect in music to succeed. She don't need Grammy, only her fortune worth any rough indication of Grammy.",0,1,"Jun 27, 2014"
9,"The negative reviews just seem to be people that don't like Jennifer Lopez at all, so they cannot fairly rate this CD when they are biased from the gate.  I am a big fan of Jennifer Lopez, but I can honestly say she has had bad CD's, for example Brave and This is me...Then.  They had a couple of hits, but the rest of the CD was *yawn*... boring.  However, I honestly like this new CD A.K.A.  A lot of these songs have got stuck in my head, they are that catchy.  There is variety, and the songs have Jennifer Lopez showing her vocal range.  There is one ridiculous song though that I skip right over, track 11, something about a runway, it is SO weird.  Everything else though, is awesome.  And people need to stop hating because she has to adjust her style to the latest trends, DUH, that is just common sense to keep up with trends.",0,1,"Aug  3, 2014"
8,"Pra min que no sou f nato da JLO, gostei bastante desse lbum, em comparao com os outros acho ele superior, porm ele tambm possudos msicas meio mais do mesmo.
As preferidas: Same Girl, Worry No Morre, Emotions
e So Good",0,1,"Mar 26, 2015"
2,"Es Bueno, pero no tiene calidad, los ritmos son sosos, muchas colaboraciones innecesarias, canciones aburridas, y ademas un fracaso comercial... Hay JLo Hay que mejorar",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
7,"I have to say J.LO really surprised me with this album. It has A good beat and it is very well Produced. The vocals may be not the best but still a great album. I am very disappointed that this album did not do well with the charts or sales. I recommend people to listen to this album especially if they like Pop/R&B Songs
My score:
1. A.K.A. 8/10
2.First Love 9/10
3. Never Satisfied 6/10
4. I Luh Ya Papi 5/10
5. Acting Like That 5/10
6. Emotions 7/10
7. So Good 7/10
8. Let It Be Me 8/10
9. Worry No More  7/10
10. Booty 7/10
11. Tens 8/10
12. Troubeaux 7/10
13. Expertease (Ready set go) 8/10
14. Same girl 7/10
overall:70.7",0,0,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"This is Mariah's best effort since Butterfly. I think this album has more feeling than TEOM, it's deeper and more personal, the lyrics are more mature and intelligent. This album can be classified as one of the masterpieces such as Daydream, Butterfly and The Emancipation Of Mimi. My personal favorite songs are Make It Look Good, You Don't Know What To Do, Cry, Camouflage, #Beautiful, Meteorite, The Art Of Letting Go, Dedicated and Faded (basically the whole album lol). All of these songs have such amazing lyrics and melodies, Mariah and the producers really did a fine job, most of them are feel good tracks that everybody can relate to and enjoy.",2,2,"Jun 15, 2014"
10,"This is definitely Mariah's strongest work since The Emancipation Of Mimi. The album has some great R&B and pop vibes that just ooze single potential. Me. I Am Mariah had the potential to be a huge commercial success but the wrong singles were chosen. For example, The Art Of Letting Go is a beautiful song but was just not a good single choice. Songs such as You Don't Know What To Do, Thirsty and Faded were snubbed. Definitely give the album a go as it's one of her most solid to date!",1,1,"Mar  9, 2016"
7,"Great improvement form her past album MOAIA. This is the R&B that we are used to listen from her, very good lyrics with outstanding vocals. I am not giving this a 10 because there is no evolution, she keeps doing the same style without a more modern kind of R&B and Pop. The best songs that I can recommend are Supernatural, Meteorite, You Don't Know What To Do, Dedicated, Make It Look Good and the first single, #Beautiful.",6,7,"May 27, 2014"
10,"I was not expecting such a good CD. Mariah usually comes with good material, but this time she delivered one of her best works ever. With the exception of 'You're Mine', the album is cohesive and fresh. The collaboration with Nas, 'Dedicated', is definitely a highlight. Also, her cover of George Michael's 'One More Try' is a standout track. Can't picture myself not listening to this CD for a while.",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"this is incredible. the album's two unabashedly uptempo ditties are also the forums for Mariah's most serious-minded performances, galaxies away from 'loving you long time.' 'You Don't Know What to Do' is a stunning tribute to the soul-shouting piano gospel of Jocelyn Brown's 'Somebody Else's Guy,' with swirling disco swings turning Mariah herself into the calm, confident eye of a disco hurricane.",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Wow. What an album. Mariah is back and the album is pure Mariah. Amazing vocals, amazing use of  featured guests and amazing  production. Stand out tracks : Faded,  you're Mine, meteorite,  beautiful, you don't know what to do, thirsty, heavenly to name a few. This album reiterates why Mariah is the top selling and most successful female artist of all time. A+",4,5,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Back in true form! Mariah is singing like she has not sung since 'Butterfly' This album is very reminiscent of that album and I am so excited to listen to this album over and over.
Stand Out Tracks: Meteorite, Thirsty",7,9,"May 27, 2014"
9,"Nostalgia plays a huge theme in Mariah Careys 14th studio album Me. I Am Mariah.. The Elusive Chanteuse. Conclusively, an album that perfectly embodies her musicality and artistry that doesnt feel slightly trendy yet aptly timeless. When the pop landscape has been nothing but fickle and unforgiving, Mariah finally let go of chasing the trend and fully realized how musically shes trailblazed and paved the way for a lot of what the genre has become and even inspired the female front runners of this current era.
Starting the album with a ballad that seemingly would fit right from her debut album back in 1990; Cry. sets the mood and the trip to nostalgia carry on for the next several tracks: Faded, Supernatural & Dedicated are midtempo jams that couldve find its way in her more current releases- E=MC2 or Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel. In addition, anyone who is familiar with her more complex work would be glad to find a piece of Butterfly in the 90s house-inspired Meteorite. And staying true to its theme, the Stevie Wonder surprise cameo Make It Look Good, we find Mariah relentlessly reminding us that no one can beat her in her own game.
Whether trying to subtly reference her previous work or not, Chanteuse perfectly and meticulously fuses the classic and the current effortlessly. Taking a hint from last years #Beautiful, throwback summer anthem has never been guilt-free in You Dont Know What To Do. And predictably, a Mariah Carey album wont be complete without a classic cover but this time she ante up several notches above with a George Michael classic One More Try where her vocal pyrotechnics are on full display. Moreover, the main highlight of Chanteuse is where Carey gets to shine both vocally and lyrically, in tracks like Camouflage and Heavenly, shes no longer taking the punches and instead, comes undone that both feels hauntingly beautiful and inspiring all at the same time. Me. I Am Mariah might have signaled some serious signs of narcissism but in all actuality, its just a body of work of a superstar who has confidently fully realized her place in pop music history, where only a few gets to pioneer and revolutionize.",6,8,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Aps 5 anos reclusa, Mariah nos traz um lbum muito bem trabalhado e maduro, todo o tempo em que Mariah ficou-se a experimentar e testar o gosto dos fs e do seu pblico serviu e muito para que ela desde ''Triumphant'', msica pouco ousada e diferente dos seus trabalhos anteriores, voltasse e comeasse do zero a refazer esse disco que pelos fs tinha outro nome,''The Art of Letting Go''.
Mariah acertou em cheio apostando em ''#Beautiful'', que divide os vocais com Miguel e a faixa acabou se tornando o hit do vero de 2013, uma faixa que soa contempornea e tambm retr. ''Cry.''  uma balada bem construda e um comeo excelente e calmo para o disco, ''Faded'' traz o melhor de ''Don't Forget About Us'' e ''We Belong Together'', com produo de Make Will Made It (''Body Party'', ''Kisses Down Low'', ''We Can't Stop''). Outros destaques so ''Supernatural'' onde a Mariah divide os vocais com seus filhos, ''Meteorite'' que tambm  mais uma das faixas retr do disco e com uma pegada que j foi crescente em dcadas passadas. ''You Don't Know What to Do'' nos traz uma pegada disco/funk e uma sonoridade j conhecida em lbuns como ''Glitter (2001)'', a faixa passaria despercebida se no fosse cativante, tivesse uma participao bem empregada do rapper Wale, participaes infladas e desnecessrias que foram erros um pouco frequentes em sua trilha sonora de 2001 e em ''Triumphant'', onde Mariah parecia apenas a convidada. ''Make It Look Good'' traz uma gaita de Stevie Wonder e uma estrutura que consegue abater qualquer possvel monotonia da faixa e a deixa harmoniosa do comeo ao fim. ''You're Mine (Eternal)'' que  o single de divulgao do disco, dentro deste consegue ter mais liberdade e soar menos aucarada. ''Dedicated'' traz a participao de Nas e ''Money'' com Fabolous vem na misso de ser uma nova ''Honey''. ''One More Try'' que  um cover de George Michael, consegue ter imposta toda a personalidade musical de Mariah e ter uma interpretao muito melhor que sua prima mais prxima ''I Want To Know What Love Is'', cover do ''Memoirs of An Imperfect Angel'' (2009). O disco encerra com ''Heavenly'', uma faixa gospel e a nvel de suas anteriores, como ''Fly Like A Bird'' do premiado disco '''The Emancipation of Mimi'' (2005).
Em ''Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse'', Mariah nos d o melhor de seus 24 anos de carreira e mostra o porque de alm de ser uma das maiores vocalistas, tambm  uma grande pioneira entre os gneros de msica pop, r&b e hip-hop e nos traz um retorno mais do que convincente e o melhor trabalho mainstream de uma artista feminina at agora.",3,4,"Jun  4, 2014"
10,"Incredible. Her best since 'The Emancipation of Mimi'. This sounds like a totally throwback, it's pure R&B. 2 years waiting for this masterpiece, oh god, this worth it. Thank you Mimi.",3,4,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah made this personal album to show it is still alive and can be distinguished from all the other artists who work in the music scene. Opening the album with 'Cry' is destructive, could be a ballad like the others, but no. The music grows until the end, the vocals are perfect. Carey may not have the ravening young fanbase that Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and others have, but when it's time to get into the studio she can still deliver as long as her material is solid. Supernatural for many has become boring by the laughter of the children of the singer, but for me no one has ever made such a beautiful, true and lively song (yes, I gave a lot of laughs at the beginning and end of the song). Mariah will still make many wonderful albums in his career, and will show that not to appeal for charts, but the do good to his fans and admirers music. Quality not lacking in this album!",5,7,"May 27, 2014"
8,"The album sounds challenging as the person Mariah Carey, recognizing their place in ecosystem Pop, both implicit and explicit without mechanize her style for people buying a music lifeless.
This is not to say that Mariah is reductive and anti-commercial, however, Carey sought his artistic essence while subtly expanded its parameter as an artist even when just wanted to be herself and join all she has done before this album.
Simply amazing.",6,9,"Jan 22, 2015"
8,"No  novidade que Mariah Carey  impecvel quando se trata de poderio vocal. Neste lbum, mais uma vez, ela nos presenteia com um conjunto de canes que vo desde o clssico R&B  baladas acompanhadas de piano. A forma como as canes so interpretadas, somada a habilidade de sua exmia performer, o lbum se torna um destaque na discografia de Mimi. Recomendo: Cry, Faded, One More Try.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"One of her best albums ever. This album is a perfect balance of everything. Mariah has such a diverse fan base of all age and race. This album is for all of them. There are songs that are slower and have more soul like Cry and Dedicated and there are songs that are more upbeat like Thirsty and Money. And there are some very interesting and experimental tracks like Meteorite and #Beautiful. Standout tracks are #Beautiful, Dedicated, Thirsty, Money and Camouflage. Amazing album. The vocal is great as well! 10/10",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah is truly back to form. Gone are the gimmicks(except for thirsty), the catchy sounds for a quick hit. She's is really just doing what she does best, SINGING. Every song on this album has a meaning behind it and you can relate to the lyrics. Great album, great melodies and off cause great lyrics.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"This album is really everything us lambs have been asking for for the past 5 years. It's been a long wait, but it's been completely worth it. This is Mariah's best effort since her 1997 Butterfly album. I'm truly impressed, and very happy with the result.",2,3,"May 27, 2014"
10,"PANORAMA
definitivamente um dos melhores lbuns que ela fez nos ltimos tempos - eu diria comparvel  qualidade de Butterfly.
A maturidade e crescimento da artista MARIAH CAREY  impressionante nesse cd. Atravs deste lbum, ela deixou claro que ela no  apenas consciente do que est acontecendo musicalmente hoje em dia, mas ela tambm fez o que muitos artistas no conseguem fazer - ela olhou para trs e se permitiu ser inspirada, mesmo tendo quase 25 anos de carreira na industria da msica.
FAIXA-A-FAIXA
CRY.
Introduz o lbum com muita classe e com ar sombrio/melanclico/intimista.  uma superbalada rara para os dias de hoje, parecendo mais como uma 'prelude' da msica LOOKING IN, do maravilhoso cd DAYDREAM, de 1995. Cry. Apresenta as habilidades de uma verdadeira composista, e coloca uma melodia suavemente sinuosa e  refrescante ouvir essa faixa.
FADED
Faded  uma espcie de 'MSICA INTANGVEL'. A faixa pode parecer descartvel, mas quando ouvimos a prxima faixa DEDICATED, fica evidente o quo necessria e estratgica se torna a existncia de tal msica no cd e figurando na posio 2 da execuo do mesmo.
DEDICATED
Esta  uma faixa suave e lrica, com a participao de Nas.
# BEAUTIFUL
No h realmente nada que eu poderia dizer sobre esta faixa que j no tenha sido dito, mas vou repetir isso por uma questo de exaustividade. Apesar de #BONITA ter quase um ano de idade, essa msica parece no ter envelhecido em nada. Essas guitarras rumbling suaves evocam uma grande roadtrip americana e um ambiente aconchegante, refresh-out vero - exatamente o que precisamos agora.
THIRSTY
uma boa msica, com batidas marciais e nervosas, com pegada twerk. Esta cano  uma prova de sua capacidade de transformar qualquer batida em uma obra vocal - aquelas harmonias em todos os cantos e suas arrebatadoras vocalizes no final de cada frase do refro  uma habilidade rara, e 'nem todo mundo tem isso', convenhamos n.
MAKE IT LOOK GOOD
O incio desta cano soa como um filme-noir dos anos 40, soando como uma trilha sonora clssica.  como uma espcie de atualizao retr pros dias atuais; as letras divertidas e batida trazem um pouco de 'comdia musical'  mente de quem escuta essa msica.  um mashup interessante, e gaita (cortesia do Sr. Stevie Wonder) e o resultado  bastante diferente de tudo o que eu ouvi de Mariah.
YOU'RE MINE (ETERNAL)
compreensvel que Mariah poderia ter feito esta msica na esperana de que ela fosse capaz de recapturar a mgica de We Belong Together. Mas, honestamente, est faixa ficou um pouco artificial e desnecessria, s que no contexto do cd ela se encaixa.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO
Uma das melhores msicas do lbum e, definitivamente, uma de suas melhores canes up-temps de todos os tempos! A introduo  de estilo gospel, e depois descamba pra uma batida contagiante, nossa, ficou fenomenal. Wale realmente no soa confuso em tudo sobre o rap sobre esta verso de estdio do que na verso ao vivo do Today Show, ento isso  uma coisa boa que ele realmente tem uma voz muito agradvel para combinar a batida.
SUPERNATURAL
Se voc tem um fraco por crianas vai amar escutar os filhos da Mariah cantando em suaves batidas R&B/slow-jam, esta  a melodia preponderante. Isso  uma sobrecarga de fofura.
METEORITE
Essa msica poderia ter sido facilmente um sucesso no incio dos anos 90.
Uma msica estilo HOUSE pulsante. Juntamente com os acordes 'synth' e os vocais crescentes, esta  o mais prximo que temos de uma Mariah old-school Uptemp. E, provavelmente, poderia ter sido escrito por Madonna.
CAMOUFLAGE
Os efeitos do vento no comeo soam um pouco perturbadores no incio, mas depois vem os vocais e pianos que fazem essa msica brilhar. Com vocais e camadas de voz super produzidas, nos remetem  algumas msicas do Butterfly e Rainbow (Interlude Vulnerabilidade e Against All Odds - por exemplo).  uma faixa assombrosamente bela.
MONEY
Eu adoro quando Mariah faz essas faixas retroS porque a voz dela se encaixa com maestria. MONEY  comparvel  #BEAUTIFUL.  uma msica em parceria com Fabolous, e este est muito bem colocado na msica. Uma msica realmente 'atemporal'.
ONE MORE TRY
Neste ponto Mariah  uma veterana. A verso de Mariah de One More Try soa sem esforo ainda meticulosamente produzida.
HEAVENLY (NO WAYS TIRED / CAN 'T GIVE UP NOW)
Mariah no fez segredo de que sua espiritualidade  uma grande parte de sua vida, e essa msica  uma manifestao disso. Com um pequeno coro gospel e com uma sonoridade old-school e batida de funk 'lo-fi' agitada, deixou essa faixa muito bem produzida.",2,3,"Jun 14, 2014"
10,"One of her best albums of all career, proving that she can still do some great music. #Beautiful, Money, You Don't Know What You Do and Heavenly overtakes for complete her last two albuns and put her in another level that we didn't see since The Emancipation Of Mimi.",3,5,"May 27, 2014"
9,"Mariah Carey delivered her best album since The Emancipation of Mimi (2005). It opens in a very unusual way with a ballad led by a piano and a soulful tone, which reminds us of her 'Emotions' album (1991). Some of the gems are '#beautiful' (widly known and loved), 'You dont know what to do' (kind of disco', and probably my favorite because of how good and how different it is from Carey: 'Make it look good', which includes a cameo by Steve Wonder. Of course theres this epic gospel ending with 'Heavenly' and much more stuff. Cuteness and fresh sound in 'Supernatural', traditional hip hop 'Dedicated' and disco 'Meteorite'. Its an amazing body of work which grows the more you listen and discover. Thankfully, critics are saying the same. Congrats to Mariah.",2,4,"May 30, 2014"
10,"Mariah is back in top form on Me. I Am Mariah: The Elusive Chanteuse, her first 'REAL' exciting set since 2005's monster comeback The Emancipation of Mimi. Since then she's given us two offerings, 2008's E=Mc2 and 2009's Memoir's of An Imperfect Angel. Both albums suffered from desperation and trying too hard to live up to the greatness of the Emancipation album, that they both fell flat with re-hashed versions of the mega-hit We Belong Together, with only glimmers of the Mariah we fell back in love with while she was Emancipated.. But gone is the desperation, the gimmicks, the over saturated features and back is the organic, confidence that Emancipation gave us.
Me. I Am Mariah is the perfect showcase for Mariah at this stage in her career. Its mesmerising, melancholy, exciting but most of all its just simply GOOD GOOD music. From tracks like the explosive opening number 'Cry', 'Faded' a melancholy love anthem sure to be played all through to autumn, to throwback tracks like the ever fresh 'Beautiful', 'Make It Look Good' (where Stevie Wonders lends his harmonic skills), Explosive breakup anthem 'Thirsty', The hip hop celebrating nostalgic 'Dedicated' which is so delightful it will be replayed time and time again and the amazing 'You Don't Know What To Do' - where Mariah lives up to 'The Voice' slogan that she has been labelled with.. One of the albums best moments comes in the form of Meteorite, a blazing hot smooth club anthem, complete with jazzy saxophones and a delicious throwback vibe, which still remains typically Mariah. We even get an amazing George Michael cover, complete with a choir and once again those vocals and Dem babies - Mariah's twins even make an appearance on the gorgeously cute Supernatural.
Overall the album is an absolute must hear for any R&B music lover. Its cohesive, storytelling, focused and an inspirational feat, when just last year many where writing our Mimi off. She bounces back and proves she is still a force to be reckoned with.
SUPPORT MARIAH NOW AND PURCHASE THE ALBUM NOW!",2,4,"May 27, 2014"
7,"O dcimo quarto lbum da carreira da Mariah Carey  o seu retorno ao mundo da msica na sua melhor forma desde o seu ltimo retorno em 2005 com The Emancipation of Mimi. Porm, o novo trabalho no tem (aparentemente) nenhuma cano que se destaca que podemos dizer: 'Essa vai ser um imenso sucesso!'. S que Me. I Am Mariah  um lbum to coeso e slido como The Emancipation. O trabalho tambm no vai ser o arrasa quarteires em termos de vendagens como o retorno anterior. Todavia, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse mostra uma Mariah renovada sem perder a sua identidade original. Sendo assim, Mariah Carey entrega o seu melhor trabalho em anos com uma dignidade mpar.
Se no podemos esperar uma revoluo na sonoridade de MC, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse  um trabalho certeiro no que a cantora sabe fazer de melhor: R&B/pop com a sua personalidade incrustada do comeo ao fim. O que faz o CD ganhar pontos positivos, entretanto, alm do competente time de produtores que, liderados por Mariah, tem nomes como Hit-Boy, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox e Q-Tip,  o fato de mesmo respeitando o DNA de Carey foi possvel adicionar nuances novas em sua sonoridade. So nesses momentos que o lbum ganha vida de maneira inspiradora com o flerte com R&B mais moderninho e com o dance pop. No  por menos que vem dessas misturas os melhores momentos do lbum: o single #Beautiful ao lado do cantor Miguel e You Don't Know What To Do com o rapper Wale em que Mariah faz um excepcional dance com forte influncia de funk/disco music dos anos setenta. S que Mariah no seria Mariah sem entregar seus momentos que a fizeram quem . Com a produo fazendo um trabalho eficiente em quase todos os momentos, Me. I Am Mariah mostra que a cantora ainda  a diva que sempre foi, talvez menos potente, mas, com a fora emocional intacta. Logo de cara tem a boa balada pop/gospel Cry. Por falar em gospel, esse deve ser o trabalho mais orientando nessa direo: alm da cano j citada, tem ainda a legal Camouflage e Heavenly (No Ways Tired / Can't Give Up Now), gospel do comeo ao fim. Repito o que j foi escrito: Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse  um trabalho slido que traz o melhor da cantora a tona. Todavia, h certos momentos no to bons, ou melhor, momentos no to slidos. O pior deles  a regravao de One More Try do George Michael. tima msica que  transformada em uma arrastada faixa com influncia gospel. Outros momentos so: a bem intencionada, mas fraca Dedicated com o rapper Nas que pretende ser uma homenagem ao 'passado' s que no tem a fora que deveria ter e o confuso single You're Mine (Eternal) que parece perdido dentro do lbum.
Outro positivo  a atuao vocal de Mariah: mesmo sem nenhum momento grandiosamente inesquecvel, a cantora est contida em performances equilibradas e bem produzidas. Claro, ainda podemos ouvir os velhos (e as vezes, bons) maneirismos em vrios momentos que devem deixar fs da cantora com arrepios na espinha. O que no mudou e continua sendo uma coisa que ainda gera criticas so as composies vindas de MC. As faixas em Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse so escritas com cuidado e so trabalhos bons, mas que no avanam no esquema romntico gua com acar e/ou diva cantando com rapper. Uma deciso questionvel  colocar na verso deluxe duas canes de Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel apenas adicionando participaes especiais de nomes consagrados da msica. Enquanto a adio de Mary J. Blige melhora It's a Wrap, R.Kelly no faz justia a Betcha Gon' Know. Mesmo com essa escolha, Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse tem outros momentos que compensam como a bonita 'parceria' com o casal de gmeos da cantora em Supernatural, a irnica e danante Meteorite e a The Art of Letting Go. Parafraseando Beyonc em Ghost: talvez Mariah Carey no v fazer dinheiro com Me. I Am MariahThe Elusive Chanteuse. Bem, o que importa  que Mariah entrou um trabalho com qualidade verdadeira. E isso  o que importa, no ?",1,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
9,"This album is simply amazing! I would say this is her 2nd best album overall (behind 1997's Butterfly). It combines originality, great vocals and production, and inspiring lyrics all in one CD. I also personally like the long, but clever title - though I do believe taking out 'Me. I Am Mariah...' and just naming it 'The Elusive Chanteuse' would've been better.
Anyways, the CD breaks away from her tradition lately of starting an album with an upbeat song (Emancipation - 'It's Like That', E=MC2 - 'Migrate', and Memoirs - 'Obsessed'). She instead begins with 'Cry.', a powerful ballad (which is what she did with her debut album using 'Vision of Love'). I'd rate the song a 10/10. A great opener and timeless at the same time. The next song 'Faded', to me, sounds like a leftover from her 'Memoirs' album - this isn't a bad thing because I actually loved that album and think it's underrated. Overall, I'd rate the song an 8/10. The next song 'Dedicated' has an infectious production. Though the lyrics are a little unoriginal in my opinion, it's still great - 9/10. '#Beautiful', the next song, was the perfect choice for a lead single. Mariah's and Miguel's voices blend together perfecting; the swearing is a little unnecessary though - 9.5/10.
'Thirsty' is the only song on the album I don't care for. It doesn't flow with the album and is too mainstream - 6/10. 'Make It Look Good' is perfect in all aspects. Who incorporates harmonicas in their music anymore? The song is funky and has a fun name - 10/10. 'You're Mine (Eternal)' is a fun, sweet ballad. Its production is simple and soothing - 8/10. 'You Don't Know What to Do' is an almost-perfect song. Wale's inclusion in the first minute of the song is distracting to me; just a personal preference. But the song as a whole is really good and REALLY catchy - 9.5/10.
'Supernatural' is a cute, relaxing song dedicated to her twins. Though sweet, I think the song drags a little, especially with the outro - 7.5/10. 'Meteorite' is definitely an album highlight. It's the most danceable song on the album and is subtly inspirational. Sounds like you're in a different world - 10.5/10. 'Camouflage' is my 2nd favorite on the album. Another ballad, its deep lyrics and emotional connection make it memorable - 11/10. 'Money ($ * / ...)' is the final hip hop infused, upbeat song on the album. It has clever lyrics and Fabolous' appearance is the perfect touch - 8.5/10.
'One More Try' is next. While the lyrics on this song make it a great cover, I actually hate its production. However, it's a great inclusion and definitely adds to the album's greatness - 8/10. 'Heavenly (No Ways Tired/Can't Give Up Now)' is my favorite on the album. It is undoubtedly the most inspirational song on the album. Everything about it makes me happy - 100+/10. Finally, 'The Art of Letting Go' closes the album. Released at the end of 2013, this song is what made me excited for the album to come out. Definitely one of her best ballads - 10.5/10.
All of these ratings are just my OPINION. Overall, I give the album a 9/10. I've loved the album ever since it became available to stream. Even the album cover (while obviously retouched - though who cares!) is good. Mariah has come a long way. With most music nowadays being overly electronic and vague, she stuck to her roots and released an album that definitely has staying power. Really proud of her!",1,2,"May 27, 2014"
8,"This is indeed Carey's best album post Glitter! it even has more memorable jams than the Emancipation of Mimi and is her most solid work in years! Best Tracks are Dedicated, Faded, Thirsty, Heavenly, You Don't know what to do & Meteorite!
Next potential hits: You don't know what to do & Dedicated",1,2,"May 29, 2014"
9,"We have been waiting for over 2 years now for an album and it was definitely worth the wait, Me I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse is true perfection. Almost every song is amazing. 9.510 REMARKABLE.",1,2,"Jun  4, 2014"
7,"What are YOU hoping for from Mariah Carey? That, that is the primal question before you listen to 'Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse', the singer's long delayed, 14th studio effort. If you're looking for club pop, or top 40 hits.... you're in for disappointment. If you're looking for the R&B infused pop that made Mariah a legend in the 90s.... You're ALMOST in luck! If 2004's 'We Belong Together' was a return to form for Mariah, and the finest point of her career throughout the 00s, then consider 'MIAMTEC' her first big moment of this decade. Though the original title of the project, 'The Art of Letting Go' was infinitely better, and nothing on this album completely delivers to the nostalgic prowess of Mimi's 90s vocals, there are several notable moments that might just get you to that point of musical ecstasy that you've been longing for.
The pitfall of this album is that it doesn't quite return to Mariah's most intimate form.... unfortunately, it's more of a combination of 90s R&B/pop meets 00s urban pop, which ultimately makes it feel a little dated, because it certainly isn't fresh, yet it also isn't brilliant enough to be called a throwback. All in all though, it's a much more enjoyable listen than Carey's previous two attempts, and leaves you ultimately excited for the future and a possible tour.... I mean let's face it, Mimi's vocals are better than they've been in years.
Highlights include the ballads 'Cry', 'Faded', and 'One More Try', as well as the upbeat numbers 'Thirsty', 'Meteorite', and 'Make it Look Good'.",1,2,"May 30, 2014"
10,"Amazing! I DONT CARE FOR HITS! I wanna talent and I saw it in this album! I love it! Amazing! Her best album since The Emancipation of Mimi and the more personal od her career 10",1,2,"Jun 18, 2014"
9,"'Elusive Chanteuse' is probably Carey's most prolific work since 2005's 'Emancipation,' and hearkens back to the creative experimentation with 'Butterfly.'  Her vocals are no where near what they were in the 90s, and that's okay.  Her newer material is written with her present abilities in mind, instead of having to push to sing the classics like 'Always Be My Baby' and 'Hero.'  The album is a dichotomy - it sounds steeped in the past, but looks to the future - the bridge of 'Cry.' has a similar progression as 'One Sweet Day;'  'Make It Look Good' is similar to 'It's a Wrap' from 'Memoirs;' 'You Don't Know What To Do' is a revamp of 'I'm That Chick' from 'E=MC2;' and 'Camouflage' reads like 'Petals' from 'Rainbow;' the album succeeds in its nostalgia, its nod to Carey's prolific past and uncertain future - the diva is a dying art form, and Carey is one of the last to embody it.  This album won't add to the laundry list of records and awards she's received, though it most definitely should.  I find it difficult to isolate and listen to only ONE track - this is truly an ALBUM, and Carey should be proud of creating something so consistent and solid.",1,2,"May 29, 2014"
4,"Really?
Her worst album, she don't sing like before, you can hear horribles belts, i think there are only a few songs that fit in Mariah quality... Cry, #Beautiful, You don't know what to do... Poop!",1,2,"Jun 27, 2014"
10,"Mariah hat echt ein tolles album kreiert, man muss die lieder mehrmals hren um sie zu mgen, so war es z.b bei 'Deadicted und Make It Look Good' die lieder klangen wie aus den 70er und 80er, aber nachdem ich  sie mehrmals gehrt habe, mochte ich sie....zu meinen Lieblingslieder zhlen aufjedenfall 'You Don't Know, Heavenly und Camouflage..........Um ehrlich zu sein kann ich die Negative Kritik nicht nachvollziehen, nur weil Mariah nicht zu ein Mainstream album wie Beyonc gemacht hat, mgen die anderen es nicht. Es ist ein tolles Contemporary RnB album.....das einzige was sie htte noch besser machen knnen, wre es mit weniger Rapper zu Kollaborieren und ich htte mehr Balladen statt Dance lieder gemocht.",1,2,"Jun 15, 2014"
7,"'Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse', es para muchos uno de los mejores discos de Mariah Carey.Presenta temas pegadizos y unas baladas impresionantes, los puntos fuertes del lbum son '#Beautiful', 'Meteorite' o 'Money'. Mariah tiene unos vocales increbles y los demuestra en este lbum.",1,2,"Jul 21, 2014"
8,"It was worth having waited almost five years for the album release. This album has a more than perfect Built between Hip-Hop, R & B, Soul, Blue, Disco and Pop Contemporary... It's a great work, worthy of critical acclaim, but Mariah is not to change your prized artistic concept is a bit of the past mixed with the present, and unfortunately it falls short...",1,2,"Jul  8, 2014"
8,"Ok, let's go, what about the most underrated album since Aguilera's Bionic? Wroted and produced mostly by the one and only R&B queen, Me. I Am Mariah bring us how classic music should sound as hard as Back to Basics brought in 06.
We can see the old good music that Mariah do since 90' in You're Mine and can see she trying new catchy styles in You Don't Know What To Do (the best song in the album so far) and the multi-shade Meteorite. Working with rappers, Mariah didn't recorded The Elusive Chanteuse to peak #1 all over world or to prove that she still the queen of her style, she just wrote this to prove us that she still alive and she's here to stay much, much more.",1,2,"Aug  2, 2014"
4,"She has lost the star power and the star quality she once had, nowadays only but a few songs fit her voice. Her belts aren't stunning anymore and her whistle notes sound hoarse, maybe because of age? Also her voice lost power and she often strays from the correct pitch/note.",1,2,"Feb  4, 2015"
10,"I think it's pretty obvious at this point Mariah's vocals are severely damaged. She can't even attempt to hit the vocal highs of her 90's self, but that's quite alright when the material itself is this good. 'The Elusive Chanteuse' plays as a trip down memory lane; a nostalgic keepsake, from the disco-tinged 'You Don't Know What to Do' to the ode to old school hip hip 'Dedicated' to the throwback R&B/soul '#Beautiful' (ugh,why #? why?#?#).
Certain #missteps aside, this is by far Mariah's best offering since 'The Emancipation of Mimi' 10 years ago",1,2,"Mar  4, 2015"
0,"Mariah Carey is the WORST MUSICIAN EVER, next to Justin Bieber. Her music is so trashy. I hate all of her songs SO MUCH!! But still in person, she isn't as idiotic as JB who got detained and arrested by the cops. Avoid this album at ALL COSTS!! Buy Mario Kart Wii, 7 or 8 instead. I also beat her up in SSB4.",3,8,"Apr  6, 2015"
9,"They say that the best albums are the ones that you hate at the beginning, but that slowly win you over with every listen. Me. I Am Mariah..... The Elusive Chanteuse is one of these. Do not judge the album solely by its first track Cry., because that is not what it is all about. On the contrary, most of the album is an R&B, power ballad spectacle that showcases l'incroyable voix de notre chateuse Mariah. After several listens, I have come to the realization that she truly blew me away and I can confidently say that this album re-establishes her as the artist we have come to know her as and places her back on the pedestal; her rightful place. I am actually surprised that her singles she had already released did not perform as well as the Emancipation era singles because they are just as great. My favorite songs off the album would have to be Faded and You Don't Know What to Do. There's something about the piano instrumental in Faded that draws you right in like a maritime tide. As for YDKWTD, it's disco influenced and showcases Mariah's vast vocal talent and is just so fun to dance to. Although, I must say that the songs on the second half of the album are not as compelling as the first half (mostly the deluxe edition tracks) but I am pretty sure that they will grow on me, just like the first half. Mariah definitely has something to brag about this time around. Now all that is missing is a Billboard Hot 100 #1 Announcement and a tour (one can only hope).",1,3,"May 28, 2014"
5,"Reading the professional reviews, I thought I'd be blown away. The first thing that should've warned me that I wouldn't be blown away was the first track being 'Cry'. I don't understand why this is the lead track. Going through the album, there are too many ballads. Now if they were ballads like 'We Belong Together' I wouldn't mind them but they're nowhere near that caliber. Not everything was bad about the album. 'Thirsty' is a standout as great as the smash lead single '#Beautiful'. The vocals & uptempo of 'You Don't Know What To Do' are EXACTLY the songs we need more of here! 'Meteorite' is another standout that there needs to be more of. The George Michael cover of 'One More Try' is a great ballad & choice to make. Other than those songs, I don't see anymore of them making it to my iPod. This is a huge step UP from Memoirs of An Imperfect Angel but we have heard better from the Elusive Chanteuse.",4,15,"May 27, 2014"
10,"This is not her best and she's not been in her prime for a long time, but this is still a joyful album that's really better than a lot of **** out there.
So yes.",1,4,"Dec  3, 2014"
0,"Lame, boring, crappy, and Mariah Carey is the worst musician ever! But in person, She is a heck of a lot better than JB whom is a dumb kid that got arrested for assault after an ATV collision, threw eggs at his fans, DUI, etc. Avoid MC and JB at ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!! I also beat both in SSB 3DS / Wii U. Curse ya Bieber and curse ya Carey!!!!",2,10,"Apr 13, 2015"
10,"The universal management pessima we have played hymns in the trash without disclosure without any support from the record company released the best album of R & B's all played out today.",0,2,"Nov 10, 2015"
8,"This album sound very intimate. The lyrics are very beautiful and the vocals sound mature. The only flaw is the lack of potential singles, but its a great album that diserves attention.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Brilliant from head to toe. Despite only giving it a 60 score, even RS ranks it among the best R&B releases of 2014. It's personal, beautiful, well written and produced. It features some of Mariah's best melodies in years.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"Este  o melhor lbum de Mariah em anos, ela soube mostrar muito bem que continua sendo a maior artista do gnero R&B, Mariah trouxe no disco msicas com letras fortes e emocionantes como Cry., Camouflage, The Art Of Letting Go e Faded e msicas bastante alegres como Thirsty, Meteorite, Make It Look Good e vrias outras fora a maravilhosa Supernatural com os DemBabies, este CD ficou muito melhor do que o ltimo dela lanado em 2009 (MOAIA), Me I Am pode figurar no top 5 de melhores lbuns da carreira de Mariah, nele contm o R&B gostoso de ouvir que s a Mariah consegue fazer, melhor lbum lanado em 2014!!!",0,0,"May 24, 2016"
7,"MJ's most cohesive and entertaining release since 'Dangerous'.  Some of the re-workings are just as fantastic as the demos and each song sounds as relevant today as it could have been then.",2,2,"May 14, 2014"
9,"L.A Reid has chosen good songs for the project, some reworkings necessarily are not better than the original ones, but overall it's a solid album and it's pleasing.",1,1,"May 13, 2014"
10,"Better than the previous one. Without false tracks, amazing vocals, a flawless album. For me, ''Loving You'' is the best track. 'Xscape' is not one of the best, but it's great. Recommend.",1,1,"May 13, 2014"
7,"An album quite normal, but thankfully respects the style and essence of Michael Jackson and give us his best of his career since his death in 2009. I hope the next album will outperform this. I give it a 7/10 because on the second disc there're the original versions of the songs of the first disc, and is something to be welcomed.",1,1,"Jan 11, 2015"
10,"Excellent MJ vocals (as always), fantastic songs! Producers contemporized the songs did a great job, with respect to Michael Jackson. Plus, the deluxe version includes the originals as Michael left them. This album is a true gem",1,2,"May 15, 2014"
10,"Excellent track choices - My two favourites are Blue Gangsta/A Place With No Name - both the Xscape and originals are fantastic as they are carried mainly by the vocals.",0,1,"May 15, 2014"
8,"its really v.enjoyale album , much much better than the previous one and maybe better than invincible
all the tracks r very well but blue gangsta is really silly song i didnt like it at all
all the new versions r better than originals so really really thx to timbland",0,1,"May 14, 2014"
2,"A timely reminder of how mundane and over-rated Jackson was.
Bland, unchallenging, light-weight pop songs - over-produced (by an army of producers) to prop-up Jackson's mediocre talent.
His relationship songs are unconvincing - precisely because he never had a normal one!
All of his songs are inauthentic - as you'd expect from someone who was never 'real'.
The usual mix of sickly ballads and harmless dance tracks.
The usual limited vocal gimmicks.
His initial fame I can understand - but his enduring fame is mystifying.
A triumph of USA-style hype over content!
The Emperor has no new clothes - and he's dead! But that will of course change nothing for the faithful...",0,3,"Oct  8, 2014"
9,"a fantastic collection of tracks that had no business being kept off of MJ's previous albums. i didn't expect myself to enjoy the new versions very much but i actually really enjoyed them. the originals are obviously superb though. the only downside is the new versions of 'Blue Gangster' and 'Chicago', which suffer from some really bad overproduction.",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
10,"Realmente um grande album! Nao  o melhor trabalho de MJ mas cumpre sua missao, fazer lembrar o quanto Michael podia ser incrivel e versatil. 'A place with no name' e 'Slave to the rhythm' merecem com toda certeza ser singles!",0,0,"May 13, 2014"
7,"Falar de quem j morreu sempre foi difcil, pois fica aquela sensao de 'no querer apontar os erros, mas s os acertos j que morreu'. Ento, imagina julgar uma obra de um artista morto lanado.  ainda mais complicado, pois se no teve cem por cento da mo do artista em questo no produtor final, sempre vai ficar aquele ponto imenso de interrogao nas cabeas de muitas pessoas: esse seria o que o artista realmente estaria fazendo se estivesse vivo? Ou  apenas o que as pessoas que produziram acham sobre o que seria a sonoridade desse artista? Essa  a indagao que me debato ao ficar de frente com o segundo
lbum pstumo do cara que ajudou a modelar a msica atual: Michael Jackson.
Xscape  uma compilao de vrias demos, algumas inclusive previamente 'vazadas' na internet, reformuladas por um time do escalo A da msica contempornea americana como Timbaland, StarGate, Jerome 'J-Roc' Harmon e Rodney Jerkins que esto por trs dos mais sucessos recentes como Justin Timberlake, Rihanna, Katy Perry, Lady GaGa e outros, ou seja, a nova corte do pop. Sendo assim, esse povo seria a produo que Michael escolheria para produzir seu lbum? Acho que sim, pois Michel apenas trabalhava com os melhores. E a sonoridade final de Xscape seria a que o Rei do Pop entregaria para o mundo? Talvez no, mas o que ouvimos aqui est no caminho certo. Aqui no  feito nada alm do bom R&B/pop que nomes como Timberlake e Usher fazem que, por sua vez, sofreram e sofrem grandes influncias do prprio Michael. A modernizao das demos so muito bem feitas, pois conseguem manter o espirito que MC queria passar, mas atualiza sem grandes deslizes e como gratas surpresas como a tima Slave To The Rhythm, que talvez seja a mais prxima do que se poderia esperar do Michael. Mesmo lembrando clssicos como Smooth Criminal e Dirty Diana, a faixa  um dos momentos em que podemos sentir de fato a presena do cantor em Xscape. Como disse anteriormente, o single Love Never Felt So Good  outro momento de qualidade em que viajamos no tempo.
Enquanto as composies, Xscape no  to refinado como poderia ser j que Michael nunca pode 'refinar' o seu trabalho original. Mesmo entre altos e baixos  possvel de ver aqueles momentos de genialidade criativa dele como na boa A Place With No Name e na legal Blue Gangsta, alm das j canes citadas. O problema aqui so as qualidade dos vocais de Michael: dependendo mais da qualidade das demos originais e em qual perodo a cano foi gravada originalmente, as faixas so uma verdadeira montanha-russa em relao a qualidade vocal. O melhor exemplo  Do You Know Where Your Children Are que tem vocais esquisitos e que nem parecem ter a presena do cantor, mas j nos versos a voz do cantor parece ter sido gravada na fase mais urea da cantor. J Loving You tem certos momentos que parece que quem canta  uma pessoa imitando Michael mesmo sendo uma cano boa. A cano mais fraca  a mediana Xscape que d nome ao lbum que no consegue engrenar em nenhum momento. Nada vai fazer Michael Jackson voltar a vida e nunca saberemos o que mais ele tinha para mostrar, mas, ao menos, Xscape  decente e digno com o talento do Rei do Pop.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2014"
4,"I think the originals sounded better than the remakes.. especially when you have a wannabe-Michael Justin Timberlake placed on this album. (He's horrible live might I add..)
Glad they included the originals on my disc though, won't be listening to those awful overproduced pieces of crap.",0,0,"May 18, 2014"
8,"The album really exceeded my expectations entirely! Has a modern and timeless feel that appeals to both his younger and older fans (A Place With No Name is a great example).  Two thumbs up!",0,0,"May 25, 2014"
7,"A good collection of unreleased material from the King of Pop!
Love 'Chicago' and 'Slave to the rhythm'. But i really don't think 'Do you know where your children are' & 'loving you' should have been included!",0,0,"May 16, 2014"
4,"Xscape was only ok. Jackson is back but not in a good way. I feel like this record was not needed. It's not a total train wreck some highlights being Love never felt so good, Slave to the rhythm and Xscape. Overall I am just not feeling this album. I feel this is lazy, tired, but not terrible. Oh and the song Blue Gangsta god almighty one of the worst songs he's ever produced.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2014"
10,"One of the best albums that Michael Jackson has released after Dangerous. This is what the modern MJ would sound like! I just can't believe how the producers have been able to create this miracle album!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2014"
8,"I found this a really enjoyable album this wasn't as good as previous of course s that would be very difficult. But the choices on this album are brilliant as they all work really well together a solid album and very pleasing to the ears.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
9,"The album provides a sneak to king of pop's music from 80's & the 90s and probably how mj would have sounded if he had released an album now being alive could  be a bit different i believe but still the songs feel fresh as if he had song yesterday the music is great .The album recaptures moments of classic Mj.There are moments on Xscape when classic Michael Jackson is recaptured. From the electronic womps and finger clicks But it's on the opening cut and lead single where Jackson's spirit is fully felt.The album is surely to top the charts as its no 1 in 50 countries already.The best songs from the album that are sure to be chart toppers are Love Never Felt So Good,slave to the rythm,A place with no
name,Xscape.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
9,"I Love All Michael music, but honestly and seriously, this is the best album since Dangerous, better than History and Invicible, and of course miles away from Michel (2010).
The vocals, the rhythem, the sound, and the most important the soul of our true Micheal are inside this music. A very respectfull work by LA Reid, Timbaland, Darkchild, J-Roc and Stargate.
My Highlights: Slave to the Rhythem, Do you know...?, Blue Gangsta, Xscape and A place whit No Name.
Michael surpases the dead to bring his Magic and show again why is the inmortal King of Pop.",0,0,"May 16, 2014"
10,"The genius of Michael Jackson shines through on this album. Very refreshing to hear the pure vocal as the centerpiece of this album. The mix sounds like classic Michael without a bunch of studio hocus pocus. Hearing this album makes me appreciate the talent of this man and miss his presence in music today even more.",0,0,"May 20, 2014"
10,"I love MJ this did not disappoint I got exactly what I expect. I could do without Justin Timberlake (not a fan) love  Slave to Rhythm, Blue Gangsta, Xscape,  Do you know where your Children are, A Place with No Name. Basically just loved it I bought Deluxe version.
Dig down in those unreleased & keep 'em coming.",0,0,"May 25, 2014"
8,"Yes, there's been a fair amount of controversy regarding this release of MJ material from the vaults; some question whether he wanted it released at all, that it wasn't up to his standards.  Here's my take: even if it wasn't up to par, anything that Jackson discarded is probably better than 80% of pop music today; I also relish the opportunity at being able to see the inner workings of Jackson's musical mind.  For the most part, this is a pretty decent set.  'Love Never Felt So Good' (both the solo and JT duet) is a standout track, including 'Slave to the Rhythm' and 'Do You Know Where Your Children Are.'  The breezy, relaxed vibe of 'Loving You' wouldn't sound out of place on today's Top 40, and 'Chicago' makes use of present trends with the drum machine.  While I wasn't thrilled about paying extra to purchase the deluxe version of the album (with the original demo tracks), I appreciate their inclusion, to hear what sort of musical adventure Jackson might have taken us on.  Timbaland's production is strong without being smothering, and sounds relevant, reaching conclusions that Jackson himself might have reached.",0,0,"May 29, 2014"
9,"That album is more urbanic album than previous.n difference of previous album,we absolutely know that,vocals belong to MJ.There is deluxe edition in this albums to listen to new and original versions of tracks.The vocal is perfect as always.Xscape,Chicago,Love never felt so good are best tracks in the album.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2014"
4,"This is not a Michael Jackson album. It might be his voice but every decision on this album would not have been the decision Michael would have made. Almost every song here feels wrong and its a disgrace this was released at all. They should just stop making posthumous albums because you can't recapture the magic without the man himself.
Notable Songs: Love Never Felt So Good and Slave to the Rhythm",0,0,"Jun 23, 2014"
9,"Almost all the tracks are awesome.  Most entertaining songs with variety of genres.  My faves from this album are A place with no name, Loving you, Love never felt so good, and Xscape.  A place with no name is the perfect song for driving and I listen this song continuously on loop in my car.  The video of Love never felt so good is the best of the best and quite resembles to MJ's Black or White video.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2015"
10,"the original and remixed are just awesome you can listen to either, love the track do you know where your children are and the track a place with no name love the acoustic with the original track",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
10,"'Food' is one of the most perfect album of the year! Kelis did something creative with so many inspiration. A title that look so normal, but what have a greatest content than other actuality musics. Food's Pop is just a kind of originality. This one can satisfy all hungry soul.",5,5,"Jun 16, 2014"
9,"Kelis' most consistent release since 'Tasty.'  'Milkshake' brought that album the attention it needed; take it away, and you're left with an incredibly strong piece of work.  'Kelis Was Here' was a hodgepodge of R&B, hip-hop, and soulful mess, while 'Fleshtone' was a cohesive exploration of EDM.  Now, we're back to soulful R&B, vintage production, meaningful lyrics, and strong vocals from Kelis, a voice that sounds like it's deep-fried and downed with a pint of beer and finished off with a cigarette (seriously, someone should patent that vocal tone).  Standout tracks include 'Biscuits 'N Gravy,' 'Cobbler, 'Floyd,' and 'Forever Be.'",1,1,"Jun  5, 2014"
10,"This new album is too amazing for words. Since her past record, Flesh Tone, Kelis has managed to switch it up again using a theme that is also a main part of her life now, which is food! This album is full of sass & attitude, but also obviously conveys love.",3,4,"Apr 22, 2014"
9,"This is a truly phenomenal album. I was a fan of Flesh Tone, but this new direction comes as a huge improvement. I hope this record gets the recognition it deserves.",2,3,"Apr 22, 2014"
8,"Se eu pudesse fazer com que todos que leem esse humilde blog seguisse de fato minhas dicas, eu iria criar uma lista de dez artistas que voc precisa escutar e gostar. Um desses artistas com certeza seria a cantora Kelis. Mais conhecida pelo sucesso Milkshake de 2003, Kelis tem uma carreira praticamente irrepreensvel desde a sua estreia em 1999. Sempre seguindo no caminho mais R&B/soul a cantora tambm se arriscou e se saiu extremamente bem no eletrnico com o lanamento do sensacional Flesh Tone em 2010. Quatro anos depois, Kelis est de volta a msica e ao estilo que sempre carregou com maestria com o lanamento do timo Food.
Produzido exclusivamente por Dave Sitek (conceituado produtor conhecido pelo trabalho com a banda Yeah Yeah Yeahs), Food  um excelente trabalho que tem a capacidade de se exceder todas as bases primarias sem grandes arrombos de criatividade. A sonoridade bsica do trabalho  o soul, mas nas mos de Dave as canes ganharam um verniz mais alternativo e menos comercial. Adicionando toques de eletrnico vindos do trabalho anterior de Kelis do um toque mais apurado para as canes. Apesar da construo da sonoridade ser refinada e de uma inteligncia inegvel o que chama ateno nas faixas e, na verdade, a excepcional instrumentalizao feita. Cuidadosa em todos os detalhes e rica em quantidade e qualidade, os msicos por trs esto de parabns por um trabalho que pouco se ouve no mundo mainstream e, em alguns casos, no mundo mais alternativo. Kelis  dona de uma voz to crua com seu tom rouco que no precisa de muito para brilhar. Em Food, alm de ouvirmos esse maravilho tom, Kelis contempla quem ouve com performances sensacionais, versteis e explodindo de personalidade por todos os lados. Mesmo com temas seguros e composies slidas o lbum  uma lio de como fazer do simples obras impecveis e poderosas. Food  o tipo de lbum que precisa ser ouvido integralmente para poder desfrutar todas as qualidades, mas tenho que fazer uma observao: no comeo da faixa Cobbler  possvel ouvir vozes femininas e, depois, da Kelis falando em portugus. Essas vozes so do grupo brasileiro CSS (Cansei de Ser Sexy). Mesmo no podendo fazer quem l esse blog seguir qualquer coisa que escrevo espero que essa resenha seja capaz de fazer algum ouvir Food e conhecer a Kelis. Assim espero.",1,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"Kelis has always been the chamaleon of music. she can sing pop, r&b, electronic and raw soul now. Food is amazing, even when my favorite album is Flesh Tone i can say this album is pretty much perfect and an AOTY contender.",1,3,"Apr 24, 2014"
10,"Listen, this album is everything and this review here proves why FOOD is possibly Kelis' best album and is defiantly already in the running for album of the year! http://fourplayblog.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/fourplays-album-review-kelis-food.html",1,3,"Apr 24, 2014"
4,"As I predicted, Food was going to be a big disappointment. After listening to the album, I stand not corrected as the album was to be honest, dull. The only track worth listening to was 'Bless the Telephone'. I suggest Kelis returns to electronic music, because this album is not cutting it. She has a very unique voice, I must say....",0,4,"Apr 22, 2014"
10,"'Food'  um dos lbuns mais perfeito do ano! Kelis fez algo criativo com tantas inspiraes. Um ttulo que parece to normal, mas o que tem um maior teor que muitas outras msicas da atualidade. O Pop de 'Food'  apenas um pouco da originalidade que Kelis pode fazer. Este lbum, com certeza, pode satisfazer todas almas famintas que tem fome de msicas de alta qualidade!",0,1,"Oct 18, 2014"
8,"Pr mua , ky sht albumi m Kelis n karriern e saj deri tani . Medredhi e shum kng duke u emruar pas ushqimit ( haha ) . Tekstet e saj jan t mdha , instrumentale mahnitshme mendjenja e tij duke luajtur jetojn . Shum mund t nnvlersuar at dhe hedhin Ushqim pr nj rekord t xhazit t luajtur n nj dyqan kafeje . Vetm t jap kt nj shans , un jam i sigurt se kjo do t bhet nj t preferuar t shpejt n qoft se ju plqen Soul / R & B.
8/10",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
10,"'Food' is one of the most perfect album of the year! Kelis did something creative with so many inspiration. A title that look so normal, but what have a greatest content than other actuality musics. Food's Pop is just a kind of originality. This one can satisfy all hungry soul.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2014"
10,"One of the best albums I have heard in a very long time. August actually tells a story unlike other singers who rely on sexual records to make them relevant. The entire album is fantastic but the key tracks are Testify, Make It Home, You Deserve, Porn Star, Kissin' On My Tattoos, Benediction, and Numb. The features are pretty good for a debut album Rick Ross, Jeezy, Chris Brown, and more.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2014"
5,"The reason that this album is getting a 5 star rating is that I'm grading it as an album. As an album it is fair--6 songs that are worth replaying. 'Testify' is very good, 'Make It Home' is excellent.  The first 7 tracks contain 5 of the 6 songs worth listening to. This is a good first effort by Alsina, and I'm not sure that he will top it because I didn't hear any glimmers of greatness in either the singing or songwriting. This feels like August Alsina's moment to shine and he said something very powerful in 'Make It Home'. I didn't love this album, but it was not bad either. Just under half of the songs were good. I'd like to hear more from August Alsina and this album was a good first effort.",0,1,"May 20, 2014"
8,"So, I heard this album the first time and was not super impressed. I found myself comparing August to other artists such as The Weeknd or even (although you really shouldn't) Chris Brown. But, I turned on sudoku and gave him more listens. His pre-released singles such as I Luv this Sh*t and Numb are what gets his voice in your ear, you know, make you like hearing him on repeat. They are why I came. Once in the album, songs like FML, Testify, and No Love (Im biased here, going through breakups and all) draw you more into who he is. Make it home with Jeezy, Grind and Pray/Get Ya Money with Fabolous, and Ghetto with Yo Gotti  are worthy listens as well. These songs all really do work together to paint a picture of who August Alsina is, what he wants, what makes him tick. That is generally what you want from a debut.
This all said, this album is a little different. The production has a bit of a unique twist within it, this is what makes his sound maybe a little off sounding at first, but his sound is overall more enjoyable once his entire album is digested. Try to the journey one full time no distractions. 8.5/10",0,0,"Apr 30, 2014"
10,"This is the best album that I have ever heard in 2014!Every songs in this album is awesome.And August's voice is so special,I think August will be the next big thing in R&B!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2015"
8,"August Alsina needs more recognition from the public. His lyrics have meaning on this album and the production also makes this album one of the best R&B albums of 2014, earning this album an overall A-. Highlights: 'Make It Home', 'Testify', 'You Deserve'. Worst song: 'Right There'",0,0,"Apr  3, 2015"
6,"An above average start to an abstract, sweet, delicate side of R&B and soul music. SZA has no problem letting you know which feelings she's singing about, but I think she needs a little work on how she's expressing them through her singing. Also, the production needs to help here a little more, not saying the production is not class enough, but sometimes I feel that it either overshadows here, o leaves her all alone, walking on a thin line. The featurings on this album leave me wanting more, specially the Isaiah Rashad and Chance The Rapper ones, which leads me to think, SZA needs to work on making her solo stuff much more powerful and consistent. At the end of the day, I'm looking forward to her next project, wishing no more than improvement and endurance.",0,1,"Jun 30, 2014"
10,"This album is so unique and fun to listen to. ...it's great to hear the genuine lyrics sung so lovely by Mr. Blacc. Unlike John Legend, Aloe's music makes you swoon - not just sit there trying to figure out if you like what you're hearing. lol When I saw Aloe on the Soul Train awards, I was like 'Who is THAT? I LOVE him!'  lol  So when I found him on iTunes I was happy to get a taste of the new record - which, although his album 'Good Things' received more critical accolades, this album is more fun to listen to. Sometimes the critics just get it wrong! This album is SO recommended!",2,3,"Dec  6, 2014"
10,"Lift Your Spirit is rather formulaic from that standpoint--it's a fun EP and is a must-buy.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------",2,8,"Mar 11, 2014"
6,"I watched the last season of American Idol, and Candice won. I loved her so much, she was a powerhouse singer! After he first album was released, I listened to it expecting greatness! Did I find it? Not necessarily. Though there are some great songs on here like Cry, Same Kinda Man, Forever That Man, Kiss Me and I Am Beautiful. For her outreach in the music business, I think this is a successful first album for her!",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
7,"Their formula is a decade old but their soul is still all there. Actually, with this record they seem to have gone a little forward in their 1965-1970 time bubble. Its great feat is sounding so impressively sixties; but there are truly beautiful songs on this new record, one for all 'Making Up and Breaking Up'.",1,1,"Jan 20, 2014"
1,"Hard to believe this album was made by the same artist that made an album like Love Letter. It's just so lowest common denominator. R Kelly really lets himself down. I think he's one of the greatest R&B artists of all time so it's a shame to hear him just banging on about much he loves pus!y. Yeah we get it dude, you're horny. The whole album is just so demeaning to women. For someone who apparently loves them so much he really doesn't big them up in the way he should. Let's hope he does better next time. I gave it a 1 because his singing is still great.",1,1,"Jan  7, 2014"
1,"There's one or two ok tracks, but in general the content is pretty immature for a man of R Kelly's age. Come on R, I've always been a big fan, but unlike other albums, almost every song is OTT explicit. Please! This only inspires me to think 'grow up'! I'll definitely preview future albums for substance before buying.",1,1,"Jan 21, 2014"
2,"R Kelly has always sang about the same subject-sex. I get that. But this pile of steaming poop of a CD is lyrically worthless and does not say much about R Kelly's development-sort of speak. I couldn't even stomach to listen to the entirety of most songs. But, his voice is still very good and unwavering as any other time.",3,4,"Dec 10, 2013"
3,"This latest R. Kelly project has shown how age and money can corrupt even a singer with a solid amount of potential and a crooning voice.  There is a lot of sex: sex, more sex, and even more sex. The album almost relies to heavy on this subject matter and it is corrupted because of this.  R. Kelly, if anything can save him, needs to find new ground in something of some form.",2,3,"Dec 10, 2013"
6,"It's ok not very good not terrible. A few good songs, but doesn't  live up to his previous records. I really loved his duet with Gaga on 'Do What You Want' so this left me with full disappointment because none of these songs match that duet.",1,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
2,"I'm a huge fan of R. Kelly, but not a fan of this album. I felt that he has downgraded skills, and talent to follow what's going on the in the music industry.  Black Panties is not an upgrade to 12play. 12 play is a classic. On the other hand, Black Panties is trashy and ratchet. R.Kelly is has a power voice, so I don't understand the purpose of him using auto-tune. The lyrics on this album sounds like a teenager wrote it. I would rather listen to the mature, and smooth R.Kelly. The R.Kelly that created a masterpiece albums like Love Letter and Write me Back. Hopefully on the next album, he'll stay true to himself by making real R&B songs.",1,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
10,"R Kelly does it once again. Dope beats, dope lyrics, and it makes you want to have lots of heterosexual sex. Couldn't ask for more. Except maybe videos of R. Kelly at a bachlorette party or something. Yeah that.",0,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
8,"As you can tell from my reviews, I only mostly feel inspired to review cd's I enjoy, rather than cd's I do not enjoy  I am a gay man, but still,  I can appreciate the blatant humor and sensuality in the lyrics and rhythms   I mean 'Marry the P***y' how fun is that!  I think this is an overall sensual and fun cd and I like R Kelly in general, so I give this cd an 8.",0,2,"Dec 16, 2013"
3,"It's almost tragical. A talented guy like R. Kelly, the guy who actually can make great R&B/Soul albums seems very uninspired nowadays. Genius and Legs Shakin' (despite the comical lyrics) sounds fresh and sweet without sounding too plastic and Shut Up sounds like an honest protest song against his haters with some impressive non compressed vocals but that's basically the only enjoyable things on this one. There are several songs who just gives you no stimulation at all, neither good or bad will say. Some just gives you bad shivers down your spine because the  comical lyrics and his extremely serious voice just make me feel embarrassed.
R. Kelly is at his best when he's inspired and get to work with natural sounding instruments. Unfortunately, Kelly abandons his originality and his overall integrity just to try to stay relevant. The truth is that he doesn't need to conform to ridiculous trends with no soul, he could if he had the courage make most modern R&B artist look crappy. The fact that he doesn't makes me sad. This is without doubt his weakest album.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2015"
