The Guardian,80,"Dead Ringers embraces zero-gravity keyboards, clean vocals, and the spaced-out guitar sprawl of the best Popol Vuh records. Its the farthest hes gone from traditional metal signifiers, but its proof that inky bleakness is no heavier than blinding light."
The Quietus,80,"While this is easily Horseback's most 'laid-back' effort, it's also the one with the most going on musically. It's impossible to pin it all down; simply surrender, let it have its way. You won't regret it."
Mojo,80,"If youve shied away from drone music because of its sonic inaction, heres a good remedy."
Uncut,78,"Miller indulges his appetite for electronics and repetition alongside psychedelic excursions."
AllMusic,50,"Dead Ringers lack the singular vision needed to hold so many digressions and disparate references together. [Aug 2016, p.61]"

Record Collector,80,"Trouble is a grand survey of deconstructed rock which achieves its greatest highs via the winding routes it travels. Not all those who wander are lost, indeed."
musicOMH.com,80,"They've always existed in their own space, and Trouble is yet another fine example of their fascinating art."
PopMatters,80,"They plunge once more into a spontaneously generated maelstrom of corroded noise and spasmodic rock action, letting the music flow like lava oozing destructively through the streets of your town. [No. 134, p.55]"
Pitchfork,73,"With Trouble, Russell, Morley, and Yeats have dug one foot deeper into the thick, sludgy, noise-strewn topsoil theyve long called home. Call it a trench, if you will, but it isnt is a grave."
Magnet,70,"The five numbered tracks of Trouble total a monolithic 82 minutes and trace heaving faultlines of their own making. [Sep 2016, p.73]"

AllMusic,80,"The on-stage versions bring genuine human warmth--healing even--to Vulnicura's raw emotional truths. [Sep 2016, p.99]"
Exclaim,80,"While Vulnicura Live may not be the most fun of Bjrk's concert albums, its powerful performances still make it a joy for fans to hear."
Record Collector,80,"While Vulnicura Live may not cut quite as deep as Vulnicura proper, rest assured that it is every bit as breathtaking."
Spin,60,"Its hard not to become overly aware of how the similarity of both the musical settings--basically, strings allied to rhythm programmes of skittish or explosive beats--and especially Bjorks delivery tends to leach the individual songs into one another."

AllMusic,100,"Cluster had rewritten the linguistics of modern sound and then turned away without any further heed. Somewhere, someone would always be playing live in der Fabrik from here on."
Alternative Press,100,"Almost 50 years after the fact, that first Cluster record (named either Cluster or Cluster 71, depending on whom you ask) still sounds miles ahead of the curve."
Austin Chronicle,90,"All of the material contained in this set is essential listening, as it chronicles the most groundbreaking period of a group who consistently explored new terrain with each successive release."
The Wire,85,"It still speaks for Clusters prescience, to render the mechanistic noise of early electronic devices and warm them up in such a manner so as to reveal that no matter the new technology, such components are ultimately human after all."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Including essential 70s albums like Zuckerzeit, Sowiesoso and two classic Eno collaborations, this killer collection shows Cluster refining its minimalist, electro-acoustic, programmed, studio-pop improvisations in urban and rural environs. [No. 131, p.53]"
AllMusic,80,"Though disparate, it's some legacy. [May 2016, p.90]"
Magnet,80,"While its pretty impossible to sit through more than a couple of hours of this box in one go, the importance of this body of work is undeniable. Music simply hasnt caught up--this still sounds futuristic, enigmatic, distant and complicated."

Pitchfork,80,"Gorgeously sepulchral pieces such as Beste Freunde and Glasterlenspiel are perfectly suited to the church where they were recorded as longer improvisations to be edited down, suspending time as they hang in hauntingly contemplative reverie, which is still breaking boundaries. But, in a perfect world, it might even mark Roedelius commercial breakthrough."
Uncut,80,"The musics depth, and it is deeper than any other Q/C/Kluster album, encompasses myth and poetry while eschewing assumption and pretense. It walks a fine line between accessibility and the intrigue of novelty while never allowing timbre self-satisfying supremacy."
Mojo,80,"Unlike the cohesiveness of earlier releases, Echtzeit has the feel of a compendium of sketches playing upon inherent strengths within Roedelius's considerable back catalogue. However, what it lacks in experiential probing is made up for by the simple fact of Echtzeit being a nice place to dwell and linger."
AllMusic,80,"No matter how much Krautrock youve been exposed to over the decades, Qluster can still use familiar terrain to create quite an impact. You dont have to rip up the playbook over and over again in order to conjure something that really hits the mark."
Record Collector,70,"The music is meditative and calm-inducing, though occasionally it leans a little too much towards Opal Records tropes, particularly the piano-led pieces. [Apr 2016, p.62]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Even at its strangest, Echtzeit still feels thoroughly calm and relaxed, as the trio is more than comfortable with venturing into uncharted territory."
The Quietus,70,"Heavily arranged around Hans-Joachim's piano playing, much of the music on Echtzeit is surprisingly melodic, as Qluster keeps a thawing pace throughout the album."
PopMatters,60,"This is music to (quite pleasantly) while away dozy afternoons, but its far from being as transcendently atmospheric as the many great records Roedelius has been a part of in the past."
AllMusic,60,"A lack-Qluster addition to the Roedelius catalogue, perhaps, but fascinating in its own way. [Apr 2016, p.79]"

Pitchfork,80,"Vrhtelij is most definitely descended from trope-riddled black metal, but no other band is anywhere near taking the music in a more interesting and open-ended direction while retaining its brutal core."
Magnet,80,"For those willing to take this on its own terms, the payoff for listening is enormous."
Uncut,80,"With their fourth album Vrhtelij theyve finally made a record that fully follows through on the paradoxical promise of their component parts."
The Line of Best Fit,79,"Vrhtelij is a weird, grotesque record, where genres are superimposed on one another and where eccentric choices are the rule and not the exception. Yes, Oranssi Pazuzu is out of the old black metal box and lost--wonderfully, strangely--somewhere between heaven and hell."

Record Collector,80,"This is the first real must own art rock record of the year. Besides Blackstar, of course."
Dusted Magazine,80,"As extreme music, Bloodiest is excessive, unforgiving, and unrelenting. It's bent and twisted. As such, this album nearly dictates compulsive listening."
The Quietus,70,"If there's a downside to the rumbly growl emerging from the twisted minds of Chicago's Bloodiest, it's the sextet's unwillingness to push tempos beyond a snarling, hammer-slams-nail, mid-paced plod. However, when a gold-standard knuckle-dusting thats part Swans churn, part Neurosis tribal stomp with Unsanes propulsive groove is employed, does a lack of temporal variety matter? Probably not. [Feb 2016, p.102]"
PopMatters,65,"With this album, they stake their claim to a musical inheritance left behind by predecessors who flouted boundaries and bastardized conventional notions of heaviness. Fittingly, they make the best of that inheritance by striking out on their own."
The Wire,60,"For the most part, this is an awkward journey that sounds like no-one else. Try it but don't expect an easy ride. [9 Jan 2016, p.52]"

AllMusic,100,"This is the soundtrack to the decline of our species, once again illustrating that Sunn O))) is one of the most interesting and progressive groups in heavy music."
Exclaim,83,"At a mere 35 minutes, Kannon is a fleeting journey. But in that allotted time, Sunn do what they do best, crafting an inescapable atmosphere of flowing drone metal, and as a whole, its arguably their best composition to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is beyond immersive; this is music to suffer a cleansing obliteration to."
Uncut,80,"Whats left is distinctly Sunn O))) in scope and scale, as heavy and loud and intense as anything theyve produced."
The Quietus,80,"The album retains a taste for annihilation. [Dec 2015, p.56]"
AllMusic,80,"While some will still view the album as a 30-minute intro to a track that never starts, others will want to pull this cacophonous duvet up to their chins and luxuriate in what might just be the most sumptuous, atmospheric and varied SunnO))) album to date."
Spin,80,"ts concise nature, glossy finish and sense of clarity (something that even extends to the band photography) suggest that, as strange as it might seem, this is not a return to Sunn O)))s metal roots, but is instead, for all intents and purposes, their pop album."
Pitchfork,80,"The slo-mo mantras of this three-part suite successfully blast the divisions between high and low culture to smithereens. [5 Dec 2015, p.52]"
PopMatters,80,"Kannon will leave other neophytes feeling awed by the complexity and physicality achieved here. [Jan 2016, p.70]"
AllMusic,80,"The lack of any sort of beat only adds to the disorientation. And yet, played loudly enough, Kannon sounds astonishing: by turns eerie, hypnotic and thrilling."
Alternative Press,80,"On Kannon, Sunn O))) illustrates through heavy sonic immersion that noise and silence are equals--aspects of circular, self-perpetuating emptiness. Like the persona of the deity, they generously receive and contain all the sounds of the world in all their dimensions of darkness and light."
Pitchfork,80,"A singular listening experience, Kannon is best consumed at extreme volume and with an open mind."
Kerrang!,80,"The abstract, astral plane trifecta of the Kannon pieces is undeniable and one suspects that the spiritual connections these masters hold with their instruments and the frequencies which emanate are deeper and more remarkable than we could have imagined."
The A.V. Club,80,"Its a daunting 30 minutes of music, but theres something surprisingly calming about Kannon, something that hints at the hidden depths beneath Sunn O)))s cloak-and-dagger routine."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The riff mantras that comprise each of these three 'Kannon' are among the most laser-focused and emotionally charged pieces ever to emerge from the camp."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Kannon, like Terrestrials, says its three-section piece in under 40 minutes, but is a more intense, punishing affair."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Sunn O))) devotees will find satisfaction, but newcomers should start with 2009s igneous rock classic Monoliths & Dimensions."
The Wire,80,"Kannon certainly wont be delivering any Christmas number ones, but what Sunn O))) have managed to deliver is an exhilarating, colon-shaking song cycle of pitch black metal that will perfectly complement those approaching January blues."
Record Collector,70,"Even as they add unimaginable depths to a deceptively simple form, Kannon reasserts their commitment to merely existing, unapologetically out of genre and out of time."
musicOMH.com,70,"Kannon is Sunn O)))'s most sparse offering in years, but the experiment in meditative metal minimalism is more than capable of shooting listeners towards a higher plane of consciousness."
Kerrang!,70,"Kannon is surprising in two ways. One is its brevity: just over half an hour. The other is its austerity, even for a fairly austere band. This music demands a lot. Its hard to love, and hard to share."
Uncut,65,"[Anderson and O'Malley] find a middle ground of compromise that steers safely away from the frisson of conflict. At least they sound good doing it."
The Observer (UK),60,"Ultimately, this is tinkering around the edges of a formula rather than a bold stylistic shift--and while this makes Kannon an easy disc to recommend to newcomers, ultimately it goes nowhere SunnO))) havent gone before."
AllMusic,60,"The dynamics seem tired: boom leads to bliss and back to boom again. It's more of the same harsh, ambient wallpaper (peeling) stuff."
Boston Globe,50,"Ignoring the conceptual background, Kannon only achieves the very cusp of the transportative, magical power of past Sunn O))) albums."

PopMatters,80,"Beyond Belief is at its best when exploring the conflict beneath."
The Guardian,80,"Returning fans won't be disappointed, while newcomers with a taste for blissful journeys will likely be entranced."
Under The Radar,80,"McGuire's reputation doesn't need any further solidification at this point, but Beyond Belief is another worthy instalment in his hugely respectable catalogue."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Beyond Belief is somewhat less guitar-centric than Along the Way, but otherwise it is more in most every other way."
Mojo,70,"It's a Mark McGuire record in the way he plunges into all his personal enthusiasms and arrives somewhere more interesting when he comes up for air. [Nov 2015, p.56]"

The Line of Best Fit,90,"City Lake is a stunning, humble record built on traditions we all understand, yet, somehow feels dizzyingly new."
Spin,80,"City Lake is a more physical offering [than Tomorrow Was the Golden Age], but no less beautiful."
Exclaim,76,"City Lake is a glimpse at the raw materials before all the splinters have been sanded down--and it is all the more exciting for them."
The New York Times,72,"Three bonus tracks included with the re-release are almost as good, though they stretch the album to a daunting 75 minutes. City Lake's main effect is to make you appreciate the charms of its successor all the more. Its main effect, but not its only one."
Pitchfork,70,"City Lake is a stunning testament to indie classical musics growth as a movement entirely of its own."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Brilliantly delirious or deliriously brilliant, International Blackjazz Society is the mark of a band that are losing their minds in the best possible way. [7 Nov 2015, p.52]"
NOW Magazine,80,"There's definitely a smart-dumbness to what Shining does here: International Blackjazz Society sounds like Nine Inch Nails circa The Hand That Feeds, with an earnest deployment of such dinosaur vulgarities as cowbells, hard-boogie keyboards, and shout-along choruses."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"International Blackjazz Society is not only smartly conceived, Shining's songwriting, arranging, playing, and production are also completely inspired."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"One of extreme musics most adventurous bands continues blazing its own path. [Nov 2015, p.97"
AllMusic,70,"Whether its the Nine Inch Nails-meets John Coltrane scree of The Last Stand, the avant-jazz experimentation of House of Warship or the trippy classic rock hooks and ominous ambient drones of House of Control, IBS makes Marilyn Manson sound as rebellious as Ed Sheeran."
Exclaim,70,"Two things are certain by the time these nine songs come to a close: Shining are still figuring out what exactly blackjazz is, which means for the rest of us that a thrilling ride is still in order."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Its as unhinged as it is straightforward; as it acquires mass in the choruses it seems to list off the ground into some new, uncertain gravity. For all the blur and motion of their music, this hint of deeper chaos might be the album's most exciting moment."
The Wire,60,"It cuts and blazes and works well live in all its kinetic abandon but, if Shining really want to lay claim to a new genre, they need to integrate their progressive elements into the mix rather than add them as a side option."

The Quietus,82,"With each turn back and forth, its a better, more confident band delivering the next phase. So even as All Across This Land is a triumph of Blitzen Trappers classic rock sensibilities, perhaps theres an oddball masterpiece waiting in the wings."
AllMusic,80,"The ballad Love Grow Cold has a hazy, 80s sheen and the rest of the album has its feet planted firmly in the 70s, but this is nevertheless a slick and timeless collection of songs."
Pitchfork,80,"Blitzen Trapper's rock-solid eigth boasts a pair of instant grabbers. [Dec 2015, p.69]"
Resident Advisor,80,"The songs that pull in the attention are the lumbering riff-rockers, the ones that open the album and set a muscular, nostalgic tone that, if you're of a certain disposition, is pretty hard to resist."
PopMatters,70,"This is a trustworthy and worthy addition to ones album collection and live appointment book."
Kerrang!,65,"The arrangements and execution have finely coalesced, but the anything-goes spirit that sparked Blitzen Trappers late 00s renaissance seems to have moved on. The wild mountain nation has been tamed."
Slant Magazine,60,"Eighth LP settles into a classic rock groove. [Jan 2016, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"They play one too many Springsteen cards with the dark Cadillac Road (at this point, Bruce pretty much owns any lyrics that revolve around mills shutting down), but the record ends on another strong track, Across the River. Taken as a whole, All Across This Land is one of the groups strongest offerings in years."
Alternative Press,60,"Singer-songwriter Eric Earley falls back on more subdued, and largely more generic, folksy Neil Young/Bob Dylanisms."
Revolver,50,"Ultimately, it seems that the likes of Springsteen, Dylan, and the rest of the well-worn idols, call many more of the shots than Blitzen Trapper as an independent entity."
PopMatters,40,"Cliched lyrics and predictable musicality make every song here sound the same.   [No. 125, p.53]"

Pitchfork,100,"Over and over, listen after listen and Half Free just plain sends. Mastermind Meg Remys first album for the vaunted 4AD label is bursting with vivid, cracked imagination and cool mastery of slippery pop allure."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"With Half Free, Remy has made a brilliant, accessible, edgy pop record without compromising her ideals one iota--and hopefully has surreptitiously brought her into a wider light."
Paste Magazine,80,"The cleaner production of Half Free ups the anxiety. [Oct 2015, p.58]"
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"The record is a veritable patchwork of perspectives. It elevates the voices of women who, on paper, might seem broken, were it not for Remys ability to trade desperation for cynical dynamism."
Uncut,80,"Half Free is both a revelation and a breakthrough, one that finds Remy elevating her songwriting panache while carrying a certain mysticism that seems grounded in both plausibility and commonality."
AllMusic,80,"Chirping Half Frees most compelling of its many indelible hooks, she tries to convince whoever listens You all have nothing here / You have so much to fear. An oscillator throbs at nightmare frequency."
PopMatters,80,"This is the unmistakeable sound of a star being born: this is an album with something to say, in a voice all of its own."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"These songs are pretty, but something intense seethes just beneath the surface. [Nov 2015, p.83]"
Mojo,80,"Occasionally Half Free can sound dense to the point of being vexing, but its vivid imagery and striking melodies keep Remys more self-indulgent tendencies grounded in a classic pop sensibility."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Granted, the guitar and sax rocker 'Sed Knife' stands out for the wrong reasons  it's maybe a little too clean and straightforward given the context--but after years of flirting with the fringes, Half Free hits the art-pop bullseye."
Slant Magazine,80,"Even as its backdrop mutates from deep-house throbs to psych-rock guitar solos, Half Free always focuses your attention to where it should be: on Remy's radiant voice and vivid storytelling."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Overall, Half Free straddles a neat balance between bittersweet pop hooks and murky, adventurous production."
Magnet,60,"A fifth album that offers, well, more of the same."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Not all [are] successful, but the extent of her ambition cannot be faulted. [Oct 2015, p.90]"

The Quietus,85,"Musically, Good Sad Happy Bad is both challenging and engrossing."
The Wire,80,"Good Sad Happy Bad is ultimately an optimistic record; it tries to bring out the positive in some of the most negative sounds around."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"With their uncanny knack of still sounding like very few other bands before or since their early stirrings, faith in letting the 'moment' loose has once more revealed Levi, Pell and Khan to be a strange and sorcerous triptych unto themselves."
No Ripcord,80,"Her combination of interior logic and the immediacy of improvisation is also captivating. This is deceptive, singular and highly creative music."
PopMatters,80,"Beneath those perverted pop bounces, though, are some sadder, softer moments, and a reminder that Levi doesnt just need discordant noise to twist your insides."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This fourth album takes then back to the headlong kitchen-sink pop of their excellent 2009 debut Jewellery. [Oct 2015, p.95]"
Uncut,80,"Levi's penchant for cracked-up nursery-rhyme melodies and wry humour elevate what might've been an exercise in wilful primitivism. [Oct 2015, p.80]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Its odd, yes, and quite, quite daft, but executed with some real charm."
Exclaim,70,"Even if this isn't their easiest or most satisfying listening, they're still a remarkably unique band."
Pitchfork,70,"Sure, it scream 'art project,' but that's besides the point. [Aug-Sep 2015, p.65]"
AllMusic,69,"Although Good Sad Happy Bad is certainly the bands least polished-sounding record, the combination of the scattered arrangements and Levis ruminations on sadness shrewdly underline the topsy-turvy feeling suggested by the title. Even with the bands music messily chopped, looped, and jangled, the emotional messages always ring clear."
The Guardian,62,"Good Sad Happy Bad is a collection of intriguing sketches that might have been developed into a record; instead, theyre left to suffer in demo-like ambiguity."
Mojo,60,"Good Sad Happy Bad is more an interesting record than a piece of music youll return to for enjoyment. Its a fun place to visit, but you might not want to live there."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Good Sad Happy Bad ultimately comes across as frustratingly hollow, a hodgepodge of unvarnished ideas that don't amount to their true potential."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"For all its unwieldy eccentricity, Good Sad Happy Bad is still fascinating."
The Quietus,60,"The cumulative effect of these strange patchwork songs as in the end ambivalent. [Sep 2015, p.48]"
musicOMH.com,60,"There's an intriguing musical intelligence operating underneath. [Oct 2015, p.113]"
New Musical Express (NME),58,"As a document of reunion between friends, Good Sad Happy Bad feels honest enough. On its own, it hits a note too lethargic and too muted to stick the way Levis past work has done."
Mojo,40,"Good Sad Happy Bad feels like a curio: a work-in-progress raw recording that hints at better things to come rather than the real deal."
Uncut,40,"Good Sad Happy Bad--born out of a heavily edited jam session--feels more shapeless and, as a result, more frustrating."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Fernandez's tunes have an endearing air of fragility. [Jul 2015, p.75]"
AllMusic,80,"Fernandez is a warm presence, murmuring his stream-of-consciousness lyrics on mini-masterpieces that promise a sunny future."
Under The Radar,70,"Fernandez's engaging, exploratory songcraft and the plush result of all the component sounds should appeal to post-rock-minded folks as well as those who favor artful, low-key intensity to bombast."
Pitchfork,70,"Many Levels of Laughter might not have the drugged out vibe that most psych enthusiasts search for, but J Fernandez's versatility makes him one of the most exciting new artists around."
Paste Magazine,67,"At barely more than 30 minutes of lingering in spacey grooves, Many Levels of Laughter may not be as focused, but it certainly shows another intriguing, clever songwriter on the rise."

Blurt Magazine,70,"Think Africa 70 minus the choruses and sax solos. If that doesnt sound heretical to you, the groove awaits."
No Ripcord,63,"At its best moments, Sounding Lines drifts in an intriguingly ambiguous space where each member invokes the genres theyre best known for playing while bending generously to accommodate their partners."
DIY Magazine,60,"There's the occasional hint of another, more vivid album.... Elsewhere they often seem all too separate, like combatants squaring off in a strange, airless room."
The Wire,60,"The highlights, unsurprisingly, occur when Allen is allowed to exert more of his power, heard in the darting/jabbing third and twisting sixth tracks. Those two tracks are worth the wait."
Q Magazine,40,"This trio are rarely an ecstatic proposition, preferring the slow burn to the white flame, but in truth there's little heat here at all. [Aug 2015, p.54]"

Consequence of Sound,80,"The duo leaven Perfect Worlds miserablism with just enough smeared hooks and doom-metal licks to make converts of the underground faithful and the casual headbanger; as tortured triumphs go, this debut is a doozy."
Record Collector,80,"Their world might be lined by wrack and ruin, but it's a world that fits them like a studded glove."
The Observer (UK),79,"The furious yowling on each track off Uniforms Perfect World belies some pretty arresting compositional finery."
The Quietus,76,"The album's six songs work within the limits of hardcore and industrial to create a monolithic record that slyly undermines its central thrust."
PopMatters,70,"Perfect World is exhilarating and exhausting art that shrouds an exposed core with sonic brutality."

The New York Times,80,"The 6ft 5in, broad-shouldered Gibson finally sounds the part. [Jul 2015, p.90]"
AllMusic,80,"Singular and unsettlingly sophisticated. [Jul 2015, p.76]"
Q Magazine,70,"Carnation restores some of the eerie, discombobulated feel of his debut."
Uncut,70,"It may take some perseverance to get on board here with Gibsons vision--but, if you achieve that, then youll be rewarded with a record thats as beguiling as it is strange."
Under The Radar,70,"If theres any minor quibble, its that Carnation stacks its front half with the hits, leaving the second bit a bit anemic."
Exclaim,70,"If it often gets over on mood rather than message, Gibson turns out to be an impressively good mood guy, and the production (by Gibson and Randall Dunn) gets the details right, making Carnation sound like a middle-of-the-night album for a man whose sense of style is matched only by his knack for poor choices."
Pitchfork,65,"Carnation is at its best when Gibson unabashedly embraces his eccentricities."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Gibson's music has a strange timelessness faded and well-mulched, though there are moments when the mood proves a little too sludgy to be memorable. [Jul 2015, p.106]"
Resident Advisor,60,"A frustrating album whose unremitting melancholy frequently feels like an endurance test."
Spin,50,"The problem isn't with Carnation's expansive instrumental palette, but with the way that the record struggles to use its sounds to captivate, often letting each part float away into the ether."
musicOMH.com,43,"On Carnation, he tries and fails to be something other than himself."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"Dumb Flesh on the other hand feels like a direct continuation of the last superb Fuck Buttons album, Slow Focus, albeit a good deal warmer than its overpowering austere chilliness."
Drowned In Sound,80,"In a U-turn from the cerebral escape of Blanck Mass, Dumb Flesh stretches tautly over gnarled techno bones."
Clash Music,80,"Hes giving you something you might find familiar or even commercial by its basic outlines. But hes still got ways to make it uncanny: close, loud and abrupt."
Mojo,80,"A danceable memento mori, Dumb Flesh is mischievous, poignant, and quite likely Sacred Bones' most accessible release of 2015."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Dumb Flesh strikes a fabulously oxymoronic tone: euphoric dread. [Jun 2015, p.100]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Generally, Dumb Flesh is more gleaming and monolithic than ever. [Jun 2015, p.71]"
AllMusic,80,"Dumb Flesh is a vast leap forward for Power's solo career, which peels back flesh from bone to reveal a throbbing, palpitating polyrhythmic masterpiece. [Apr-May 2015, p.89"
The Quietus,80,"Power manages to keep Dumb Flesh sounding uniform and digestible, a great feat for an artist hell-bent on dissecting his craft."
Drowned In Sound,76,"Like Power's best work, Dumb Flesh moves you when it literally moves you."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"The album is vivid between shadows, pulsing with the diseased blood of a body slowly losing its motivation to carry on. Had Power pushed himself to soundtrack this deconstruction through the minimalist nature of his quiet work, though, Dumb Flesh could have been fully realized."
The A.V. Club,72,"It's slightly ludicrous, highly theatrical and great fun."
Record Collector,70,"Maybe not what they originally had in mind when they used to call it Electronic body music, but a stunning reinterpretation nonetheless."
The Wire,70,"There are some fine moments here, but all too often Dumb Flesh seems like a diluted version of Fuck Buttons."
Blurt Magazine,70,"A standalone success that also whets the appetite for Fuck Buttons return."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"This is beautiful, disgusting, danceable, and nightmarish music. It allures and repels in equal measure, bursting with thoughtful concepts and successful experiments in sculpting electronic noises into something danceable, melodic and meaningful."
Q Magazine,70,"It would be wrong to say that this is an enjoyable album, but it is rewarding in its own way."
AllMusic,60,"You can't accuse Powers of resting on his laurels--although it's at the expense of some of that first record's unique character. [Jul 2015, p.91]"
Mojo,60,"Its as if the music has already presented itself. But it hasnt. Titles cant describe timbres or structures: they can only point to them."
The Independent (UK),40,"The totalitarian self-regard of these bombastic modular synth symphonies owes more to Queens One Vision than it does to Kraftwerks Man Machine."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"Perhaps Musique de Film Imagin is intended as a rsum item for the Brian Jonestown Massacre, but if it is, it's a fine sample of Anton Newcombe's work, and anyone who thinks Take It from the Man! or Strung Out in Heaven represented the limits of his abilities will encounter a pleasant surprise with this album."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Now everything is dark and obscure, ghostly, as if moving in slow motion, bursting here and there in a few powerful and desperate explosions, mainly when Soko and Argento get to sing."
PopMatters,70,"Musique de Film Imagin isnt quite the most moving album youll ever here, but, more than most, it works."
Uncut,50,"Its music from an imagined film, not an imaginary film in music; and although laudably ambitious, it goes down as an opportunity missed."

Drowned In Sound,83,"The band may castigate the apathy endemic to the masses, but it doesnt wallow. It instead throbs, bristles, and ultimately galvanizes, vividly documenting whats been lost in our comfortably numb political complacency while brazenly providing a template for what can be done to re-gain it."
DIY Magazine,80,"Citizen Zombie is more disciplined and linear than its epochal predecessors, yet it also reveals that its creators remain a force to be reckoned with."
The Observer (UK),80,"Citizen Zombie is not a refusal. Rather, it's a fully plugged in reckoning with the eternal power of now. [Feb 2015, p.49]"
The Guardian,80,"Citizen Zombie resurrects a band thats still evolving, rather than a nostalgia act, and is all the better for it."
Pitchfork,80,"Marred only slightly by a couple of scrappy tunes, the album feels like a life-affirming reminder of anarchist Emma Goldman's celebrated maxim that the only worthwhile revolution is one you can dance to. [Apr 2015, p.96]"
Exclaim,80,"The 11 tracks on Citizen Zombie find these progenitors of the 'Bristol sound' in satisfying rude health. [Apr 2015, p.108]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Citizen Zombie sidesteps the pitfalls of having to live up to former glories by disregarding them altogether and reaching instead for new, weird heights."
AllMusic,80,"At this temporal distance from the shock of their new, the post-millennial Pop Group are engaging, galvanizing, and far from unlistenable in its ongoing fusions of Afrobeat, funk and dub."
Uncut,80,"The Pop Groups signature mode of deviant funk, with dub effects and tangled guitar distortion wielded with razoring disregard for polite taste, is still disconcerting and the focus of their anger is still sharp, albeit refracted through allegory and apocalyptism."
musicOMH.com,80,"They have always effortlessly switched registers, blurred genre boundaries and smattered their lyrics with eclectic cultural references. Citizen Zombie does all of these things, without loosing its political edge."
NOW Magazine,78,"A most welcome comeback."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The Pop Groups sound on Citizen Zombie is considerably bigger, but not necessarily tighter."
The Wire,70,"The most striking thing about Citizen Zombie is how young and naive and happy it all sounds. [Mar 2015, p.74]"
Mojo,70,"Citizen Zombie is a lot of fun, which is both a blessing and a curse."
Paste Magazine,60,"It would be difficult for any band to return with new music after 35 years of absence but with Citizen Zombie the always challenging Pop Group have succeeded in returning with something vibrant, urgent and necessary."
Exclaim,60,"The music gets better and better, with the out-and-out xx-y Age of Miracles breaking sonically satisfying new ground."
AllMusic,60,"With producer Paul (Adele) Epworth at the helm, there is a new gentility here."
NOW Magazine,24,"The result of so much suspicion is an album thats somehow both loud and timid--all clamor and no soul."

The Line of Best Fit,90,"Skullsplitter is a triumph of post-modern songwriting, where decisions can be recast and repurposed to suit the needs of the present."
Kerrang!,80,"Skullsplitter is ultimately that: comforting, even more so than it is odd."
AllMusic,80,"For all its sonic investigation and ellipticity, Skullsplitter is an intimate, even readily accessible offering that is quite human in its unhurried exposition of emotional depth and vulnerability."
Alternative Press,80,"More heartmelter than skullsplitter--but just as ruinous. [Mar 2015, p.73]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Each song is so comforting, peaceful and downright beautiful that its like being lost in a wonderful auditory dream."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"When Chenaux alights on something more typically songlike, he sparks both anticipation and memory: an interesting marriage of nostalgia and novelty."
The Wire,70,"Although it is exploratory in terms of space and texture, Skullsplitter is anything but incidental; it unfolds like an epic poem, in all its boundary-dissolving creativity and intentional patterning."
The Wire,70,"Chenaux's mastery over his effects is remarkable, but occasionally off-putting. [Feb 2015, p.44]"
Record Collector,60,"Adrift in a sun-warped dome of guitar wah, wobble and dub. [Apr 2015, p.89]"

musicOMH.com,80,"This is a massive slab of American skronk."
AllMusic,80,"Hearing these two famously unrestricted musicians distil their maximalist instrument vernaculars to primal fits of abstract brutality makes Full Bleed is a fascinatingly insightful record."
Exclaim,70,"Aspiring to both the abandon of spiritual jazz and the burning nihilism of black metal, Moloney and Moore land somewhere else entirely, in a bleak world of noise and disdain that sounds like a state of mind both players feel alarmingly at home in."
Pitchfork,40,"The concept's fine, but the results are more self-indulgent and boring than challenging. For Sonic Youth obsessives only."
Under The Radar,30,"Full Bleed reveals a complete lack of understanding of the dynamics of black metal. It doesnt sound like a black metal record and never gets close to sounding like it."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"This is a wholly disturbing listen. [6 Dec 2014, p.54]"
Mojo,80,"At its best Ttma is just as intelligent and compelling as Patton's collaborations with John Zorn; hopefully Patton and Pateras will have more dangerous visions for us all in the future (if there is one)."
Q Magazine,70,"This album takes time to settle into, but once you are acclimated, it will leave you tingling. [Jan 2015, p.94]"
Uncut,70,"Geocidal is a fascinating listen purely for the fact that it acknowledges no boundaries: musical, geographical or otherwise. You may not love it; you may not even like it; but you'll pay rapt attention regardless. What it lacks in immediacy, the duo's debut album makes up for in sheer spirit."
PopMatters,70,"Recorded in sessions at a French convent and a San Francisco studio and featuring analogue electronics alongside strings, brass and woodwind, Geocidal is monolithic."
Blurt Magazine,50,"The mish-mash of styles wouldn't be an issue if it sounded like Pateras and Patton were surrendering to something other than themselves, but what comes across instead is a desire to demonstrate mastery. [Jan 2015, p.70]"

AllMusic,80,"The tracks here, presented with the intention that other will use them as a creative starting pint, nevertheless feel fully realised, evoking a succession of fleeting states and ambiguous atmospheres. [Dec 2014, p.57]"
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"You become mesmerised by Der Kaffee Kocht, its contagious rhythm produced by the rasp of a file, or the clanging Sur Le Ventre, with Peron exhorting in French."
Magnet,80,"Faust have produced 12 tracks that perfectly encapsulate what they can do so well: to create catchy, bizarre sounds. Its Popmusik/subversive all over again."
The Quietus,70,"Decades after their freewheeling beginnings, Just Us still shows a picture of a band as playful as it is fearless, willing to pick up any object, idea, or unlikely concept and transform it effortlessly into something strange and captivating."
musicOMH.com,70,"As an experiment in open source sharing, j US t misses the mark; instead, Faust have left the listener with an oddly listenable LP."
Record Collector,68,"Some songs maintain the attraction of anticipation, hinting at where they might go without ever fully abandoning other options. But others feel more flat than ripe, not so much flirting with tense silence as drifting into empty inertia."
Q Magazine,65,"Faust explore a wide range of sounds, sometimes by changing the character of an instrument--or a non-instrument. [Dec 2014, p.90]"
Mojo,65,"jUSt is by no means a catastrophe, it's just too empty an artefact to recommend to fans of a band who once infuriated, teased, scalded, intoxicated and destroyed their listeners with effortless aplomb."
Pitchfork,60,"While an absorbing listen in their original form these largely uncluttered canvasses also present an opportunity for further remodeling bounded only by the imaginations of those ready and willing to pick up the gauntlet. [Jan 2015, p.97]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Whether Faust is actually music has been debated since their 1971 debut, but whichever side you take, it's brilliant to have Peron and Diermaier still asking the question. [Jan 2015, p.125]"
Record Collector,60,"Much here feels underdeveloped. [Jan 2015, p.71]"
Magnet,40,"Faust has very little idea where theyre taking anyone."
PopMatters,40,"Too much space and too little aggro makes for a dull Faust, alas, and by the end of the album attention spans may well drift toward grocery lists or navel lint."

Pitchfork,90,"Different Every Time goes much further than previous comps in communicating the vast range of Wyatt's musical persona and is a brilliant introduction for newcomers."
Uncut,80,"Always engaging, occasionally magical. [Jan 2015, p.129]"
Mojo,80,"Different Every Time is a two-CD overview illuminating Wyatt's strengths as a musician, politically outspoken performer, singer, bandmate, leader and composer. [No. 116, p.61]"
Q Magazine,80,"Wyatt has sustained and continues to sustain himself with quality, idiosyncrasy, and integrity over so long a time, as these eight sides so amply demonstrate."
AllMusic,80,"Different Every Time succeeds, though, in illustrating just how versatile and original this creative spirit has been, and how he will no doubt cast a long shadow of influence in the future."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Different Every Time joins the dots between those songs (the questing, experimental Moon In June and wise, heartbreaking Just As You Are) to stunning effect on Disc One, while a second CD collates some of the wildly sociable Wyatts best extra-curricular work."
Under The Radar,80,"This compilation once more confirms, Wyatt demands, deserves and ultimately abundantly repays, the fullest attention. [Dec 2014, p.120]"
The Wire,80,"Wyatt's keening, unaffected, peculiarly comforting voice is the uniquely compelling common denominator. [Dec 2014, p.110]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"Its curious track listing is split between a disc of Wyatt-as-frontman and a disc of Wyatt-as-guest."

Sputnikmusic,100,"This is music of stellar quality, from the smirking masturbation anthem Low Yo Yo Stuff to the berserk wizardry of Big Eyed Beans from Venus."
Pitchfork,100,"Extra tracks aside, the three parent albums are all remarkable realisations of the Captains fertile imagination."
AllMusic,95,"The songs contained within make fellow travelers such as Dr. John or Tom Waits sound like eunuchs. Marvelous stuff. [No. 116, p.55]"
Exclaim,90,"An embarrassment of singular and, yes, genius riches to be found in these albums, albums worth going through again and again for the steady stream of reveals, not the compounding of mystery."
Uncut,88,"A handy 4xCD compilation (disc four a fascinating set of outtakes and unreleased material) that captures the good Captains cagey albeit failed move towards mainstream rock acceptance."
AllMusic,80,"As bootlegs from the period have shown, there's a good three hours of stuff out there from these and the so-called 'Brown Star Sessions' for Clear Spot. On the fourth  disc here, you can find the pick of it. [Dec 2014, p.85]"
Exclaim,80,"It ranks among the best work of a major innovator and his unfeasibly talented Magic Bands. [Dec 2014, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"A fourth disc of out-takes shines a light on alternate versions and work-in-progress songs that would surface on later albums. [Dec 2014, p.123]"
The Wire,80,"The alternates of songs that were on the albums are interesting but not revelatory, but hearing these early versions of songs that appeared on later albums is pretty fascinating."
PopMatters,78,"Three albums isn't especially encompassing, but if you're invested in deciphering the legend of Captain Beefheart, Sun Zoom Spark boxes up more vitals."
The Quietus,75,"The record is as refreshingly undated as the moment it first exited the pressing plant. [Dec 2014, p.69]"

Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Gengras's sublime drones--layers and layers of modular synth--evoke the spectacle and tragic history of his native California's wilderness. [Jun 2014, p.62]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Ishi may be a lullaby, calling Ishis and Gengras friends to rest, but ultimately it imparts a peace to all who oscillate within the flux of the universe."
Pitchfork,78,"For anyone interested in the world of contemporary analog synthesizer music, Ishi should be a welcome addition to any collection."
Sputnikmusic,76,"The headspace it produces is calming but frequently, dreamily surreal, and it often seems like a better place to live than the world outside it."
The Wire,70,"The result of hearing Ishi in full is a desolate, somewhat submerged feeling, with both the sounds of space travel and the light years of loneliness and isolation coming through in the album's many layers of gentle noise and spiraling synth leads."
AllMusic,70,"Peaceful yet highly engaging, Ishi invokes the masters of modular synthesis, a music rooted in technology that somehow comes across as utterly primeval."

Exclaim,90,"An entirely ravishing aesthetic experience. [Jun 2014, p.76]"
The Line of Best Fit,90,"The loving layers of static, submerged guitar progressions, and effortless meshes of naturalistic themes and glitchy processing all play into a language of sound distinct to Fennesz and reaching some of their clearest articulations here."
Pitchfork,90,"With Bcs, Fennesz achieves the near-impossible, crafting a musical sequel that retains the energy, vision and flow of its predecessor."
Uncut,80,"The soundtrack to blissful bucolic afternoons threatened by the black clouds of the coming apocalypse. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Becs is something of a return, then, but equally it demonstrates that the guitarist's approach to pop composition has developed considerably over the past 13 years. [May 2014, p.83]"
Magnet,80,"It captivates and betrays the listener who, unaware of the deceitful plan, falls victim of the most heinous crime in art: representation through deconstruction."
musicOMH.com,80,"Musically, it's painfully simple; sonically, it's painfully complex."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Bcs is seldom unapproachable; its also his style to leave just enough beauty poking through the seams."
Paste Magazine,80,"At points, listening to Becs is to hear gauze become gossamer, and feel it too."
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"The relative warmth and light here gives the music a nostalgic cast, which was at the heart of what made Endless Summer so memorable, but Bcs also possesses an added layer that doesnt necessarily work in its favor. Fennesz once illuminated the beauty of a digitally scrambled memory, but Bcs is a memory of a digitally scrambled memory."
AllMusic,76,"There aren't many artists who can deconstruct and rebuild such interesting tracks equally based on both disturbing and exquisite soundscapes, yet Fennesz continues his winning streak."

Blurt Magazine,80,"The compositions recorded by Matt Carlson and Jonathan Sielaff's synth and reeds duo have a sense a purpose often lacking in the hit and miss  output of today's numerous modular operators. [Apr 2014, p.63]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The album reaches its apex on the soaringly beautiful 'Flight Song,' evoking at once the best elements and most reflective shades of Eno, Aphex Twin, and free jazz saxophonist Marion Brown."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Seer is certainly another step towards greatness for Golden Retriever."
The Quietus,80,"A glimpse at the album cover for Seer, a severe black circle surrounded by a chaos of stars and glimmers, betrays the albums chief theme: moments of symmetry floating in space."
Exclaim,74,"Golden Retriever has carved a niche thats not strictly indebted to post-Berlin School ambient or to the more organic work of new age composers but rather snags details from both aesthetics."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"The duo of Matt Carlon on Modular synthesiser and Joanthan Sielaff on bass clarinet, are onto something with Seer. [May 2014, p.74]"
Pitchfork,70,"On their fifth release, this Portland, Oregon, drone duo finally find the perfect balance between Matt Carlson's twinkling, modular synths and the bluesy cry of Jonathan Sielaff's bass clarinet."
The Wire,70,"[The] only complaint is that the rest of the LP doesn't quite sustain the power of these two tracks ['Petrichor' and 'Sharp Stones']. [No. 107, p.55]"
PopMatters,70,"All in all, Seer is an amazing addition to the impeccable Thrill Jockey canon, even if Alexander Tucker still sits atop his glittering throne at the apex of Thrill Jockeys recorded output, unchallenged by great but not life-changing records like this."
Magnet,40,"Opening track Petrichor is certainly a trial, layering ominously ringing notes with clarinet blasts and coming on like the soundtrack to your worst nightmares, while the rest of the five-track record flits between welcoming and uncomfortable."

Alternative Press,93,"Its another glorious achievement for an artist who has created so much amazing art since arriving into the world fully formed way back in 1982."
AllMusic,90,"All works of art, like all minds, have the potential to overcome mere sentiment. And that potential is glimpsed here in 10 restless hatchlings that make up Carla Bozulichs new and perhaps most essential record."
Exclaim,90,"It is searing, raw and lusty, tender, open and vulnerable."
Pitchfork,80,"Unlike Waits of late, she works hard to not let the songs become just moody soundscapes. She doesnt always completely achieve this, but does so enough to make this a success."
musicOMH.com,80,"Throughout Boy, the action recedes into a murky distance from which disembodied details reach out like the tiny malevolent creatures that hide under the staircase in your nightmares."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This may be Carla Bozulichs take on pop music, but Boy is rarely anything short of cathartic."
AllMusic,80,"Boy confirms that Bozulich is at least as good as Cave or Waits at contemporising the blues, at crafting bold, gritty, assertive art that is enchantingly oddball yet still accessible, not to mention infinitely rewarding."
Uncut,80,"Simply put, there are few artists with the precision and poetic fortitude of Carla Bozulich, and on Boy, she commands attention like no one else."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Boy is intense, intrusive, brutally honest, compelling and mature if not ironically titled; it certainly bears nothing in common with infancy."
Pitchfork,76,"Her work on Boy should be sufficient to satisfy her longtime followers and perhaps draw some new onlookers into the fold."
Dusted Magazine,70,"If Boy falters, it's toward the end, where out of three softer focused tracks, only 'Danceland' charms its way into the memory. [Mar 2014, p.53]"
Uncut,70,"[The music is] touching and abrasive all at once. Quite an accomplishment for her pop album."

Slant Magazine,75,"These 15 instrumental tracks come across as half exorcism, half jam session, but the result fits pretty well in line with everything they've done in their other bands. [No. 107, p.58]"
Pitchfork,70,"It's an arc of moods and musicianship, ranging from dynamic tension, inspired cinematic tension and moments of textured finesse. [Apr 2014, p.94]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Sure, no one is going to mistake this for an Einsturzende Neubaten or Jesus Lizard album (and most definitely not a Silver Jews disc), but the links to those acts can still be felt in the music here, making this self-titled debut an impressive collaboration between a trio of rather impressive collaborators."
AllMusic,70,"The improv pieces are purposefully positioned so that the Unsemble seemingly upset their own composure, like a film reel that's become stuck: it distorts slowly, then bubbles feverishly until it finally melts away."
Blurt Magazine,66,"Its telling that the Unsemble grip hardest when theyre hewing closely to their inspirations--as well as the bands from which they sprang."
Mojo,60,"Its a shame that this is an album slightly prone to dwelling on its ambience. Still, this is a promising collaboration which Denison, Hacke and Kotue will hopefully choose to reprise and develop."
PopMatters,50,"The Unsemble is an album that sounds like it was phoned in from a bunch of guys who clearly think they just have to turn up to the studio and the magic will flow instantly from the fingers of these master craftsmen."

Drowned In Sound,90,"As displayed on I Am the Last of All the Field That Fell: A Channel, it's also simultaneously holistic, maddening, erotic, bleak, bright, and most of all, visionary."
The New York Times,70,"I Am The Last has a wind in its sails, though, thanks to Tibet's preacher vigour, and an extraordinary guestlist. [May 2014, p.71]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"Each record is made for the true believers, but this new one should at least bring a few more into the fold."
AllMusic,51,"There are flutes and poetry readings, floods of noise and wisps of bass clarinet. Still, such an astounding lineup only serves to reinforce the disappointment of the flat and oftentimes gangly Field."

The Quietus,80,"Alcoholic neer-do-wells or not, New Bums has allowed the duo to ditch old genre entrapments and celebrate new life as troubadours of enrapturing darkness."
The 405,80,"Occasional throwaway aside, there are some real gnarled beauties on display here. [Mar 2014, p.80]"
The Wire,80,"It's a fine album that reveals more about the band's humor and skill with each new listen."
Pitchfork,76,"True to its title, Voices in a Rented Room is modestly scaled and simply structured; the tone and form established in a songs first verse dont change by the time we reach the third. But even within these confines, New Bums rarely retrace their steps."
Under The Radar,75,"On the strength of the songs here and the pitch perfect atmosphere theyve conjured it would be criminal if we didnt hear more from them in the future."
Uncut,70,"New Bums finds two decidedly specific songwriters' styles and voices mesh into something new and different. The combination results in a strange, haunted look into imagined desert scenes, cheap motels, and tales of depraved living, floating by on tunes so unassuming they disappear before the darkness ever truly sets in."
musicOMH.com,60,"Maybe they were trying to evoke Leonard Cohens Songs From a Room but they came up with something sweeter (albeit noir-ish) in the process."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"This is not an uplifting listen. [Apr 2014, p.91]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Voices in a Rented Room is, at its best moments, most certainly the start of something fruitful, even if there are a few small bumps early in the road."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"In general, Voices in a Rented Room is a pleasant if undistinguished record, two old friends revelling in each others company and mutual talents with the occasional moment of technical or emotional aplomb interrupting the bonhomie."
Mojo,50,"Both men put tender wheeze and murmur into their voices, but sing in unison or octaves as a default mode, which grows dull almost instantly."

PopMatters,100,"Along The Way sounds remarkably fresh and vital, in fact, the mark of a gifted musician trying to incorporate his philosophical yearnings into a concrete manifestation that can be shared at will."
Uncut,80,"It's an incredible feat for an artist to make something so enormous and unfolding without losing himself in the process, but McGuire has done just that, and as a result has turned in his most detailed and soul-searching work."
The Independent (UK),80,"It's a work of music that seismically shifts in front of your ears. Melodies form crystalline shapes that grow, morph and solidify under a haze of generative ambience. Some of those ideas laid down on Get Lost have taken shape as an LP, designed to play through from start to finish."
AllMusic,80,"Repeated listening will take you down new paths, unlocking Easter eggs along the way; immersive, entrancing and absolutely non-linear."
The Observer (UK),80,"McGuire creates a journey that will absorb and transport any listener willing to let its sincere warmth and good wishes into their hearts. [Feb 2014, p.54]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),79,"Theres no chest-puffing here, no braggadocio; this is only the very sincere statement of a person doing his best to work through the worries of living and share any delight hes stumbled upon along the way."
PopMatters,70,"McGuire's undeniable talents reward far more times than they disappoint."
Magnet,70,"McGuire's experiments with more conventional structures and arrangements don't always come off--the chuntering drum machines can makes things feel a little brisk and muzaky--but when he hits the spot, track titles like 'In Search Of The Miraculous' don't seem too far-fetched. [Mar 2014, p.78]"
The Wire,70,"In many respects, the intent behind Along The Way is admirable indeed. Many plus points, then; even if just some variation wouldnt have gone amiss. Much like Emeralds back catalogue."
AllMusic,70,"Although his mission proves futile, he approaches it with a curiosity of spirit that makes Along The Way a captivating and nourishing listen, less noodly than his early solo releases and more in the vein of the composerly streak exhibited on 2011s Get Lost."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Although this might not be a record that grabs you by the collar and slaps you in the face with its genius, for those who are happy to give a little of themselves to bring these songs to life, Along The Way could prove an excellent companion for whatever journeys lie ahead."
Pitchfork,60,"A delicate thing, and for all its studied complexity sometimes comes off a touch insubstantial."
Uncut,60,"McGuire's guitar and tape loop examination of his own psycho-dynamics. [Mar 2014, p.96]"
PopMatters,60,"Along the Way is always pretty, but rarely beautiful."

Mojo,70,"A fascinating portal into one of the great musical minds. [Jan 2014, p.89]"
Q Magazine,60,"It gets a bit noodly-doodly at times, but with some stand-out moments, notably the lovely, meditative grace of the bass and guitar alliance in 'XII.'"
The Wire,60,"No End will not appeal to everyone--especially not all Jarrett fans. But those who've closely observed his processes and evolution will likely embrace it, as will fans of experimental guitar-based rock."
Clash Music,60,"More a curiosity than a masterpiece, but a real prize for Jarrett completists."
AllMusic,40,"Mostly No End sounds like pretty much anyone noodling about in their shed."
musicOMH.com,10,"I just spent 93 minutes of listening to something that could have been recorded by my high school music students during a random afternoon of farting around. I am neither uplifted nor healed."

Magnet,80,"Boot! goes back-to-basics in terms of lineup and material, but sounds heavier than ever. [No. 105, p.59]"
Mojo,80,"It's one earthquake/windstorm after another for an hour, possibly the group's best release since 2009's Bag It! [Nov 2013, p.55]"
Uncut,80,"Boot! not only refines what the Thing do, it extends them into a breathtaking sphere where a Babel-like musical conversation takes place, elevating all of its singular elements into a rough, raucous, glorious whole."
The Guardian,80,"While it may not have the varied atmospheres of their best records, sheer strength has always been one of the most effective tools in The Things arsenal."
Filter,77,"Boot! is the Things sixth full-length album and its among the groups finest efforts at pairing bludgeoning physicality with heady free jazz chops."
PopMatters,70,"This LP is their most uncompromising yet. [Dec 2013, p.74]"
Pitchfork,70,"Listeners of free jazz have come to take the chemistry and telepathy of a band like the Thing for granted. This kind of sound is not an everyday occurrence, but it does happen every time these three guys come together. Allow it some staying power."
Rolling Stone,60,"The trio blow out the cobwebs with their relentless blasts of heavy metal sax/bass/drums power. [Feb 2014, p.98]"

Clash Music,80,"[The album blurs] genres with the same ease it blurs expectations. [Oct 2013, p.109]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The album repeats and reiterates her major concerns--artistic, political--and renders them witty and endearing.  [Oct 2013, p.51]"
The Guardian,80,"Bonkers in parts it may be, but Take Me proves hugely enjoyable."
Uncut,80,"Take Me to the Land of Hell delivers performances with the kind of weight--and lightness--that can only come from an artist entering her ninth decade."
AllMusic,80,"The Land Of Hell is always interesting and always moving in many directions at once. Of the artists who can pull off that kind of randomness, Ono remains pre-eminent."
Mixmag,80,"The album is singularly that of Ono's deliciously odd aesthetic. [No. 102, p.59]"
The Wire,80,"Land Is Hell is alive with 21st century energy. [Oct 2013, p.96]"
PopMatters,80,"Take Me To The Land Of Hell is one of Yoko Ono's strongest efforts. [Oct 2013, p.72]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"It's all made without an ounce of self-consciousness, by a woman whose philosophy is neatly summed up in the intro to Bad Dancer: 'When your heart is dancing, your mind is bouncing.'"
Drowned In Sound,76,"The fearsome, intellectual vitality of her funk-metal-electro freak-outs would surely put any teenager to shame."
XLR8r,70,"Hell is more gentle and sensitive than silly. Its also spends more time plunging into new territory than being gentle and sensitive."
Pitchfork,70,"Like most records that lack a central stylistic thrust, Take Me to the Land of Hell often resembles a great collection of tracks instead of a coherent overall work."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Guesting on a Yoko Ono LP has become like getting cast in a Woody Allen film: an artistic validation and New York City-branded right of passage. Its also clearly a hoot."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Glow is that rarest of beasts: a dance album that is equally as good on the dancefloor as it is at home."
The Quietus,80,"[A] belated, frazzled, intense and sometimes overwhelming follow-up album delivers on his promise."
PopMatters,80,"It's an eccentric, all-consuming blizzard. GI Jane is Jackson's take on pro-pop, Vista on west coast disco and Memory on classic 60s songwriting, all bathed in a wash of glitch."
Exclaim,80,"The result is a provocative and sensual album. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Schizophrenic as Glow can feel, its severity shows that Fourgeaud is one of the most interesting, futuristic-minded artists in the game."
Alternative Press,80,"Laced with menace and atomically sonic, this second coming is nothing short of a masterclass in dark craft."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"Listening in one session is like wolfing a hurried seven-course meal with post-dinner coffee and is roughly as messy. [Sep 2013, p.65]"
Pitchfork,60,"Glow never feels as whimsical or demented as Bruce Haack, and while this stuff may have seemed amusingly retro in 1998 or so, in 2013 Glow feels like especially well-trodden territory."
The A.V. Club,60,"Compared to Fourgeauds 2005 debut, Smash, theres a new clarity within the arrangements. Clarity that allows the albums inspirations to excessively bleed through a disorienting IDM facade."
Slant Magazine,60,"Glow, then, is generally a mixed bag, gothic, cinematic and made for large spaces and big stages."
Magnet,50,"Glow feels bloated from the start."
Resident Advisor,42,"They feel like the pieces that stuck to the wall when he threw everything at it."

No Ripcord,91,"It is by no means comfortable, but it results in an album that is experienced rather than simply listened to."
Fact Magazine (UK),90,"Slow Focus is a tremendously gifted album; one that remarks on what electronic music is still capable of, while knowingly realizing that the skys the limit."
AllMusic,90,"Slow Focus is the album Fuck Buttons were born to make."
CMJ,90,"Visceral but poised, mannered but emotionally lucid, seductive but astringent, cacophonous but, yes, focused, the album finds Hung and Power charting kaleidoscopic tableaux out of giddy contradictions with the confidence of dancefloor pros."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Slow Focus was solely produced by Fuck Buttons; a decision that shows how confident, individualistic and fearless this duo have become in a short time."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Slow Focus is unmistakably Fuck Buttons, the logical continuation of the music produced by a duo who never strive to do something expected."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Their less-than-radio friendly name will likely keep them just outside of the mainstream, but what they've accomplished on this monolith of an LP is going to be impossible to ignore during this last half of 2013."
Spin,88,"Though its hardly labyrinthine--these songs proceed in pretty much a linear fashionSlow Focus immerses the listener in an aural landscape that offers so much to explore."
The Fly (UK),87,"Power and Hung have made either the year's most introverted party album or the most expansive loner's album; either way, there are few albums this year that offer this much space to get lost in."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),83,"Sophomore release Tarot Sport provided the giant leap to get to this point, but Slow Focus displays an act from a niche genre deftly handling the necessities and opportunities that come with sudden, rapid ascendance."
DIY Magazine,80,"Beyond constructing music marked by a consummate sense of craftsmanship, Fuck Buttons continue to toy with notions of what an album should be, a natural progression for a band whose only defining quality is their refusal to settle on a definitive sound."
The Guardian,80,"Slow Focus finds them instituting a newfound affinity for broken, off-kilter beats, alongside their now-signature knack for teasing irresistible melodies out of chaotic, discordant noise. [No. 101, p.54]"
Mixmag,80,"Slow Focus is more often than not an Olympic-standard piece of work."
Uncut,80,"If we could compare each of Fuck Buttons works some sort of dazzling spectacle, whether it be a firework display, a meteor shower, falling in love, or something of the like, than Slow Focus makes a strong case for being their most brilliant event yet."
Q Magazine,80,"Rather than a portrait of Fuck Buttons time in the studio, Slow Focus is a hovering meditation on a distant, eerie landscape; a panorama with a sustained, totalising gaze that figures an expanse in perpetual decay and dis-ease."
Clash Music,80,"Slow Focus delivers some of their most masterful and seemingly effortless music yet."
XLR8r,80,"This is the first Fuck Buttons album that feels like post-invasion music. Victory lingers, but it also stings."
Paste Magazine,80,"Slow Focus wears its time well and matches their grand sights."
Under The Radar,80,"Slow Focus isnt alienating, its other, and its a pleasure to take a wander around its unfamiliar landscapes."
Rolling Stone,80,"It is all-consuming and consistently impressive from the off."
NOW Magazine,80,"As clever as Fuck Buttons are at cobbling together unlikely juxtapositions, they're master builders when it comes to tension and release."
Record Collector,80,"A fearsome, mind-bending collection."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"There's no progression or narrative, it's immersive rather than engrossing. Slow Focus is an album to steep yourself in."
The Observer (UK),80,"At times bleak and nigh on disturbing yet always thick with complexity, it's a record which takes many, many listens to get to grips with and rewards repeat listens with almost unbelievable depth."
Mojo,80,"[2009's Tarot Sport's] default emotional setting was somewhere between the kind of breakdown that causes clubbers to throw their hands in the air and the kind of breakdown that ends with you being strapped to a gurney. It's an impressive trick, and one the band repeat on Slow Focus."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Slow Focus is a grisly journey into the unknown, but an exhilarating one--if youre willing to take it."
The Wire,80,"It's compact, often menacing strangeness has its own beauty. [Aug 2013, p.71]"
Exclaim,80,"The whole thing is raw, exhilarating and completely compromised. [Aug 2013, p.102]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Easy on the ear it isnt, but Slow Focus carves its name into the synapses nonetheless, like some sort of unstoppable, power-electronics In Utero."
Pitchfork,75,"Slow Focus has the sheen and seemingly high stakes of a blockbuster movie--and enough easy thrills to compensate for the stakes being, in reality, pretty low."
Kerrang!,71,"They sound like anonymous technoids coming to grips with what it means to want the world in musical terms that will most certainly put their faces on the map. Better invest in some robot helmets."
PopMatters,65,"It's brusque, overwhelming and complicated. But for a band so intent on pushing boundaries, this is a strange, almost faltering, sidestep."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Fuck Buttons third album--a synthesis of noise, hip-hop, drone and shoegaze--is basically avant-garde weightlifting music, forgoing heart and brains in hopes that brute force alone will elevate it to heaven. Occasionally, it does."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Unfortunately, it often veers dangerously close to a corny dystopian sci-fi movie soundtrack, which becomes a little less cute with each listen."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The symphonies Fuck Buttons make remain as miasmic as ever: odd and unusual to hear for the first minute or so, before fully entrancing the listener. Beguiling stuff."
Q Magazine,60,"Here, finally, is some of the ebb and flow, some of the emotion thats been lacking on the album up to this point. What a shame that it comes so close to Slow Focus end."
The Quietus,60,"Variations within repetition is what distinguishes the best drone music, and Slow Focus soundtracks some unnamed disaster with time-lapse photography for the ears."
Exclaim,60,"Slow Focus isn't without merit but you yearn for more. [Aug 2013, p.91]"
Record Collector,40,"Fuck Buttons have created an aural ibuprofen, an auditory Novocaine."
Mojo,40,"Songs like 'Brainfreeze' and 'The Red Wing' plod more than march, piling on so many competing keyboard layers that the melody blots itself out. Others seem oddly unfinished. Only the two closing ten minute tracks evoke the classic Fuck Buttons widescreen neon pomp. [Jul 2013, p.56]"

AllMusic,90,"With this release, Locrian have created a gorgeous piece of musical architecture and filled it with unquiet ghosts."
Pitchfork,80,"Locrian proves itself expert in simultaneously exploiting the warm blanket of beauty and the cold ice water of noise."
PopMatters,80,"This is the rare album that reveals new depth within a catalog that already seemed so deep and ruminative while proclaiming rather unlimited possibilities for a band nearing the end of its first decade."
Exclaim,80,"Amid all the feedback and echoes here, there's something wonderfully ominous about Locrain's music. [29 Jun 2013, p.54]"
Q Magazine,70,"The strongest element the band took from its prog forebears for this compact, powerful record is just the sense of the album as a journey, one that feels complete."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"While they still wander adventurously, Locrians soundscapes are beginning to resemble fully realized songs with a beginning, middle, and end."
musicOMH.com,70,"While its certain that catastrophe is written all over Locrians high-concept Return to Annihilation, the experience is a step removed from the anxiety of early post-rock: here the listener trudges through the burnt-out husk of a world, its structures transfigured, estranged from their original forms."

Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"If you have a weakness for fat synth sounds and sputtering early drum machines committed to reel-to-reel tape, this stuff could set you swooning."
AllMusic,80,"The notoriously repressive Ceausescu-era authorities clearly didn't know what to make of Rosca, but his music sounds fantastic today. [Jul 2013, p.109]"
The New York Times,80,"This is some of the raddest music youre likely to hear this year. Rad in its overall excellentness and radical as to its forward-thinking nature, sounding so even today, though recorded at the height of Ceausescus suppression and censorship."
Magnet,80,"Despite the barebones recording techniques and instruments--East German drum machines, a toy Casio and a Soviet-made Faemi organ, all recorded and overdubbed on primitive Tesla machines--the sounds on The Lost Tapes are immersive, complex and also difficult to classify."
PopMatters,80,"Its not all doom and gloom--though it is mostly chopped-and-twisted electro paranoia."

The Wire,80,"This restless, marauding and cacophonous set captures these most musicianly of b-boys firmly on top of their game. [Jun 2013, p.92]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Though it may puzzle initially, its substance is such that it creates a mysterious and compelling listening experience that assures one that more will be revealed."
Drowned In Sound,79,"It's got the breadth of a comprehensively adventurous band, able to balance a steady motorik churn midway between Kraut and deep soul while letting the pull of improvisational tangents and dub distortion shift the picture."
AllMusic,70,"Cerebral and incredibly ambitious, the effort never conforms but instead thrives on its lack of conformity."
Pitchfork,70,"Though initially intimidating, 13 Degrees Of Reality's murky, dub-inspired sound and paranoid aura get under the skin after repeated listens."
Mojo,60,"It's a more searing and cranked-up affair than its predecessor. [Jun 2013, p.99]"
Q Magazine,60,"Bracing stuff."
PopMatters,60,"The occasional introductions and interludes niftily splice together some sampled voices that add to the sense of abstract threat and unease, even if their impact feels a little hubristic at times. Yet beneath the tempestuous tensions in this music there are also occasional hints of reflection and consideration."

Magnet,91,"Six songs-with-lyrics, each with its own vocal signature although there's not a proper singer to be heard, and six instrumentals, some straight and some avant and one a loving yet crudely irreverent 'Take Five' cover, converge toward the same goal: demolishing your musical illusions."
AllMusic,90,"Party Intellectuals may have set the bar high, but Your Turn is definitely a worthy follow-up."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Its a cranky record that gets exciting entirely on its own schedule."
Magnet,80,"It's bolder, more focused and just all-around more rocking [than 2008's Party Intellectuals]. [No.98, p.59]"
Pitchfork,80,"The scary thing about Marc Ribot and his new(ish) band is that all of these styles and quirks are pulled off so convincingly."

The Wire,80,"This is classic David Grubbs--which is to say a joy, but also that it's unbashedly disparate. [Apr 2013, p.50]"
The Quietus,70,"For those who have enjoyed Grubbs wide-ranging career and dont mind taking a 45-minute detour into the mind of a clearly talented guitarist and singer (complete with painful violin), The Plain Where The Palace Stood is good enough to demonstrate how great Grubbs can be when he hits the mark."
Uncut,70,"This album is Grubbs most cinematic and balanced offering yet. It slowly burns through his moods, explores his Western panoramas and phantasmagorical musings."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The results, though often feeling abrupt and sometimes overly academic, are mostly warm and curious, stretching out in eternal open-endedness that isn't really looking for answers or understandable conclusions."
Exclaim,64,"The album shows that Grubbs music and his relationship to pop convention remains as distanced, fitfully frustrating, and stubbornly idiosyncratic as ever."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's hard to imagine droves of converts flocking to so abstruse a musical cocktail, but it's a welcome addition to the Grubbs canon, nonetheless. [Jul 2013, p.87]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"It's a tangled combination, but if you've got the patience it's worth trying to unpick. [May 2013, p.101]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Its best moments are far from solo andlike Grubbs work in Gastr del Sol, Codeine, Bitch Magnet, etc.--find him at his best when hes in conversation with other players, other instruments, other sounds."
Pitchfork,30,"The failing of Plain, however, is its lack of direction and absence of cohesiveness. [No. 98, p.55]"

Fact Magazine (UK),90,"With No Answer, the band rises to the standards in anti-music set by its own discography."
Consequence of Sound,90,"There are few surprises, but each element finds its own breathing room such that the layered space of each track is fully audible."
Q Magazine,85,"It's good to have these Michigan noisemakers back, in fine form. [No.99, p.61]"
musicOMH.com,82,"Its the clearest, most detailed record in their vast catalogue."
PopMatters,80,"Those expecting a return to the group's former electronic shock treatment will be sent reeling by the subtlety of this latest release, where ceaseless sonic bombardment has been replaced with a more studied and intricately forged set of almost-songs and mangled machine shop melodies. [Jun 2013, p.56]"
AllMusic,80,"Wolf Eyes were never one-dimensional, but they're adding an increasing number of strings to their duct-taped noise bow and more moods, techniques, textures and subtleties to their bile-splattered palette."
Q Magazine,70,"The result is something abrasive but controlled. [Jul 2013, p.83]"
AllMusic,67,"Wolf Eyes play things a little softer, focusing more on the creep than fear."

Mojo,90,"Apparat's foray into ethereal compositions is a powerful, vivid work of art. Krieg und Frieden deserves a standing ovation."
Uncut,90,"His work until now can only be seen as preparing the ground for this body of work, an album so satisfying, accomplished and beautiful."
Clash Music,80,"With Krieg und Frieden (Music for Theatre), Apparat has created yet another awesome dimension to his diverse catalogue of releases."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Not dance music by any stretch of the imagination, but beautiful all the same."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Rings orchestral and electronic score communicates the narratives swing from complacent luxury to riveting despair, showing what happens when worlds collide."
The Quietus,70,"Varying in density, direction and style, albeit with some less consistent territory, its a modest but powerful score, even when independent from its original setting."
AllMusic,70,"Music for Theatre frightens upon the initial listen, but ultimately stuns."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"Ring makes it work by resisting the urge to do anything that resembles grandiose. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
Filter,60,"As a stand-alone piece, it is unremarkable, and even A Violent Sky--the beautiful and wistful closing track--cant redeem it entirely."
No Ripcord,60,"For all the times Ring is successful in balancing the soundtrack and ambient elements, theres a significant problem with the synch of the record."
The Wire,60,"Even though the music apparently went through a significant studio process, it's difficult to shake the feeling that it would be preferable to hear the original compositions while witnessing the production."

CMJ,80,"Exorcism Of Envy not only has to be heard to be believed, it just has to be heard. [Feb 2013, p.111]"
Spin,70,"Perhaps what's most interesting about the album in the end is how something that theoretically consists of dated approaches in its bubbling mix of electro-rock and '70s dub and more seems to suit 2012 just fine, a sleek collage no more out of place than any other number of similarly backward-glancing efforts around the globe."
Exclaim,60,"Extra bass and echo enhance it reality-subverting agenda. [Feb 2013, p.98]"
The New York Times,60,"Not as good as the original, but an interesting afterthought. [Feb 2013, p.79]"
Pitchfork,60,"An interesting experiment."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"This very refusal to cohere, to make sense, to play the game of identity and otherness, of harmony and disharmony, makes Bish Bosch this year's only necessary work of art."
DIY Magazine,91,"[Walker] is stronger and scarier than ever on his violently gorgeous 14th album. [7 Dec 2012, p.75]"
The Independent (UK),90,"This is an album of a depth and ambition that should, frankly, set a standard for contemporary art music."
Under The Radar,90,"With Bish Bosch, Walker creates a kind of Mbius Strip: by virtue of creating a less physical sonic landscape, he provides a way into his great trilogy on his way out of it."
Dusted Magazine,89,"The album is a widening and a deepening of the style we've come to expect of Walker  but it's also got elements of a brightening of that sound as well."
Consequence of Sound,82,"What's really amazing about Bish Bosch is that all of its myriad components are somehow pulled in to exist on the same insane planet."
BBC Music,80,"Bish Bosch is a wilder, more scattered (and scatty, in the case of Epizootics!, ten minutes of sax-driven jazz which could almost be seen as accessible, if it wasn't so dark and threatening) work than its immediate predecessors."
The Guardian,80,"The album's primary emotion of disgust is cushioned by performances and production so luxurious as to be sinister. [Dec 2012, p.63]"
Mojo,80,"While Bish Bosch may not be the most easy album to digest, it doesn't lack for talent or shock value."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Bish Bosch is Walker's most accessible (extremely relatively speaking) work since Climate."
Boston Globe,80,"Scott Walker is one of the true geniuses of modern music and the treasures are as rich as ever for those prepared to go the distance."
PopMatters,80,"The album can be heavy going, with or without a dictionary, but its sheer, lapidary obsessiveness provides its own rewards."
Slant Magazine,80,"As much as it can sound like it stands alone, Bish Bosch is part of a tradition of music that tried to find new ways to articulate that same old misery."
Uncut,80,"Walker is almost unique among his generation in continuing to provide mind-food instead of cosy nostalgia. If you go into Bish Bosch half-wishing he'd belt out a ballad, you leave it with absolutely no regrets."
musicOMH.com,80,"Given time and patience, it will eventually unravel into a truly gripping that, although disturbing, is worth every minute of your time."
Q Magazine,80,"There is a strangely addictive quality to hearing something quite so aggressively sui generis as this."
Paste Magazine,80,"Listeners that can't stand the noise can just move on to the next pop record. Walker is in a whole different dimension. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.126]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Bish Bosch really is his beautiful, dark and twisted fantasy made manifest."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It's a bastard of a listen--a rare, tough piece of meat too savory to spit and toss aside."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It might not encourage repeat plays, but to dismiss it as a racket is to do it, and its maker, a huge disservice."
The A.V. Club,80,"Whichever side of the fence you fall on, you'd be hard-pushed to claim there's anything else remotely like the album itself."
Magnet,80,"It's still one giant leap into the unknown, with all the notions of genre once again gleefully sidestepped. [Dec 2012, p.82]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"Bish Bosch is as much about challenging the people that absorbed and accepted Tilt and The Drift as it is challenging the rest of the world--and while that makes it consistent with all his work since Nite Flights, each subsequent album giving his fan base another hurdle to overcome, it also gives it a thrill that's unique to both his discography and the majority of the music you could compare it to. If, indeed, there is any."
Uncut,70,"It's not just that it's larded with harsh dissonance; the compositions, arrangements, poesy, and performances come at the listener in discrete shards."
XLR8r,70,"It's an anti-spectacle, but also an anti-mystery. Because you drawn to return to it, to find the details and hidden gems that make you feel this music deeply-for better or worse-even as you know there's no clear answer."
AllMusic,70,"Bish Bosch may sound a little strained at times, but it's still a big, ballsy achievement, the work of a committed artist delving further into a land of vaguely sketched nightmares."
musicOMH.com,70,"Throughout, there's evident delight in lexicographical obscurity that echoes James Joyce or Will Self: no bad thing in itself, though when allied to the sometimes impermeable, abstract constructions, the results can be frustratingly opaque. [Dec 2012, p.61]"
The New York Times,70,"Whereas Walker seemed to grasp something on that album [The Drift], here he seems restless and inconsistent, but his continuing artistic quest remains peerless and fascinating."
The Quietus,60,"Bish Bosch is an album even fans won't necessarily play often, but on those special occasions, as per title, it very much does the job. [Jan 2013, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,52,"Tonally, however, Bish Bosch offers nothing dramatically new, just (a lot more) of what Walker's done before."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Walker is much more interested in how the beauty of his voice can serve declamation and confrontation; but you sometimes recoil from this mannered anti-croon."
Pitchfork,37,"Call it what you want, just be prepared to call it something other than music."
PopMatters,30,"How anyone outside the walls of a mental asylum could genuinely enjoy the annoyingly repetitive industrial drum-throbs, aimless experimento-guitar crunches and lyrics about 'reeking gonads' that characterise songs called things like 'Epizootics!' is beyond me."

The Independent (UK),83,"Lux winds up being a haunting embodiment of one of Eno's greatest paradoxes: music made for specific times and places that captures nothing, evokes nowhere, and is porous enough for nearly any emotion to sift through."
The Observer (UK),80,"With LUX, Eno continues to show off the theatricality of subtlety. [No. 94, p.54]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"With its relaxing, wordless waves of pastoral hums and harmonies, LUX rightfully earns its place amongst such classic works by one of the great masters of sonic exploration."
Under The Radar,80,"Lux works on a pragmatic and egalitarian level as more or less the ideal ambient record. [Dec 2012, p.66]"
Paste Magazine,80,"The record accomplishes what Eno has proposed is ambient music's main purpose: to heighten one's sense of their surroundings while allowing their own narrative to fill the music with meaning and context."
Boston Globe,80,"There is great reward in actually focusing on what 'happens' in this quiet landscape, because Lux betrays the implication of vastness and musical adventure just underneath its dulcet tones and restrained palettes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It is also a daunting record--when is an hour and a quarter of ambience not?--but a thoroughly rewarding one."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It is killingly beautiful and doesn't do any more than it sets out to do, which is, in a sense, very little."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Lux is a surprisingly rich experience that's difficult to fault. It's not the most startling record Eno's ever made, but it probably is his most successful ambient work."
Exclaim,80,"On one end, it sounds like a straightforward film score. In another instance, it's perfect headphone music for self-study or personal contemplation."
Slant Magazine,80,"The detail of individual tracks is almost irrelevant, as the album drifts from sunrise strings to rise-and-fall synths to piano notes as delicate as foals taking their first steps. But it creates an undeniably compelling whole."
Spin,80,"It turns any living room into an art installation where interesting things may or may not happen, and its lack of direction and specificity is in its own way brave."
Filter,80,"Brian Eno is an experienced and mature producer at this stage of his career and that is evident in every note of this record. Though the instruments are few, the placement of their sounds seems very deliberate."
The Wire,80,"Whereas most 75-minute albums of short songs swiftly pall, Lux never bores because it's never making foreground demands on your attention."
Mojo,80,"It is an engaging antidote to all the frantic maximalism that the future keeps springing."
The Guardian,79,"Best to sit back and bask in the confident warmth of a job well done."
NOW Magazine,75,"As one becomes passively invested hearing LUX for more than an hour, the recording settles deeply like the cerebral equivalent of a heartbeat, and while this may not initially seem a work built to directly engage, its subtleties can be arresting."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),74,"Sure, it's beautiful on its own, but without any visuals (that is unless you create your own), LUX meanders while the listener potentially zones in and out."
Q Magazine,70,"It's an acquired taste, but is undeniably calming with its softly vibrating, reverb-rich piano and synth improvisations, enhanced by exotic Moog guitar from Leo Abrahams and treated violin-viola textures from Neil Catchpole."
musicOMH.com,70,"In short, Lux is exactly what one might expect from Eno in ambient mode, here manifesting with a blip of chaos in an opaque sea, like a drop of ink muddling a solution of milk."
BBC Music,70,"Lux is immersive, intriguing, delicate and evasive, like many an ambient record. And, inescapably, it doesn't resonate as much as Eno's groundbreaking works in the genre."
Exclaim,70,"LUX holds up to close listening and background work alike, providing material for deep thinking just as well as the scene in which a character thinks deeply."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Lux might not be breaking new ground, but given the beauty and resonance inherent in Eno's music when he sticks with what he does well--namely, gorgeous, slow moving ambience with plenty of breathing space and emotional impact--revisiting familiar turf is just fine."
PopMatters,70,"Lux could be thought of as another reminder that music doesn't always need to engage the entirety of the brain, functioning as a welcome excuse for half-occupied reflection, a friendly companion for quiet evenings and Sunday afternoons."
DIY Magazine,70,"The whole thing is pretty, if a bit mild, suggesting not quite another green world, but something ideal for--as its cover art suggests--watching autumnal leaves turn."
Mojo,66,"The music is nice enough, beautiful in parts, and will set a perfect mood for those who can slow down long enough to take it all in."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Lux is OK, while it's on. But that's all. And that's a shame. [Jan 2013, p.64]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Although it's his longest, it's arguably his least ambitious. [Dec 2012, p.84]"
AllMusic,60,"It's so seamlessly soothing that it's a struggle to distinguish one segment from the next."
The Fly (UK),40,"Lux sounds a lot like the kinds of slowly evolving patterns you can generate with those apps, but they come across as disappointingly ordinary when divorced from that participatory element."
Pitchfork,40,"It's often barely there, notably the final minutes of 'Lux 4'. This is musical homeopathy."

The Quietus,80,"You'll fall for Peter Broderick's humour and ingenuity in the end. [Nov 2012, p.90]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Don't be put off by these four tracks being hard work, because the other six are fantastic and consign Broderick as the lo-fi bedroom auteur to his past."
Q Magazine,70,"The unshrouded nature of these compositions reveals interesting and insightful aspects of the creator and his practice."
PopMatters,70,"At times emotive and playful, Broderick has created a cohesive album of delicate, Russell-esque melodies with enough wonkiness, experimentation and spoken word to make a unique, personal and engaging release of happy accidents."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"It's those thematic ideas of self-worth and pride that beget the sort of personal, intimate relationship that we've come to recognise in the music of many of the Erased Tapes family over the last five years, and that's something that will always be worth hearing."
Mixmag,50,"Everything in the music feels to reticent, too cautious, while the words feels too wrapped up in their own virtue."
BBC Music,30,"Ultimately, These Walls Of Mine is too incoherent and disparate in style to merit any amount of satisfaction."

DIY Magazine,80,"Although Overgrown Path is only 30 Minutes long, it nonetheless reveals Chris Cohen as a Man with an individual voice, and its brevity makes it particularly more-ish. [Jan 2013, p.94]"
Q Magazine,80,"Throughout its brisk playtime, Overgrown Path evinces an airy touch with transitions, a knack for phrasing (the pauses and extra beats always find their right place), and an invidiously deft hand for crafting verses equal to their choruses."
Pitchfork,80,"It's a nice album. One of the things that's really interesting about it, though, is its relationship with nostalgia."
RapReviews.com,80,"With songs this strong, it's an easy album to keep coming back to."
The Quietus,80,"Another twelve inches of brilliance."
PopMatters,76,"Cohen might have made the album for himself as a keepsake, an antidote to the rest of life's pressing noise. It works that way for us, as well."
Exclaim,70,"Cohen brings to mind the far out, oddball eccentricity of Robert Wyatt, patted down and smoothed over by Colin Blunstone's suavity, adding to the canon of otherworldly, offbeat artists who resist definition."
Consequence of Sound,70,"These songs dance around themselves, swaying with confidence, before getting lost in a grey area between jaunty and confused."
Dusted Magazine,60,"For a record that initially seems nothing more than a charming little reverie, it's difficult to shake off. [Dec 2012, p.102]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Overgrown Path is clearly a confident record from a music lifer, though its heavy fuzzy layers and more eccentric moments sound more like unfinished trials than fruitful experiments."

Mojo,80,"In terms of its complexity and level of skill on display Breakthrough is a big step up for Bensussen."
The Guardian,80,"For all its varied elements is all too clearly the expression of the demented but coherent vision of one man. You will find no better way to fry your mind this year."
AllMusic,80,"Bensussen has delivered a varied, immersive set of highly memorable, enjoyable and danceable tracks that should push him further into the limelight where he has triumphantly proved he belongs."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"[Breakthrough] is so much more than the hectic pastiches of exoticism that The Gaslamp Killer is famous for. Meticulous arrangements, pace, narrative and emotional authenticity are prioritized over an all-out assault of catatonia-inducing madness to convey its message."
Uncut,80,"Potent incantations such as Nissim and, particularly, the two tracks with Warp's sinister rapper Gonjasufi, prove this  to be a wonderfully bananas breakthrough. [Oct 2012, p.100]"
Blurt Magazine,77,"Breakthrough-- which it is and isn't-- feels like the kind of record his adventurous precedent has made into a familiar signature. It's the album that gets at his recent creative mode most definitively, the one people might figure he had in him rather than the one that changed anybody's minds about him."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It's about as weird and wonderful as you'd expect from a guy who looks like he's been living on a commune for the past ten years."
AllMusic,70,"Breakthrough is an eclectic and challenging record that features more than a few sublime moments of heady bong-haze depth."
Magnet,70,"Breakthrough is a substantive piece of work, an album to be reckoned with by critics and fans alike; for it not only fulfills the promise of Mr. Killer's production work on A Sufi and a Killer, but also establishes an entirely new (and maybe impossibly high) set of expectations for a producer who appears possessed of genius."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"The 47 minutes diced into 17 tracks that consitute Breakthrough demonstrate what Gaslamp Killer is capable of."
The Wire,70,"Breakthrough is a challenge for listeners, and the producers that make up the growing California beats scene."
Exclaim,70,"Many of these tracks--indeed some of the most interesting--are more snippets than fully developed destinations. But there are real skills on display here."
Under The Radar,70,"This is music that you dive into wholeheartedly when there's time to examine its mutilated layers."
PopMatters,60,"William Bensussen mashes up cavernous hip hop beats, 8-bit electronica, West Coast psych and glitch. [Oct 2012, p.95]"
Mojo,60,"As a whole, Breakthrough can be powerful and hypnotic, but does feels a little familiar by now."
Uncut,60,"Breakthrough splatters so many short ideas across its 47 minutes that a front-to-back listen is wearying, like hearing a dozen erratic interludes mixed in with a handful of lengthier sketches that are no more settled."
cokemachineglow,60,"The resulting noodly beats might have pricked ears in 2007. But in 2012, with Flying Lotus set to redefine the LA scene with his keenly awaited fourth album 'Until The Quiet Comes', it's not quite enough."
Pitchfork,30,"Where Flying Lotus scatterbrain brings emotive grooves out of madness, GLK can only manage ugly, mostly boring sketches. [Nov 2012, p.75]"

BBC Music,80,"Occupied with the Unspoken is a headphone trip that ultimately proves to be an enjoyable listen in spite of the complexity of its craftsmanship."
The New York Times,80,"Occupied With the Unspoken can be challenging and obtuse. It can also unrepentently beautiful. And, at its best, it's both."
Clash Music,80,"The group's atypical instrumentation and inventive use thereof results in captivating if mercurial waves of sound and a listening experience that reveals its complex nature as it goes on."
musicOMH.com,75,"Occupied With the Unspoken plays as a chopped and staggered descendant of Fripp & Eno's Evening star, whose beauty is buried beneath a thicket of alien noises and reverb. [#89, p.54]"
PopMatters,71,"Overall, their 2010 self-titled CD remains the best starting point for new listeners, but Occupied With The Unspoken nonetheless makes for a fine addition to the Thrill Jockey catalog."
The Independent (UK),70,"The four tracks on Occupied With the Unspoken, each lasting less then ten minutes, are edited in Carlson's basement studio from much longer live jams--but it's tempting to see them as single facets of the one true eternal synth jam. [Jul 2012, p.57]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Most of Occupied with the Unspoken works like a well-executed indie film score: evocative, exigent and with purpose."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"This is an intelligent, sometimes daring album that manages to convey a great deal of emotion and will surprise even the most skeptical listener. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
Filter,30,"In a live setting, this type of give-and-take could pay off, like an electro take on free jazz, but as it's presented here not only is it unspoken, it's unintelligible."

The Quietus,80,"This transatlantic convergence of innovative, virtuosic minds is a sublime advert for the possibilities of improves post classical composition. [Aug 2012, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"There's little discordance but much invention and beauty. [Aug 2012, p.73]"
Drowned In Sound,73,"The result is predictably less than comfortable, though certainly not in a difficult, experimental way."
Exclaim,73,"Together, they have managed to build a livelier, more bustling version of Hauschka's winsome snowglobe universe."
Under The Radar,70,"The so-called purity of the sweet-voiced piano and violin are continually subverted by carefully applied extraneous sounds."
DIY Magazine,70,"Ms. Hahn, who had tiptoed toward spontaneity in her work with singer-songwriters like Tom Brosseau and Josh Ritter, takes the full plunge [into improvisation] here, with gratifying results."
NOW Magazine,70,"These twelve abstract and minimal tracks rather act as perfect soundscapes to accompany your dreams and introspections."
Q Magazine,60,"There are moments of raw beauty in some of this music."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"It's not broad, bold, or bustling enough to authentically capture what it tries so hard to get at."
The A.V. Club,60,"The duo have devised a series of fascinating improvisations."
The Wire,40,"Other than some inoffensive feignings at trying something new, there's not too much else to be heard."

Fact Magazine (UK),91,"Just the album you'd hope from a thoughtful 56-year-old after his band of 30 years breaks up."
musicOMH.com,82,"The songs are accomplished and take surprising turns, shot through with a mellow fury that's endlessly appealing."
Prefix Magazine,80,"If nothing else, this album is a guitar fetishist's dream, and sounds like it was a joy to make, too."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Between the Times and the Tides cements Ranaldo's role as a dreamer and poet who can remain true to himself and reveal new things at the same time."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Between the Times and the Tides is advertised as his first 'rock album' which makes it sound more abrasive than it is, although it packs more of an aural punch than Thurston's latest Beck-helmed Nick Drake tribute album."
Uncut,80,"Airy, vaguely psychedelic and meaningful, Beyond the Times is a gorgeous exhibition from a thoughtful, voracious artist relishing a whole new outlet."
BBC Music,80,"In the context of an album this accomplished, Ranaldo's stories resonate like holy Scripture."
Rolling Stone,80,"'Between The Times & Tides' is a beacon of craftsmanship and invention coated in [a] marvellously empathetic collection of pop tunes."
Mojo,80,"It's the strength of his conventional songcraft, however, that makes his late-career foray into the frontman role successful."
Pitchfork,80,"A rich and varied album, fans of Sonic Youth's less abrasive, song-based output of recent years will find much to savor here. [April 2012, p.102]"
The Observer (UK),76,"While making this album worth the wait was a tall task, Between The Times & The Tides comes about as close as we could have hoped to accomplishing just that."
No Ripcord,75,"Ranaldo may be traveling down a familiar road, but it's with exuberance rather than teary-eyed nostalgia."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It's a surprisingly luxuriant record. [Mar 2012, p.58]"
The Guardian,70,"This is a fine collection of songs and although there is nothing here to dispel the feeling that even if this is no masterpiece, that doesn't mean that Ranaldo won't be producing one sometime in the near future."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Such an impressive cast might initially give rise to the belief that this might be an album that delights in twisting the conventional, but in truth everyone plays it fairly safe which is likely to disappoint those hoping for something mind blowing."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Mostly Lee Ranaldo has created a mid-crisis record that sounds more powerful than frustrated, more strong in its beauty than reactionary in its power."
BBC Music,70,"The atmosphere is the master of Between the Times and the Tides, and Ranaldo pulls things together powerfully to that end."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Those wanting clangour and dissonance will be disappointed, but everyone else will be pleasantly surprised."
Kerrang!,70,"A mature album that's abrasive but not 'freaky' or 'weird', that enjoys its moments of harmony when it finds them, and is as serious-minded as the times demand. [Apr 2012, p.76]"
Mojo,70,"One mighty fine rock'n'roll record."
The Quietus,60,"It's great to hear the third voice in Sonic Youth stretching out. But it's also a reminder of their irreplaceable magic."
PopMatters,60,"Throughout, Ranaldo and Nels Cline build up layers of eloquent, electrifying guitar.... Satisfying. [Apr 2012, p.95]"
AllMusic,52,"A motley assortment of Sonic Youth nods, acoustic entreaties, and cloying pop-rockers, Ranaldo's opportunity to step out of the Sonic Youth shadows and into his own proper spotlight is mostly a miss made of mediocrity."
Consequence of Sound,40,"The album is more interesting sonically in the tension between questing guitars and straightforward song structures than it is in terms of lyrics, which aim to be down to earth but end up middle of the road."

Pitchfork,100,"Overall, this album contains some of the most original and hypnotically brilliant rock music ever recorded."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),100,"Traceable by touch, cogent in dreams, the fibers of its text bear the weight of a psychedelic meisterwerk."
Prefix Magazine,100,"This is easily the equal of, if not superior to, its illustrious companion."
The A.V. Club,90,"It is certainly every bit its predecessor, but through a more meditative, contemplative use of elements it is even better."
musicOMH.com,90,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light II represents not only the most overt and successful attempt to capture the patience, subtlety and fluidity of Earth's talented cast, but also the most accurate document of their patient, stoical and determinedly psychedelic ethos."
Under The Radar,80,"It's better to simply view this opus as a beautifully deconstructed blues that's equally effective as a paean to careworn Americana or as a sparsely-drawn exercise in restraint, meditation and composure."
Uncut,80,"An enjoyable, at times provocative companion piece, this one's a satisfying musical bath."
Mojo,80,"This is sparse, atmospheric and utterly compelling. [19 Feb 2012, p.51]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light, Vol. 2 is a looser affair, showcasing Carlson's improvisational chemistry with long-term percussionist Adrienne Davies, bass player Karl Blau and cellist Lori Goldston. [Mar 2012, p.102]"
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"It feels more that Earth have given us time to absorb what may come to be seen, in retrospect, as something of a magnum opus."
Uncut,80,"This is an accomplished and valiant album, a more-than-worthy heir to its sensational predecessor."
Exclaim,80,"This is a worthy follow-up to its predecessor and, for all of its melodic sheen, darker and moodier."
Resident Advisor,80,"It's incredibly beautiful and soothing--perfect music for laid-back late-night hours."
AllMusic,79,"This version of Earth has simply given Carlson more room and more assistance to explore, well, darkness and light--in his own time, of course."
Pitchfork,78,"All that need really be said is that it is sublime; both in terms of execution and aesthetics."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),75,"Instead of it being just another Earth 2.0 album though, the completed Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light is a successful experiment in sounding absolutely huge while doing so little, and the confirming masterstroke of Carlson's new direction."
The Wire,75,"At its best, Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light II shimmers and mesmerizes like a mirage; but like a mirage, it also quenches less than it should."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"For now, this is a hypnotic, well executed, if not altogether thrilling collection."
Alternative Press,60,"Earth are masters of this weird genre they've slowly, deliberately carved themselves. [Mar 2012, p.83]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"It does feel [like] a somewhat softer collection than its predecessor. [Feb 2012, p.84]"

The Boston Phoenix,80,"Here Kirby lets the sad beauty of his source - Schubert's Winterreise - bleed through, as if summoning up the solitary ghosts of the German composer's most desolate work. [Apr 2012, p.91]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"As one may ascertain, the world of the Caretaker is a potential rabbit hole of nostalgia, anxiety, and all manner of undisclosed obsessions, but a distinct sense of calm washes over the best of this material."
AllMusic,80,"Patience (After Sebald) is an unnervingly quiet album."
Uncut,80,"The Caretaker creates ambient music that doesn't merely settle in the background but is evocative of memory and loss. [Feb 2012, p.83]"
BBC Music,80,"This record collects the works of Austrian composer Franz Schubert and morphs them into a gloomy meditation on the sure, comforting absurdity of existence."
Clash Music,80,"Patience is one of Kirby's most consistent and stylistically severe albums in recent memory, mostly solo piano with the occasional vocal thrown in."
Pitchfork,80,"Patience (After Sebald) succeeds as beautifully evocative music to accompany the documentary, as another distinctive entry in Kirby's Caretaker discography and as an inspired blending of different works that makes its own statement."
Spin,80,"This music, so basic on one level, is both warm and cold, blackened by mortality and twinkling with life, somehow evoking the wonder and absurdity of existence itself."
The Guardian,72,"The Caretaker certainly remains a fascinating and worthwhile project."
The Quietus,70,"The Caretaker's music works best as a static pattern amidst digital flux. [Feb 2012, p.56]"

cokemachineglow,87,"Garden Window shows how a band can be just as destructive without cranking ones volumes up."
Under The Radar,80,"Garden Window's individual songs could stand to find better cohesion, but the band's quest for answers packs a consistent thematic punch, and certain musical moments that surface as a result of their boiling frustration are just spellbinding."
The Wire,80,"Garden Window is, by and large, a successful 11-track record that scrapes a wide palette to enhance each nuance tastefully, movingly, manically well."
AllMusic,75,"This barrage of relentless noise and pummeling rhythms, when coupled with Garden Window's amorphous arrangements, can make the album claustrophobic, monotonous, and overwhelming. But the record's redeemed by its range."

Consequence of Sound,90,"This scorching set of amplified electro-acoustic spiritualism between the pair and the mighty Mats is an effective snapshot of the potential for what could have been."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Live at the South Bank is an artfully and spiritually satisfying coda to a long and criminally underappreciated career."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The synergy between electronics and organic instrumentation, sometimes an arid and baffling blend in improv, makes this a thrilling listen. [Dec 2011, p.87]"
BBC Music,80,"This two-CD set is now a welcome addition to what eventually became Reid's late-period re-emergence following decades of hip multi-genre collaborations amid a veil of semi-obscurity."
Under The Radar,80,"Unapologetic, progressive and complex, it's adventurous, indulgent post jazz, brimming with spirit. Absolutely exhilarating."
Pitchfork,80,"On South Bank--the most vital and essential document of Reid and Hebden's five-year partnership--it feels clear that, at least onstage, they were finally able to go the distance."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Joined by the similarly un-categorizable Swedish reedman Mats Gustafsson, Live at the South Bank is an onslaught of sound."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"This is crossover free-jazz of a rare power."
PopMatters,80,"Probably the last recording of Reid playing live, before his death in April 2010, it is a fittingly energetic and exuberant performance."
Drowned In Sound,68,"For either Reid or Hebden completists, Live at the South Bank is a useful and worthwhile artifact. For someone seeking entry to the catalogues of two vital artists, this is a thorny and difficult listen."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It's not an oeuvre that appeals too many people, but Live At The South Bank will be rewarding if you favor plenty of experimentation in your music. [#39, p.74]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),50,"It's more letdown than meltdown, as veteran drummer Steve Reid runs out steam about halfway through disc two. [Dec 2011, p.70]"

Under The Radar,80,"In all, it represents a beautiful set of ambience from one of the form's masters."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This music is mysterious and spectral. It's quite unshakeable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"In Panic of Looking, he keeps speech in the realm of analog, not digital, and still makes it into music."
Pitchfork,70,"Eno appreciators who maintain a sense of trust in everything he does will definitely want to add this to their collection."
AllMusic,70,"It attempts to create a context of isolation from all that, an aquarium-like zone of contemplation, in which audiovisual detail can be savoured, in stillness and without fear of missing out for a few seconds on the relentless info-stream of modern life."
PopMatters,60,"As an EP running at about 16 and a half minutes, Panic of Looking's brevity acts as a drawback; just as you're beginning to really soak it in, the EP suddenly reaches its conclusion."
AllMusic,59,"If all of this sounds more geared toward Eno completists and poetry fans than the general listener, that's about right."
The Quietus,50,"This EP still feels like a small plate of leftovers from a meal that promised more than it delivered, as though Wolfgang Puck was on the can, not in the kitchen."
The Wire,50,"Though Eno is adequate, moments where he takes over the collaboration (such as on 'West Bay' and 'Watch a Single Swallow . . . ') are too under-nourished and ponderous to suggest that he's giving us something new."
Dusted Magazine,50,"Four months later comes this follow-up EP, Panic of Looking, showing off the same arcane package of circumstantial synthesizer jitters banging against a bunch of I-get-this-poem-and-you-don't kind of prose."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Yes these notes may occasionally be pretty, and delicate, but for that kind of money you expect something spectacular and groundbreaking, something either heart-wrenching or extravagantly euphoric. What you really have is a record with all the spirit of Microsoft Excel."

Pitchfork,88,"On the whole, Forever is downcast, introspective, and melodic."
Blurt Magazine,75,"The record is at its best when it combines its pop sensibilities with its ambient leanings."
Under The Radar,70,"There are some points where the music becomes overburdened by its lavish texturing, primarily in the few instrumental tracks, but for the most part the album functions as a beautiful, illusory trip from start to finish. [Oct. 2011, p. 113]"
PopMatters,70,"The immediate embrace of anything analogue-warped by certain corners of the Internet shouldn't detract from Forever, as it's quite an engaging listen when the right (nocturnal) mood strikes."
cokemachineglow,70,"While Franciotti's work is far from unique in its revival both of lo-fi synth panoramas and of ambient experimentalism, the combination and alternation of the two allows Forever a certain originality beyond other musicians mining either one or the other vein."
Mojo,70,"Ultimately, the album's song-oriented material is the most memorable."
Pitchfork,60,"Forever is a mood album, heavily sedated and perpetually out of focus, like an R.E.M. dream after cough syrup."
AllMusic,60,"Overall, I get the sense that Sleep Over, with all of its slit-eyed graveyard intonations, is a band that might actually improve from here, but it's padded instrumental sections evidenced on their first album here might make you feel a little bit, well, sleepy."

CMJ,80,"In Animal Tongue is not an easy listen, but it wasn't meant to be. Rather it investigates, explores, and experiments to open-ended conclusions, and to that end, it succeeds magnificently."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"They've always been a subtle unit, resisting obvious moments of catharsis in favour of subtle dynamics, but here they manage the trick that Khanate mastered so effectively and create a tension that derives as much from the fear of silence as it does from the threat of noise."
PopMatters,70,"Bozulich's gloom is top quality gloom, as far as that goes, but nothing here lights up the heart like [2008's] Voyager's blistering 'Truth Is Dark Like Outer Space.' [Sep 2011, p.51]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"You need to listen and absorb. It won't always work. But when it does, you'll find the door open and a fascinating terrain inside."
musicOMH.com,70,"At its best, when Bozulich is not just casting the spells, but stirring herself into the brew, In Animal Tongue ranks among the most provocative work she's done in recent years."
Under The Radar,68,"After a point this lightless gloom can get a tad oppressive, but Evangelista are able to leaven the mood somewhat through consistently inventive instrumentation."
The Wire,50,"In the end, though there are sublime moments on In Animal Tongue, the language of these insular and dark songs does not always translate well."
Dusted Magazine,50,"Though at times a difficult listen, the album is at its best when Bozulich's voice is paired with haunting cello. [Oct. 2011, p. 108]"
AllMusic,30,"Unless you're a die-hard fan of Bozulich's impressive and vast body of work, or like your 'music' to be as willfully oblique as possible, In Animal Tongue is the type of record where you can save some precious coin by taking a pass on it."

musicOMH.com,81,"Salon des Amateurs is undeniably an important album for Hauschka, both for its distillation of his rigorous methods and its energized perspective."
PopMatters,80,"Fleshed out by two drummers, strings and brass, it's as infectious and disarming as it is genre-defying. [May 2011, p.109]"
Pitchfork,80,"Curious, constantly in motion, full of puzzle-like counterpoints and arresting chord changes, it's a joy to listen to, and one of the brightest, most invigorating records I've heard all year."
The Wire,80,"Whether or not these songs are ever played next to the latest dance music sensation at a club, Salon des Amateurs is a bold, accomplished work that ranks among Hauschka's most exciting albums."
Uncut,80,"As Hauschka takes his orchestral style into this new musical sphere, his music demonstrates the constant evolution ignited by combinations of diverse musical influence."
Mojo,80,"Salon des Amateurs is much more than striking the iron while it's hot, not just because of its singular attributes and styles but, frankly, it's yet another fantastic album in the span of a few months."
musicOMH.com,70,"As with all of Hauschka's music, Salon Des Amateurs takes place at an awkward apex between being 'beautiful' and being merely 'pretty'. This is actually quite an important distinction, because the album never decides whether its pop music or classical music."
AllMusic,70,"On a whole Salon lacks more of these emotional moments."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The jury will be out for a long time while they argue whether this is dance, classical or jazz but they're sure to deliver a thumbs-up for this far from amateurish collection of tracks."
The Independent (UK),30,"For the most part, Hauschka's attempt at turning the piano into a percussion instrument falls short. [May 2011, p.84]"

Clash Music,80,"With the addition of these elegant bent strings, it is as though perfumed air has been allowed to seep into what was formerly a hermetically sealed canister. This (now non-) trio's music is that much better for the enhancement. [May 2011, p.58]"
No Ripcord,80,"Horizontal Structures proves that this music has legs. You don't really need to know who is in this band, or what else they've done, to appreciate what they do. You just have to like your hefty sounds to come wrapped in plush space."
The Guardian,80,"It's all quietly dazzling, a sinuous fusion of jazz, dub, and techno that pulls from German, African, Jamaican, and Latin forms without the slightest hint of stuffiness."
AllMusic,80,"Four square club rhythms are jettisoned in favour of a series of weirdly compelling sound collages, in which percussion and electronics combine together in natural and seemingly effortless improvisations."
Mojo,70,"Horizontal Structures is an album that is meant to be listened to front to back, which is the only way you could do it really.  When it's in danger of losing you, it pulls you back and makes you want to start the track over to find out how you got there."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Reserved and mechanical as it is, Horizontal Structures is a very warm record. Von Oswald and his regulars soak the music in reverb and atmosphere."

The Wire,80,"Kudos to both director and music supervisor for thinking outside the source music box. [Jun 2011, p.47]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The visionary meditations of John Tavener are a touchstone, and though used sparingly in the film's final cut, this dark, unsettling music stands proudly on its own. [May 2011, p.87]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"His score for this Murakami adaptation is just as striking, referencing Vaughan Williams and Shostakovich in a manner similar to such 20th century Japanese magpie composers as Hayasaka and Hashimoto. [May 2011, p.112]"
BBC Music,70,"Though it has become something of a tired old format in much incidental music for the moving image, Greenwood shows how the string orchestra remains a descriptive force in the right hands."
Kerrang!,70,"Part Arvo Part and Part Brian Eno, Greenwood continues to impress."
Uncut,70,"It's a solid addition to Greenwood's burgeoning catalogue, and worthy of a listen in its own right."
Rock Sound,60,"A couple of tracks feature delicate tracery of classical guitar, but the most baffling feature of the album is the inclusion of three old tracks by Can, which possess a lightness, and dynamic character somewhat absent in the rest of the score."
Pitchfork,60,"The problem with any soundtrack is that, in isolation, something gets lost and there's no exception here, but it serves as a showcase for a virtuoso performer with the dexterity to excel within any discipline."

Filter,100,"Most of all, I'd like to list Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light: 1 amongst the ever-expanding and illustrious list of rock n' roll's most important albums."
The New York Times,100,"This is Earth's best-realised work to date  stunning stuff."
PopMatters,90,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light, Vol. 1 represents a further shift in Earth's evolution. It is darker -- even sinister -- and undoubtedly heavier than Bees, but it is more seductive with its mantra-like droning repetition and more elegantly detailed in its textural dimension."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Hellswinter refrains from overdosing on distortion before the title track's 20 minutes of funereal beauty. [Mar 2011, p.99]"
PopMatters,80,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light 1 is not just an inevitable player in album of the year discussions for those with more avant garde tastes; it's yet more proof of Earth's symptomatic tendency to continuously re-evaluate their own legacy and drag themselves forward simultaneously."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Earth may no longer startle, but against the odds Carlson survives, and this engaging dignified music is both testament and soundtrack to that survival. [Feb 2011, p.50]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light 1 invites its listeners into that silent continuum that makes music whole."
AllMusic,80,"Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light 1 contains some of the finest work Earth has produced to date."
CMJ,80,"Profoundly thoughtful music that's moved on from drone metal beginnings."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The result steers closer to accessibility than ever before, without diminishing the understated power of their strangely serene heat-haze atmospherics. [29 Jan 2011, p.54]"
Pitchfork,80,"Angels is spacier than previous outings, nowhere more so than the semi-improvised 20-minute title track. [Mar 2011, p.88]"
No Ripcord,80,"Earth's continued trudge into beatific wilderness sees Dylan Carlson return to territory traversed by the desolate windswept tundras."
Drowned In Sound,79,"The intricacies of this Earth -- Carlson's harmonics and harmonies, Davies' careful builds, Blau's unexpected bass maneuvers, Goldston's adventurous versatility -- demand attention and immersion."
Mojo,72,"From behind her kit, Adrienne Davies keeps slow-mo time as new member Karl Blau thickly kneads deep ribbons of rumbling bass that counter Dylan Carlson's stately, dark holler melodies. The new moon suits them well."
Uncut,70,"The guitarist Dylan Carlson is still Earth's leader, playing slow themes over and over with minimal improvisation on Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light I (Southern Lord), the first of a projected two-parter; but now the cellist Lori Goldston has joined the group, putting an achy drone into the long, dark, peaceful songs."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"He's produced an album that takes his current style just about as far as it can go. At the very least, those who have followed him this far should be satisfied."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"While Carlson and company continue to explore new influences (much has been made over the band's recent declaration of affection for Pentangle and Fairport Convention), Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light 1 sounds to me like a different manifestation of the same sound they've been exploring for some time now."

AllMusic,90,"Something Dirty roams over the terrain of the past 45 years, rooted in the mid-1960s avant-garde, the late 1960s/early 1970s progressive and acid-rock movements, and the reactions of punk and its aftermath."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Something Dirty has something of the reliability and surprise of rediscovering a trusty, well-trod paperback on the shelves of a particularly high-quality, secondhand but not-to-be-outdone bookstore."
Pitchfork,80,"It's their most cohesive album in some time."
cokemachineglow,80,"Something Dirty is a powerful recording; let's hope this version of Faust remains together awhile: their collective focus is sharp and their execution nearly flawless even at their most delightfully excessive."
Mojo,80,"Whether sweet, creepy, epic or hilarious, all 13 tracks on the album represent Faust's ability to dismantle the structures inherently embedded in our musical expectations and free us into a world of unique and thoughtful organized layers of sound."
Uncut,80,"Echoes of Faust's enduring impact leap to the forefront constantly, but by the end of Something Dirty, it is clear that the anxiety of influence remains on the present generation, not vice versa."
Dusted Magazine,75,"That sudden stop is the only moment on Something Dirty that could be called a gimmick, but it feels oddly right. A fade-out would be too easy--better to bluntly suggest that there's more music beyond that final frame, and encourage the rumor that this version of Faust is far from finished."
PopMatters,70,"Overall the band carries off a convincing sense of menace and rocks hard at the same time.  It may not be what fans of the original Faust would expect but it's satisfying in a different way, while still maintaining the arch sensibility that made them legendary if not exactly famous."
Uncut,70,"Anyone looking for all of the above is not going to be disappointed by Something Dirty, which contains more than its fair share of mischief and mayhem. Crucially, it's in keeping with Faust tradition, but it always looks forward rather than back."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Something Dirty is powerful and multi-textured, but there's less of the studio experimentation that marked 2009's C'est Com...Com...Complique, despite Peron being promisingly credited with flamethrower and goat hooves. [Mar 2011, p.98]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Something Dirty captures guitarist Jean Herve Peron and drummer Werner'Zappi' Diermaier plus Bad Seeds James Johnston and the artist Geraldine Swayne-- continually to shape-shift around the margins of rock. [Feb 2011, p.84]"
BBC Music,50,"It lacks the playfulness of the early Faust records, where the band's experiments with jazz, folk, and raunchy rock and roll were coated with acceptable degrees of avant-garde theatricality."
Pitchfork,30,"It's certainly a messy record, made by half of a broken legend."

AllMusic,90,"Compared to the majority of the material on the parent releases, they're placid, ambient pieces that are not nearly as disturbed but recall the quiet menace of 23 Skidoo's Urban Gamelan and The Culling Is Coming, as well as the drum-less ambient dub side of Basic Channel."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Issuing such a thorough CD document of a vinyl trilogy winds up not so much a simple change in format or an exercise in excess, but rather a telescopic glimpse into the rapidly expanding Demdike Stare universe."
PopMatters,83,"Canty and Whittaker are impressively capable in that respect: they know exactly what will and won't belong in their creepy little mood-worlds, and as a result, Tryptych rarely calls attention to itself."
No Ripcord,81,"Tryptych is something of a good trade convention, showcasing just how Demdike's samples become reborn with a strong modern edge. You feel like you're privy to seeing something here that's all set to sweep across the market."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Blending machine rhythms and subterranean beats with ghostly atmospherics, world music chants and groaning analogue disquiet they create a rich, unnerving sound that feels both modern and ancient. [Mar 2011, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's a heavy trip, with the exotic/erotic minimal techno of Ricardo Villalobos overlaid to intoxicating effect with the eerie hauntological manoeuvers of The Focus group. [Feb 2011, p.82]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Playing any of these three records on home speakers while choring through the day, their subtle modulations will melt away, their wispy chimeras passing unnoticed. An immersion through headphones, or at pane-rattling volumes, provides the magnification that these cataclysmic environments call for."
Uncut,60,"It's hard to scrape the sensation that there's something a little inadequate about Tryptych, even as immersive headphone sessions reveal new levels of depth within the productions."

Mojo,80,"Drowsily beautiful. [Oct 2010, p.94]"
Q Magazine,80,"Knoxville goes some way towards capturing the evident chemistry they found together, whilst also making it clear that we really need to catch them live to experience the full effect."
Dot Music,80,"The real measure of Knoxville's success is that it always feels it has ended too soon."
PopMatters,80,"Maybe it shouldn't be altogether surprising that Knoxville is brimming over with bravura displays of improvisational nous. Similarly, it would be hard to find a finer study of the suppression of the ego; each musician's signature sound serving to continually complement, but never saturate, the artistry of the others."
AllMusic,80,"The particulars of the feelings evoked here will vary from one set of ears to another, but above all, Knoxville offers an opportunity to lose yourself in a rush of highly detailed and overpowering sound. And the spaces it builds come across as beautiful and celebratory, no matter how crazy things get."
Under The Radar,70,"The quietest moments tend to be as tense as the loudest, and the contrasts -- lambent, sparsely played guitar offset by skittering and rattling cymbals and transitory electronic thrums, for instance -- are deeply affecting with close listening."
Pitchfork,70,"The only complaint about Knoxville is its length, although it's not so much a complaint as it is a curiosity about whether there is more of this live performance out there somewhere that didn't make the final edit. As with almost all Fennesz projects and releases, the listener is left wanting more."
The Wire,60,"This is an improvised quartet of light noise, static, and hum. It isn't a polished piece, composed and meant to be taken in pieces. I accept that and judge it thusly."
Q Magazine,50,"This brand of thoughtful ambient music is certainly not for everyone, but those willing to take the plunge may just come away surprised.  After all, being perhaps too original and ambitious is often better than being trite and derivative."

BBC Music,88,"Sure she's unconventional, a bit puzzling but in the end she is undeniably rewarding and compelling. Hell, come to think of it, Hunting My Dress might be one of 2010's most pleasant surprises."
Pitchfork,80,"By drawing from her vast catalogue of experiences, she finds the scope for an engaging range of musical tangents. Yet somehow, she has made an album which is not confused or disjointed."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's far more fun, however, to sit back and appreciate the album as the dawning of a new, unique voice which, through its influences (both obvious and not-so), is blending styles and carving a niche in to the increasingly crowded canon of independent and original female artists."
PopMatters,80,"What prevents this all from becoming a mish-mash of textures is Hoop's single-minded passion, which lends a self-assured cohesion to her diversity."
Uncut,80,"Regardless of these felicitous connections, however, Hoop remains her own invention and the appeal of her biographical details doesn't lie so much in the glitzy endorsement of Waits as in the fact they chime so perfectly with her melding of Kat Bush sensuality and Mary Poppins whimsy. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"
Under The Radar,80,"Hunting My Dress rejoices in an off-the-cuff dreamlike sensuality, pitching and rolling in all sorts of pleasingly unexpected directions. [Dec 2009, p. 115]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"This is a contemporary collection of eclectic modern folk songs by a bold woman who has more in common with an interesting raft of contemporaries than her mentor."
BBC Music,70,"The moods and stylistic leaps made on Hunting My Dress are all the more impressive when you consider how well the album hangs together."
Pitchfork,70,"The California-bred Hoop does indeed have plenty of additional idiosyncratic ideas to offer, not just lyrically but musically, on her second album, Hunting My Dress."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Crafting quirky folk with enough angles to appeal to those who don't usually head to San Francisco with flowers in their hair, Hoop exudes such grace that even when all that glitters isn't gold, you might momentary believe otherwise."
PopMatters,69,"Hoop is an undeniably charismatic musician, but her music will benefit from a more natural and organic absorption of these impulses. In other words, she doesn't need to work so hard to prove anything."

Lost At Sea,70,"There is aimlessness on occasion--the mainly instrumental 'OVNI' frankly just sounds like messing around--but for the most part the sense of glee in vigorous sound making for cranky and rebellious ends is infectious. [Aug 2010, p.86]"
Filter,60,"Bontempi organ drum tracks merge together to create a hypnotic funk. [Sept. 2010, p. 118]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"A ramshackle beast largely informed by the tension between the pair's aforementioned psychedelic styles."
The Guardian,56,"The Terror of Cosmic Loneliness may attempt to forge a common ground between two trans-Atlantic artists, but even when working from the same instrumental base, the sensibilities at play here are still oddly segregated."
NOW Magazine,50,"While The Terror of Cosmic Loneliness is not a complete disaster, even the most loyal of fans will find it difficult to love. The end result sounds quickly thrown together and unusually bereft of ideas."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"It's this sense of melody that worked on projects as diverse as the Neon Neon album and Danger Mouse and Sparklehorse's 'Dark Night of the Soul' record. Unfortunately, this is the failing of The Terror of Cosmic Loneliness where more should be read into the 'vs' in the album's title."
AllMusic,40,"It's probably fair to say that Super Furry Animals would not have had such excellent run were their creative impulses not balanced perfectly between poignant songcraft and archaic weirdness. On The Terror of Cosmic Loneliness, however, we find Gruff Rhys indulging rather heavily in the latter. [Sep 2010, p.101]"
Delusions of Adequacy,30,"It's not easy to describe what's going on here, if one can even figure it out anyway."

The New York Times,100,"Hes no slouch in his endless catalogue of exhumed pop tropes, and here he treats radio pops past with the all-encompassing vagueness of its title."
Uncut,90,"In fact, every track on this superb album is a winner--and, draped in the quiet glamour, fun and stateliness of bygone radio pop-rock, evidence that Ariel has emerged from his bedroom to exact his revenge on Hollywood's Hills."
Under The Radar,90,"For those who've been following along for a few years, this is a groundbreaking record that condenses and amplifies Ariel Pink's most accessible tendencies. But the brilliant thing about Before Today is that no prior knowledge of his catalog is required."
Q Magazine,90,"Before Today is the best collection of pure pop songs released this year, and the experimental odds and bits only add to its considerable charm."
Mojo,90,"Pink has an amazing ability to surprise and does so again and again on Before Today."
Boston Globe,90,"It's strange second-hand pop, deconstructed and represented as something entirely new, augmented by a range of melodies and affectations. Good for him and good for the world for the opportunity to be exposed to his music-pop music in its purest form, pop informed by pop."
The A.V. Club,82,"With Before Today, Pink achieves congruence in the album's construction, but does so without sacrificing his peculiar flair. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.104]"
cokemachineglow,80,"This isnt a few Eighties synth presets stuck through a distortion pedal--its music that resonates far beyond a simple aping of well established precedents, often managing to be funny, sad and thought provoking in the space of a single track."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It's like the strangest early-80s radio station you can imagine, complete with a song about gender confusion entitled Menopause Man. Beguiling stuff."
Slant Magazine,80,"At times you kind of wish hed settle down and just write a proper pop song, but the intoxicating mess of textures and ideas is too addictive and fascinating to complain about."
Spin,80,"The clarity is chill-wave level rather than that of a tape that had been dropped in a bath, then dried with
musicOMH.com,a hairdryer. And, more importantly, the songs sound better than ever."
AllMusic,80,"Even with some of the smoke and mirrors removed, Ariel Pink is still a singular talent."
The Guardian,80,"Before Today is another fun Ariel Pink pop/rock record, more solidly constructed than any of his past efforts. Even more importantly, its also more joyously musical than most full-lengths that have been coming out in recent years, aware not of self and scene but only of the fact that music is fun and feels good."
Boston Globe,80,"There are still the bursts of 60s and 80s melodies, astral synths and slashing guitars, but this record, crisp and unhesitant, leaps beyond his previous inconsistency and preciousness."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Impressively, it achieves the feat of enghancing Pink's legend with out puncturing his mystique. [Jul 2010, p.105]"
The New York Times,80,"Before Today, while easily his best album to date, still feels like it's just the tip of the iceberg for this staggeringly talented songwriter."
BBC Music,80,"His seventh album bristles with ambition, merging influences ranging from hair metal and Merseybeat. [Jul 2010, p.136]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Though the production is by no means slick, the music emerges vividly from its hithero murky world. [Jul 2010, p.93]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Even better is Round and Round, with its jagged interludes and echoes of Arthur Russell. A metaphor for life as a merry-go-round, the song eventually comes into focus and ramps up into a wild roller-coaster ride. The same could be said of this exhilarating album."
Pitchfork,75,"Rosenberg has spent time in a real studio with a real band, and while the resulting album, Before Today, is still lo-fi and crackpot, its remarkable how good Ariel Pinks Haunted Graffiti can sound with just a little cleanup."
Delusions of Adequacy,74,"While he may be fundamentally un-reconstructed, Pinks clearly a more polished revisionist, more polished than hes ever been, and while it may not be conventionally recorded, Before Today still feels punchily archetypal."
The A.V. Club,70,"Before Today accomplishes exactly the same thing all his other good records do, so Im not sure it does much for me that, say, House Arrest didnt. Nonetheless, its still one of his better records--there are some excellent pop songs here, and its a good place to start for listeners who are unfamiliar with Pinks bizarre schtick."
Sputnikmusic,70,"There are times when the garish rehash feels a tad too on the nose."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),70,"Before Today still sounds like it was dubbed to cassette and left on the dash of a 1983 Datsun for an entire summer. Every aspect seems faded and warped, but that doesn't obscure Pink's savvy maneuvering."
PopMatters,50,"No longer the challenging, lo-fi music of yore, what has arrived in its place doesn't have the individuality or character to sustain longer lasting interest."

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"It's another extraordinary musical experience from the Claudia Quintet, who deserve all the high marks they receive as an innovative, thought-provoking, singularly unique contemporary ensemble."
AllMusic,80,"Short, overdubbed dialogue solos by Speed, bassist Drew Gress and vibist Matt Moran add diverting interludes, and there's plenty of dreamy humming-glass sounds and luxurious accordion sighs to balance all this fine album's industrious busyness."
Slant Magazine,80,"The quintet adds Gary Versace on piano, and he blends in seamlessly, sometimes as ensemble player with a perfect grasp of Hollenbeck's jolty, elastic sensibility, and elsewhere with a cool pianism that brings the sound back to more familiar jazz terrain."
Paste Magazine,80,"For those unfamiliar with this exemplary quintet and its composer, there's no better place to begin."
Pitchfork,80,"Structure and liberty are both so integrated into the band playbook that they don't assume any kind of opposition. That's more commonplace than it used to be too, though this group still makes it feel special."
Billboard.com,80,"Claudia's timbres, eerie and winsome in equal measure, prove its greatest strong point. The combination of clarinet, accordion and vibraphone fashions an electric whistle and whir that squares the circle between 90s indie science frictioners Stereolab and 60s proto-proggers Soft Machine, making it clear that Claudia is a jazz group questioning the divide between genres and points in time."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Frequently mining a trebly, contemplative territory, the album can initially feel somewhat monochromatic, but unexpected pleasures lie below the surface."
cokemachineglow,75,"Hollenbeck leavens the severity of his attack with instrumental warmth and unusual ensemble timbre: reeds (Chris Speed), accordion (Ted Reichman), vibes (Matt Moran), bass (Drew Gress), percussion--plus, on Royal Toast, frequent collaborator Gary Versace on piano."
BBC Music,71,"I wouldn't mind hearing Hollenbeck use the group to explore his softer side, because the pulsing comedowns on this record are some of its most arresting moments, even though the in-betweenness makes it unique and enjoyable on its own merits."

Clash Music,100,"Flying Lotus has made the strongest album to date with his amazing collection of sounds, beats and instruments; as good as you felt after hearing the sheer brilliance of 'Los Angeles.'"
Drowned In Sound,100,"Flying Lotus reaches into the past in order to create something clearly of the future  a hybridized work that challenges others to follow its dazzling blueprint."
The Guardian,100,"Time will tell if 'Cosmogramma' is the most definitive moment of his career, but at this point it seems the realm of electronic music is open for Flying Lotus to be the next big visionary of his genre."
Dusted Magazine,91,"Part of its delight is how naturally the disparate parts fit together, but another part is how they add up to phantasmagoria if you let your attention wander (and don't be a tight-ass-you should)."
musicOMH.com,90,"Flying Lotus, much like Yorke, Greenwood & Co., has made a definitive summary of a decade's worth of advances in electronic music, a release that transcends genre and deserves to become a glorified phenomena by those who experience it."
Spin,90,"Cosmogramma is futurist in form, rather than content. Reliving the future's past through a constellation of references to cosmic jazz, psychedelic funk, hip-hop, and techno, the music of Flying Lotus never fixates long enough to crystallize; any groove that spontaneously emerges is quickly subverted, churned up in favor of a creating new maps and new vectors."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Cosmogramma is an instrumental genre-jumping journey for head-bopping intellectuals, and the meditative melodies by vocalists Thundercat, Laura Darlington and Thom Yorke only add to the experience."
Under The Radar,90,"The surprising achievement of Cosmogramma is how capably it reinterprets that kind of innately communal vibe into private introspection without losing a bit of its energy along the way."
Uncut,89,"On Cosmogramma, this never-ending stream of aural textures sounds effortless, and the enthralling swirl of jazz, drum 'n' bass, dubstep and hip-hop beckons you toward the edge of something damn near cosmic."
The Boston Phoenix,88,"Cosmogramma is an intricate, challenging record that fuses his loves-- jazz, hip-hop, videogame sounds, IDM-- into something unique. It's an album in the truest sense."
Rolling Stone,87,"Cosmogramma may evade complete comprehension, but Flying Lotus' foreign and colorful arrangements entice even the most casual listener."
Q Magazine,85,"Yet, even though the steady presence of featured performances helps beautify Cosmogramma, this is essentially Ellison's crowning achievement. The album is sequenced with a sense of purpose, evidential from the promo being presented as a long continuous track."
The A.V. Club,85,"Cosmogramma bursts with inventiveness; I've found myself careening around my apartment to sounds I don't recognize as of this Earth. That Lotus takes these vibrant ideas and sets them to pulses that move asses is incredible. Apparently everyone else is bouncing along in agreement."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Because in constantly mutating just when you begin to pin it down, drawing everything around in before rearranging atoms before your very eyes, Cosmogramma proves itself time and time again as mind-meltingly boundless as a black hole."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dense and obtuse it may be but those who follow this most intense sonic explorer will be rewarded the greatest."
Urb,80,"Cosmogramma is dense and devotional, Ellison piloting his craft into the fading slipstream of his aunt Alice Coltrane's cosmic strain of jazz. Not that it's jazz, exactly. Well, no more than it is techno, dubstep, chiptune, P-funk, IDM and, by no means least, hip-hop."
cokemachineglow,80,"Add in a dabbling in the spirit of free jazz and one might expect this album to be a wilfully discordant aural trial. But it turns out to be quite the opposite. The parts may be disparate but they are made to submit to an abiding mood of vivacity and sunniness."
PopMatters,80,"At first, it sounds a bit of a mess, and takes serious patience to unpack. But its catchiness does emerge with time, and it cements Ellison's position as one of the few genuinely unpredictable artists at work."
Under The Radar,80,"Proclamations of his greatness may be slightly exaggerated, but Cosmogramma certainly adds to a deservedly growing reputation."
Pitchfork,80,"Warm and inviting, his latest opus occasions swan dives into future soul, funky dubstep ('Dance of the Pseudo Nymph'), Theo Parrishstyled house ('Do the Astral Plane'), and astonishingly, Sun Ra jazz ('Arkestry')."
AllMusic,80,"Picking us up where the laptop prof's 'Los Angeles' debut dropped us for another nocturnal journey through LA that serves as a moody, widescreen, be-bopping riposte to UK dubstep. Only this time it's a flashier ride."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Cosmogramma is futuristic magnum opus that will indubitably be heralded as one of th emost intrepid albums of 2010. [Spring 2010, p.74]"
Q Magazine,80,"Woozy, off-track beats blend with video game blips and organic strings, harp and sax, while a cameo from Thom Yorke is woven neatly into this lush, psychedelic fabric. [Jun 2010, p.86]"
Spin,63,"Cosmogramma is decidedly more, uh, cosmic, than his 2008 'Los Angeles,' in its atmospheric spiral away from the beat and toward a more free-flowing collage of instrumentation."
Sputnikmusic,60,"There's some info overload, but Ellison is an ace with pacing, and a distracted soulfulness guides the frantic laptop science."
Mojo,60,"Fans of experimetal electronica will be [happy], though Radiohead devotees should exercise caution. [Jun 2010, p.124]"

Austin Chronicle,91,"Tommy doesnt aim to dazzle like 2008s Wolves And Wishes or 2006s The Lost Take; instead, it focuses all its tech-wizardry on some of the most vulnerable, exultant melodies Dosh has captured yet."
The A.V. Club,90,"Its certainly going to be one of the most, if not the most, fresh sounding electronic albums of the year and its only going to get better as time passes."
PopMatters,90,"Tommy sounds like it has been carefully scored, but chances are Dosh created all this in his head. There are so many perfect moments."
Under The Radar,80,"Tommy excels because there is no one correct way to describe the music. Using everything from Afrobeat to IDM, Dosh does it all; yet, he manages to find a way to make the entire project cohesive."
AllMusic,78,"What this means in terms of structure and pace is that Tommy is leisurely, which to some people might suggest boring except that this is a very dynamic sort of leisure."
Rolling Stone,70,"This is Dosh taking a step back, slowing down, freaking out a little (check the snarling ending of album finale Gare de Lyon), and making the most personal music of his career."
No Ripcord,70,"[Iit is] a rambling, sweet-and-savory aural feast. [Spring 2010, p.69]"
BBC Music,69,"Dosh has indeed graduated from the sketchbook-like arrangements that marked his earlier work-- but Tommy's occasional tedium is a reminder that there's nothing wrong with doodling in the margins, either."
PopMatters,60,"The pieces here -- it's hard to call them songs or tracks -- are almost ambient, but there's too much noise and too many shifting sounds to keep you from spacing out for too long."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Tommy is a kind of maximalist musical confetti, a mostly instrumental amalgamation of jazz, hip-hop, folk, and laid-back electronica. Disparate ideas flit in and out of these songs, often before the listener really has a chance to get acquainted with them."
Sputnikmusic,60,"His fifth album is typically protean. [May 2010, p.118]"

Pitchfork,80,"Junior could be just the thing for still-mourning Sleater-Kinney fans or anyone who likes their licks righteous and their indignation more so."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"While Junior lacks the mystifying guitar work that she built her name on, it is her most visceral and down to earth release to date."
AllMusic,80,"King's voice, whether riding roughshod over her band's new found vravura arrangements or playing the smoky chanteuse, is still a decisive instrument of its own. [June 2010, p. 99]"
XLR8r,78,"Finding her voice keeps King coming back sharper, more song and sound savvy, a commercially androgynous rockist back-and-forthing between guitar enchantment."
Dusted Magazine,75,"King has given herself artistic license to make do with a voice that just isn't strong enough to keep up with all the interesting things going on around it."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It's an album that manages consistency without ever letting you get settled. Where each of her records has shown her brilliant musicianship, Junior is Kaki King's finest accomplishment as a songwriter."
Pitchfork,70,"[The instrumentals] showcase King's extraordinary playing as she blends acoustic and electric guitar to create soundscapes of lilting, often unsettling beauty. [Spring 2010, p.70]"
Under The Radar,60,"The biggest drawback, one that can make the listener tire of the album long before it ends, is her terminally flat, undisciplined voice. More often than not, her compelling song structures suffer because of it. Ultimately, Junior feels more like a band record and furthers the sounds explored on Dreaming of Revenge."
Drowned In Sound,60,"She doesn't have a ton of vocal gravitas, and too much of the record is taken up by spirdery guitar explorations; its indicative that the soft, simple break-up lament 'Sunnyside' is both the least musically showy thing here, and the most movin"
BBC Music,40,"What is frustrating about Junior is King's obvious talent. It is clear that this is a woman capable of a level of musicianship most artists can't achieve, yet she seems unable to do anything more with it than repeat a few good ideas with diminishing returns."

musicOMH.com,80,"In its own right, The Fear... is an impressive piece of work. As inevitable as comparisons with their previous creations are, they shouldnt detract from what is by anyone elses standards a major achievement"
The Guardian,80,"It tops a fine collection that reveals the kind of production and songwriting progress that every band which treads water should aspire to."
Uncut,63,"Red Sparowes cant shake the post-rock stereotype--but occasionally they do point the way forward."
Mojo,60,"Fans of the genre will likely find it to be one of the better releases of the year. It seems that Red Sparowes, though, are missing a special part of their sound and it's holding them back from becoming the band they could be and indeed, may well be with a future release."
PopMatters,52,"Without fail, The Fear rides that button down to a nub, going so far as to circle back on longer tracks to give the button another unnecessary push."

Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"A little order goes a long way in making Pumps! their most accessible album to date, but what makes it their most successful album is that it still sounds like Growing."
Q Magazine,80,"Yeah, it's that stoney and weird, but it's also really, really good. Potentially their most accomplished work."
The A.V. Club,75,"The watery guitar parts of All the Way remain, rolled up into gritty, more linear drum-machine rhythms that occasionally give way to the serene drone of Growing's earlier years."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The stylistic ground covered on Pumps is a logical progression for Growing and leaves them with a number of interesting places to go from here."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Trying to isolate moments on PUMPS! proves fairly fruitless, though. Its a totally immersive experience, best approached with trust and surrender."
No Ripcord,61,"Growing's approach is uncharacteristically undeveloped here, as the trio never seems to know for what exactly what it's aiming."
Lost At Sea,60,"Its choppy melodic synth lead is a perfect example of how even in music this esoteric, the pop bug can still bite. And maybe that's what Pumps is, in a way-Growing's twisted vision of a pop record."

Pitchfork,90,"We can speculate as to how their ethos and focus was developed from time spent in the company of other imaginative musicians  it could well be essential to their consistent evolution  but the evidence on Peepers leaves no doubt as to how successful this union of education and expression is."
Billboard.com,80,"Peepers is every bit as good, talented musicians reworking the rulebook with hearts and minds at play."
BBC Music,80,"An invigorating album, then, and one that says a great deal despite being instrumental the whole way through."
Uncut,80,"Rochford's mix of circus-oompah patterns, punchy funk with neatly-spliced jazzy offbeats and encyclopaedic world-rhythm references mean you could listen to this compelling set just for him."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Their albums have got better and better since 2005, with saxophonists Pete Wareham and Mark Lockheart entering into ever more engaging dialogues while the rhythm sections flail around inventively. Here Leafcutter John, who usually makes odd noises with a sampler, switches to guitar addng a clunky alt-rock feel to tracks. [Mar 2010, p.93]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The rest is equally compelling, oscillating between eccentric skronk essays, woozy nocturnes, and harmonic hymns. It's jazz shorn of cliche that demands to be taken on its pigeonhole rebuffing merits. [Mar 2010, p.92]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Basically, this isn't your father's jazz. But if you have a twisted ear and an adventurous streak, it very well could be yours."
Dot Music,70,"Four albums in, Polar Bear are clearly trying new things, ensuring that their brand of jazz-punk remains at the forefront of forward-thinking jazz music with an incessant desire to rebel against current trends."
AllMusic,60,"Peepers mostly whizzes by in a heady blur, but when they paise for thought, a whole new layer of depth and intrigue emerges. [Apr 2010, p.116]"

XLR8r,100,"Sisterworld makes delirium more than just contagious--its downright catchy."
Paste Magazine,90,"When your nightbus home is beset by phantasmagorical drunkards with beady, threatening eyes, when your ears are bashed by mendacious line managers and eyes beset by the violence of news/advert/news, then this incredible album is your passport to a better place."
cokemachineglow,90,"Ultimately, the album represents a refinement of every base Liars have covered prior to it, coupled with a mixture of musical maturity and an exploratory vigor that make for an altogether astonishing experience."
Prefix Magazine,90,"They admirably say as little as possible, yet somehow get the message across. Its an amazing gift in this day and age, when every wanna-be reality star climaxes at the sound of their own voice, to be concise and minimalist, and I have to say I love them for it."
Filter,85,"For such a dense, demented album to have a definite ending should assure listeners otherwise afraid of institutionalization that further listening will not only be safe, but worth it even if it wasn't."
Dusted Magazine,81,"Admittedly, some parts are easier to admire than they are to enjoy. But stick with Sisterworld as it builds, let it seep into your brain while you wait for its bulging seams to burst, and you might find yourself unable to turn your ears away. Eventually, Liars' commitment to their own creepy cause proves contagious."
Spin,81,"The oddball trio's new set is edgy and experimental, containing lurid imagery and bold use of dissonance."
PopMatters,80,"Sisterworld is perhaps their masterpiece, showcasing as it does all strands of the Liars sound so far."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Sisterworld is an impressive record which lurches menacingly between euphoria and tranquility. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
Alternative Press,80,"Sisterworld derives unity from its punchdrunk stagger, arresting the worry Liars had lost their command of atmosphere after 'Drums Not Dead.' Theyve soaked themselves in a new city and emerged renewed, once again."
Boston Globe,80,"It's an ethereal end to an album that is both exhausting and exhilarating. Sisterworld is, in musical terms, an interesting place to visit, but you'd definitely not choose to live there."
Under The Radar,80,"For Liars, it's another triumph of stylized strangeness--and the third consecutive album on which they've proven themselves to be one of the most creative and compelling acts in the musical underground."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"As ever though, Liars emerge with their own sonic identity intact - you can 'hear' LA in the chaos, disquiet and vast, starving spaces of these songs, but they remain a band that don't surrender easily to their surroundings."
Mojo,80,"Though the concept and the bands handling of it are impressive, listeners dont have to be aware of it to appreciate the almost tangible moods Liars create on each song."
Q Magazine,80,"Sisterworld maintains Liars' sonic trappings but apparently deals with subcultural scenes as a means of maintaining identity in a city like LA."
Rolling Stone,79,"Sisterworld is petulant, rewarding and ultimately lonely. Its a record that refuses to pick a style or lock step with the world that exists around it, much like the band that created it."
Alternative Press,76,"The band will surely never be able to banish the ghosts of their tenuous acclaim, but as far as sounding finally, thankfully revitalized by their obvious talent and ravenous taste in all shapes and colors of music, Sisterworld is the most refreshing thing Ive come upon this year."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),75,"Sisterworld is their first album that fits in soundly with the work of other bands. Whether or not thats a good thing for Liars is a matter of debate."
The A.V. Club,72,"Sisterworld is a slight and perhaps necessary comedown for Liars after the polar extremes of previous releases."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Sisterworld includes mixtape-friendly stunners and make-it-stop agony in its cryptic commentary on the passive aggression of California. For that, it will get partisans who vouch for it as the best thing theyve done, while others will declare it unfit to suckle the teat of Blixa Bargeld. Its worth arguing about."
No Ripcord,70,"Sisterworld veers between frenzy and foreboding, exploring the City of Angels' demonic side, from Charles Manson to Bret Easton Ellis, while producer Tom Biller adds richly detailed Hollywood orchestration."
AllMusic,70,"A listener might reach the end of Sisterworld and wonder what, exactly, was the point of visiting this imaginary space. Although it is excellently performed, recorded and mixed, this is definitely not an album that could be recommended for its escapist value."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Liars successfully created a stimulating, challenging, and disturbing record and while it may click immediately for some, dont get frustrated if you find yourself lost in the woods."
Spin,70,"Much of Sisterworld has a decidedly seasick feel punctuated only occasionally by angular blasts of carnival-esque speed. All told, it's more than enough to satisfy and just enough to keep you guessing. [Apr 2010, p.126]"
Pitchfork,70,"Like everything else the band has done since it graduated at the top of New York Citys millennial post-punk class, the songs are sometimes off-putting material, requiring patience."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A schzoid excursion into the fake plastic glitz/sorid underground duality at the heart of Los Angeles. [Winter 2010, p.64]"
Under The Radar,63,"For all that Liars have striven to create an original album, the songs suggest not so much inspiration and composition as hours of laborious mixing and midnight consultations with Brian Eno's 'Oblique Strategies.'"
BBC Music,60,"Sisterworld's art-pop is perhaps more accessible than much of Liars' discography, but it's a sound this most restless group will likely tire of long before you do. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The dizzying 'Here Comes All The People,' this roller-coaster album's highlight, merges post-punk trash with whispered vocals, orchestral wizardry, funky guitar, tub-thumping drums and Snow Patrol-esque grandeur. [Apr 2010, p.115]"
Rock Sound,60,"Some Velvets-style beauty surfaces near the album's end, but the sense of comfort collapses into 'Too Much, Too Much,' a song welcoming death."

Mojo,90,"Home Acres is rooted in stunning energy that tells the tale of a Midwestern dream falling apart. [Apr 2010, p.122]"
musicOMH.com,83,"It's musically complex and ambitious, but flashes of powerpop shine through, making this Aloha's hookiest effort to date. Its pop aspect is more nocturnal than sunny, though, with its colors showing subtly vivid in the twilight."
Uncut,75,"While Home Acres reverts every now and then to formless mush, the album ends beautifully with the pounding, organ-washed Ruins, which summarizes the records whole approach: rising from a murmur to call to the heavens."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"The vocal parts are slathered in a hazy, echoing ambience and arent smoothly integrated with the songs. That being said, its not reason enough to dismiss the album, as there is enough substantive music to overcome this imperfection."
Pitchfork,70,"Aloha have created an album with a strange feel, Home Acres is dark but its not cold. Its a humid album that aptly demonstrates Alohas greatest strengths, but also highlights their weaknesses."
BBC Music,70,"Home Acres never breaks any new barriers and it's less cerebral than earlier outings, but its a good, consistent listen that showcases the band in their comfort zone."
AllMusic,70,"Home Acres, on the other hand, is immediately likeable, suitably complex, and not really very adventurous at all. Instead of reinvention, it commits to recombining old elements in a thoughtful, thematically precise way."
Under The Radar,70,"Pretty much every song on this prog-pop band's sixth disc evokes moodiness via some sort of weather, event, or technological-flux metaphor. It's a suitable theme for elegantly mutable yet hummably compact songs, led by marimba as often as guitar."
NOW Magazine,68,"The key to enjoying an Aloha record is to hone in on the sounds and textures as much as the stories. With that in mind, Acres provides plenty of subtle rewards."
Mojo,40,"While stripping back the instrumentation, so went some of the ambitious structures and much of the angularity that draws the ear into their gorgeous textures."
Pitchfork,40,"It's one of those albums that would have fared better as an EP. [Winter 2010, p.72]"

AllMusic,80,"The resultant pieces feel so alive that you can almost sense the pressure of Frahms fingers alighting on each key as these solemn improvisations begin to weave their magic."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The Bells is an excellent foothold into the baffling world of neo-classical composers. This is well worth a shot."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Possessing a grandeur that never descends into pomposity and a restraint that could never be mistaken for bland aural wallpaper, this is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful releases youre likely to hear over the coming months."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is spare, emotionally charged piano music which always errs toward the melodic side of melancholy. [Mar 2010, p.99]"
PopMatters,60,"The Bells is a mixed bag of accomplished piano pieces that could do with a bit more subtlety in those passages where the intensity rises. It's those softer, more intimate asides that have the greatest impact."
XLR8r,60,"On the likes of 'Said And Done' Frahm conjures up a mood of melancholic introspection that makes this accomplished, genuinely pretty set a serious (if rather less extravagant) rival to Gonzales and Andrew WK's recent piano excursions. [Feb 2010, p.84]"

AllMusic,88,"On Creatures, Clogs imagine a graceful space that's always worth revisiting."
Delusions of Adequacy,82,"Lady Walton contains the most accomplished and varied music Clogs have recorded to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Theyll soon become enraptured by what accompanies these highest-of-profile pieces: music that embraces the listener with a silken touch and seduces them with a beguiling beauty that, still, sits prettily beyond the clamour of convenient categorisation."
PopMatters,70,"There are moments of impossible beauty (Owl of Love), dense, but structured dissonance (Adages of Cleansing), and of course, whimsical, classically minded, indie folk (On the Edge), that when consumed all together, feel like a perfectly executed mash-up of Aaron Copland, Dead Can Dance, Bill Frisell, and Shirley Collins."
cokemachineglow,60,"Few bands make their effort appreciated but not felt; Clogs don't squeeze the music too hard, they let it exist on its own."
Pitchfork,60,"It wont be everyones cup of tea. My Brightest Diamonds Shara Worden sings on over half of the tracks, and her operatic voice is at times jarringly high. But its also soft and masterfully controlled, never distracting from the nuanced soundscapes bobbing in the background."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This lavish song cycle, embarcing intricate choral, chamber and post-rock passages, is the feted US/Australian ensemble's first non-instrumental album. [Jul 2010, p.95]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Every moment is tactile and visual, like paint strokes that are just color on their own but together create a meaningful image. The resulting pictures are also wide and expansive, like a slow Stanley Kubrick pan or a meditative Terrence Malick nature shot."
No Ripcord,80,"Yellow Swans' literal swan song found the two still exploring their way through often majestic drone--if the roots of the band had always been as much in uncontrolled experimentation as in serene contemplation, here the two sides found a fine fusion."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Going Places is a monolith, the cacophonous capstone to a career that never settled for less. Its two guys arriving at their musical endpoint, culminating nearly a decade of work with one final refinement."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Going Places is one of the heaviest, haziest, and densest records you're likely to hear in any genre. It also fulfills one of the promises of Yellow Swans career that was most apparent in their live shows -- namely, a marriage between the liberation of pure noise and the intellectual appeal of headier, more sophisticated experimental electronic practices."
musicOMH.com,80,"The ultimate judgment of Going Places ought to be that of a great record that should and will be listened to often."
BBC Music,70,"Its as restless and creative as the duo have ever been. In some ways, its even more so, as Yellow Swans, always progressive in their approach to the noise/melody duality, do an especially good job here of making pretty and even tuneful songs that still have that tear-your-face-off quality."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Going Places has the feel of a ghost bearing down on you, and the only comfort it offers lies in the fact that it feels a lot like being alive right now."

NOW Magazine,80,"Endless Falls' mix of old and new maintains Morgan's reputation as one of the most consistent, and consistently interesting, producers out there."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Morgan is back with Loscil's fifth album, the somber Endless Falls, his most austere and least cluttered album yet."
Mojo,80,"Endless Falls is the most complete version of Morgan's vision for Loscil to date. It's an album that's easy to get lost in after a few cursory wanders into the ether, where the amalgamation of barely-musical sounds sucks you in and seems to produce something different every time."
Hot Press,80,"There are depths to Endless Fall, sure, but they're not empty depths. As Bejar's personal-crisis-and/or-aesthetic-manifesto monologue makes clear, the brain behind Loscil's music is just as active and vital as what it produces."
Clash Music,77,"What's interesting isn't that an ambient record has suddenly introduced vocals, which is nothing new, or that these vocals are used exclusively for talking rather than singing, which isn't particularly surprising. What's really important is what this talking is totally, explicitly about: rather than just hinting at atmospheres and moods, vaguely suggesting a concept which can be seized upon as the thematic core of the music, Loscil provides what is literally an explanation of an album, which in turn makes the album about the act of its explanation."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Sometimes conceptual ambient albums can feel a bit forced-- Klimek's recent film-centric Movies Is Magic comes to mind-- but here the theme works hand-in-hand with the music."
The Guardian,70,"While Endless Falls and its predecessor created an organic sound by including improvised contributions from a small ensemble, the string and piano contributions here stand with classical seriousness."
Uncut,70,"There's a sort of imposed solipsism here, when tones sometimes seem to have different throb rates depending on the listener's caffeine intake. But Morgan himself is absolutely aware of, and screwing around with, conventions, assumptions, and expectations."

Slant Magazine,90,"That the record plays out so consistently and yet flows with such apparent ease is testament to the skills honed by the band since its inception back in Copenhagen in 2000."
Under The Radar,89,"The band's third LP scales back and sharpens the electronic textures and cinematic sweep that defined 2007's 'Parades,' and the result is Efterklang's most immediate work."
Q Magazine,80,"Magic Chairs is an album that understands the importance of harmonies, and the importance of the score."
Dusted Magazine,80,"A very satisfying addition to an already impressive Efterklang discography, then--and it would be interesting to see if the band writes faster music on their next album."
Pitchfork,80,"Its focused, and superbly executed, but forgoes immersive longevity for determined immediacy."
Paste Magazine,80,"On Magic Chairs, Efterklang manages to excise its most affected gestures, keep its penchant for wide-ranging adventurousness, and bring new found confidence to the more personal, micro-aspects of their sound. The result is a triumphant orchestral pop record which radiates with intelligence and touch."
The A.V. Club,80,"Theres still a tendency toward icy detachment, but considering their affection for almost overwrought instrumental embellishments, the restraint serves them well."
Paste Magazine,80,"Rather than attempting to outdo themselves, Efterklang scale back, ending sweetly, without overplaying their hand or overstaying their welcome."
Spin,80,"The economy and velvet touch of Efterklang's music-making have survived, except the finesse is now allied to a newly arresting, wistful songwriting style that carries  with it echoes of the early Coldplay."
AllMusic,80,"Classy Copenhagen act unveil penchant for pop."
BBC Music,70,"Paired down to their essence, this distilled Efterklang is premium strength stuff."
musicOMH.com,70,"Efterklangs first release on the legendary 4AD label is packed full of immediate melodies and soul."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"It's emotional music, full of subtle tension and lurking drama."
Slant Magazine,60,"The resultant mash-up of Noughties Brooklyn cool and Flaming Lips grand folly can exhilarare, but there is also a worrying tendency for Magic Chairs to strain for significance like Coldplay. [Mar 2010, p.84]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It's a little too easy to hear the band in Arcade Fire mode here and Coldplay mode there, which raises the uncomfortable question of what, exactly, Efterklang sounds like in Efterklang mode. That's not a question that Magic Chairs resolves, but it ends up being quite a lot of fun just listening to them play around with some possible answers."
Pitchfork,60,"While Magic Chairs is decidely more hit than miss, one can't help but wonder, 'where have I heard this before?' Oh yeah...in every other ultra-pleasant orchestral popper out there. [Winter 2010, p.82]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"While there's plenty to admire, Magic Chairs feels like th work of a band who can't quite allow themselves to make the anthemic indie-rock of which they're clearly capable. [Mar 2010, p.101]"
XLR8r,60,"For now, the experience of listening to Magic Chairs is a frustrating one: the sound of a group with one foot remaining in art-pop territory and the other pointed toward an arena-sized sound. Efterklang might pull off either mode, but their occupation of the same space is a source of unwanted friction."
Prefix Magazine,59,"Let's hope Magic Chairs is as much terminal as it is transitional, meaning that next time, they'll get all of that grandness right."
Boston Globe,59,"The album struggles at times to raise its head from the multi-instrumental pack; textured as it is, theres a muted quality to this collection that inevitably leaves ears slightly cold. Its pretty, but not always gripping."

The New York Times,83,"Referencing everything from OMDs Dazzle Ships (on the Speak-&-Spell-esque Apple For A Brain) to Tears For Fears The Hurting (on the digital-acoustic Gray Death), Stewart and Seo have twisted an admittedly dated retro-synth chic into something far more evocative and, yes, progressive."
Filter,81,"The seventh Xiu Xiu album may be the most playfully arranged and colorfully textured in the bands catalog."
PopMatters,80,"But it's with his jarring mix of the banal and the brutal ('I will always be nicer to the cat / Than I will be to you') that Stewart shows his outrageous brilliance."
Uncut,80,"Dear God, I Hate Myself is also the bands most overtly electronic album in some time, with several songs composed on a Nintendo DS that gives the darkness of Apple for a Brain and Secret Motel an unpretentious, somehow friendly feel."
Under The Radar,80,"Dear God is as engagingly weird as anything before, but flows so much better by incorporating the customary sonic terrorism into verse-chorus-verse songs, rather than breaking off for performance poetry about living in the shadow of suicide, or (say) war as legitimate barbarism for jocks."
Lost At Sea,80,"There's just enough pop influence to catch the audience's ear along the way - the refrains on Chocolate Makes You Happy, Dear God, I Hate Myself, and This Too Shall Pass Away (For Freddy) are as infectious as any mainstream pop song."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Now seven full-lengths into their career, Xiu Xiu have hit a milestone with Dear God, I Hate Myself. Over 12 songs, they condense the best aspects of all their previous albums to craft what may prove to be their finest hour."
Alternative Press,80,"The album stands out as often exhilarating collision of disparate elements."
Pitchfork,75,"But the kicker, for both music and lyrics, is Xiu Xiu's version of a pep talk, 'This Too Shall Pass Away,' where Stewart shows that being the most tortured musician of all time makes his fleeting flecks of hope doubly heartfelt."
AllMusic,73,"New listeners will be immediately confronted with a couple of very catchy, horror-laced new wave anthems about fatal beatings and bulimia, and make that perennial first-Xiu-Xiu-experience decision: Do I buy this?"
BBC Music,70,"Most of the remaining 11 songs on  Dear God, I Hate Myself are built around sequencers and beats rather than guitars, and while theyve by no means called off their flirtations with dramatic bursts of noise, they are only intermittent over the 38 minutes"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"At the very least, Dear God, I Hate Myself marks a new level of maturity and self-awareness for the band."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Dear God, I Hate Myself packs enough of a wallop that it is worth sitting through some dross to get at the choice bits, which, as is the case with any of the best work by Xiu Xiu, are uncomfortable, uncompromising, and easily hummable."
No Ripcord,70,"Deliriously drunk in its own eccentricities, Dear God is unlikely to win over new fans, and Stewarts unhinged vocal acrobatics can get grating without former band member Caralee McElroy backing him up."
PopMatters,70,"This album, which he produced with the drummer Greg Saunier of Deerhoof, shudders with the tension of opposing ideals: folksiness and futurism, clarity and ambiguity."
musicOMH.com,64,"Xiu Xius Dear God has at least three memorable post-punk anthems, including album opener Gray Death. For the most part, though, the album is a series of challenges."
PopMatters,60,"Even if Xiu Xiu has sincere intentions, the album projects the impression that its willing to indulge in absurdity at the expense of the emotional heart of the songs."
Lost At Sea,60,"Happily, the music Stewart's art rock collective make on their seventh studio LP tells a more playful and diverse story, incorporating vivid punktronica, delicate ambient moodscapes and icy chamber-pop. [Mar 2010, p.107]"
Mojo,60,"Dear God may be a touch less foocused than other releases, but in Stewart's skewed world that's more of an asset than anything else. [Winter 2010, p.66]"
AllMusic,47,"The one unique thing about Stewart's lyrical style (a sort of homage of shallow, U.S. suburban vernacular that paints a very specific picture to those of us from the suburbs) seems to be missing on Dear God, I Hate Myself. Sure, maybe it's even tongue-in-cheek, but I sure hope he's not joking."

Uncut,85,"Tapestry of Webs makes the band's debut EP seem like forgotten practice demos. Across the board, the album displays acts of jazz, salsa and anti-post-pop (if that's a word), and it all leaves the listener coming back for more."
Pitchfork,80,"Past Lives seem poised to avoid various aesthetic dead-ends and the subcultures that foment said traps. It's a trend for listeners to get behind. [Mar 2010, p.94]"
cokemachineglow,75,"Tapestry of Webs is an encouraging, welcome surprise-- a clear sign that the musicians involved are pushing themselves and searching for something new."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Though it's a little perverse for the band to bury its explosive moments, it proves that there's more to Past Lives than rehashing the Blood Brothers' legacy. They're still finding their footing on Tapestry of Webs, but they're going interesting places."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Past Lives are prog incarnate; yet dissection of their work here reveals a far simpler formula than what initially presents itself. The four are restricted to some degree by their make-up, with Henderson handling much of the multi-instrumentalist demands, but the ideas are solid."
BBC Music,70,"With Tapestry of Webs, Past Lives prove how musicians spawned from relatively constrictive sonic bloodlines, like hardcore, can eventually produce something that's different, yet equally penetrating."
No Ripcord,70,"Tapestry of Webs is a different creature. Jordan Billies vocals can still process a scream as well as anyone, but theres a newfound fondness for melody audible in these songs. When melodies do crop up, however, its less likely to inspire bliss than to accentuate the ominous mood sustained over these dozen songs. Theres a post-punk minimalism and a no-wave crash-and-burn spirit on display here."
Filter,60,"They show the beginnings of great ideas in almost every song, and a few get the full treatment and stay great all the way through. The good songs are very enjoyable, the rest of the album is, unfortunately, pretty forgettable."
Prefix Magazine,60,"While theres no denying that Tapestry of Webs sounds like the work of accomplished, seasoned musicians, its occasionally a bit too unassuming for its own good."

NOW Magazine,90,"Kollaps Tradixionales is an outstanding album that competes with anything the band has done previously under its various monikers. It's early in the year to be predicting albums of 2010, but this will surely be up there."
Q Magazine,90,"Silver Mt. Zion provides ample proof here that it has become the unit by which the work of those musicians who pass through its ranks should be judged."
Urb,88,"At the very least, it should win new converts just in time for the long-awaited reunion."
PopMatters,80,"Elegiac Montreal collective's relatively orthodox sixth album. [May 2010, p. 97]"
XLR8r,80,"This is another chapter in the sonic evolution that began with the name A Silver Mt. Zion, and contains many more dimensions, layers, and textures. It pushes harder and further with much less, yet comes across as no less raggedly and poetically majestic."
Austin Chronicle,80,"While Efrim Menuck will never be a technically great singer, his fiery, hopeful delivery here marks a career best. [Mar 2010, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"Kollaps Tradixionales makes no apologies for this shift, but it does defuse 13 Blues' sometimes oppressive air by reconciling the band's current incarnation with its more graceful earlier output."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Though the album is an hour long, there are at least thirty minutes of excellent music here. Those who were excited by the direction implied by 13 Moons, however, can't help but feel disappointed."
Pitchfork,70,"It pretty much wouldn't be a Silver Mt Zion record if it didn't have a pretty-much-impossible-to-understand conceptually connected section at one or more points. Tracks four to six fit this bill, being alternate spellings of the album title."
Filter,70,"The emphasis on songcraft here puts Menuck's vocal range in the spotlight. While he has some standout moments, notably a casual lamentation within 'Kollapz Tradixional (Thee Olde Dirty Flag)' and a jagged shout on 'Kollaps Tradicional (Bury 3 Dynamos),' his range isn't always up to the demands of the music."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"This is another tippy-toe step forward in a strange journey that's seen them steadily chart a course beyond the ubiquitous post-rock tag to take in orchestral pomp and clattering psych-outs as they forge some sort of hairy, woebegone chamber music for an indie set raised on Dirty Three and The Black Heart Procession."
Prefix Magazine,70,"They may be pared down to 5 members now, but they still generate a big band noise. Whether this is down to overdubbing or clever use of atmospherics is anyone's guess, but the results are convincing."
musicOMH.com,66,"The titular light only spills out over rolling snares after much searching. Unfortunately, the remainder of  Kollaps Tradixionales isn't quite up to the task. [Winter 2010, p.94]"
XLR8r,65,"They're onto something with the blistering, bluesy, punk direction, but the sound will never gel as long as the songs keep getting stretched beyond their logical breaking points. It's time to move on."
AllMusic,60,"The co-founder of Godspeed You! Black Emperor still makes stumbling experimental rock but fails to improve on his previous work."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The two-part 'Metal Bird' is genuinely thrilling. They don't scale such heights elesewhere, but this is still an album that rewards perseverance. [Mar 2010, p.108]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"Dont be expecting any Texas harsh, desert-crusted psychedeliathis is more fields and forest music, lush electronica crafted with some awesome, mutant pop songwriting."
PopMatters,70,"Been Meaning to Tell You is not exactly a musical revolution wrapped in a hoodie, but it is a solid step toward legitimacy for the label and is worthy of recognition for Gonzales hard work."
No Ripcord,70,"The project as a whole is impressive, but it's a testament to Gonzales that his music holds up to the grand scope of his endeavor."
Lost At Sea,67,"Gonzales weaves a seamless listen."
Dusted Magazine,50,"Even the sunniest of good-time albums needs a source of tension, but Gonzalez has provided nothing more than a stream of pleasantry. The resulting album is immediately gratifying, but theres nothing to keep the listener coming back."

Uncut,80,"Causers Of This infects your mind with pure psychedelia, splicing such conflicting sounds as soul, freak folk, hip-hop and electronica, and the result hits you like Animal Collective on a comedown, or Ariel Pink with Seasonal Affective Disorder."
BBC Music,76,"Bundick embraces a cleaner and mellower sound that's more indebted to hip-hop. He wears his inspirations proudly, and throughout there's a clear nod to producers like J Dilla and Flying Lotus."
Under The Radar,76,"Closing with a bit of gaudy, high 80s bubblegum, Causers of This is a bold introduction to a promising newcomer."
Q Magazine,75,"For some, this could be unlistenable; for others, it will simply come off like the natural product of glitch, shoegaze (to which Bundick certainly owes his chord palette), lo-fi, and psych."
Pitchfork,75,"Despite its basis in a genre with an expiration date, Causers of This is nonetheless an album worthy of consideration. While lacking in straight-ahead pop sensibility, it redeems itself by simply being interesting."
AllMusic,70,"Toro Y Moi puts intelligence and inventiveness into a youthful music genre dumbing itself down at an unduly early stage."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Bundick's Causers of This is also peaceful, but the album's tranquil tones sound a lot more like happy accidents than well-executed plans."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Causers of This sounds like a dance-pop mixtape plunged underwater -- it's all smeary synthesizers, chopped-up dance beats, and washes of reverb."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It squirms and shimmers for an all-too-brief 33 minutes, sounding like somebody melted a cassette with a mix of early-90s R&B jams on one side and Person Pitchon the other."
Dusted Magazine,70,"While Causers Of This appears lo-fi on a superficial level with its rough, oversaturated sound quality, it's evident that Bundick has achieved a level of familiarity with his tools which goes way beyond awkward, sophomoric fumbling."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Pronounced experimentalism is one of the more appealing properties of Bundicks record, while those most tolerant of tepid, early 80s tones will find certain segments easier to swallow than the rest of us."
The A.V. Club,70,"Its easy to commend this album on the sole basis that despite coating his tracks with an incomprehensible amount of tripped-out trickery, Toro Y Moi still branches out into less protected songwriting."
AllMusic,70,"As casual pop, Causes of This pleases effortlessly, though the listener doesn't get the sense that that's what Bundwick is all about here."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Bundick occasionally turns the energy up, like in the last 30 seconds of album highlight Low Shoulders, but those moments are too few and far between to make an impact."
Pitchfork,60,"Budget keyboard presets and filtered, treble-heavy production give the likes of 'Lissoms' and :low Shoulder' an endearingly woozy, lo-fi feel. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
PopMatters,60,"Unlike, say, Memory Tapes though, Bundick doesnt burn straight for a memorable hook, the pop elements of Causers of This trickling slowly from a frame thats shaped primarily upon forms usually spied and assimilated by artists operating in more dance-savvy circles."
XLR8r,60,"Trend spotters will likely label this as glitchy hypnagogic pop but Bundick's attention to pop melodies is almost as razor-sharp as his closest contemporary, Neon Indian. [Winter 2010, p.70]"
Filter,60,"The imaginative scope of this debut shows why expectations have been raised, his hazy soundscapes and blurred falsetto recalling Animal Collective's more strung-out moments. [Mar 2010, p.110]"

Urb,82,"Strange Keys is generally relentless and tremendous, burying its themes in kaleidoscopic distortion. It's as if the comparisons that Bower has earned in the last seven years--Merzbow, Wagner, second wave black metal--finally took magnificent hold."
Under The Radar,80,"The sheer sense of sprawl created by the two-disc release, accentuated by the sometimes sudden shifts between songs as one variety of feedback suddenly cuts in to replace another, creates its own involving logic."
cokemachineglow,80,"Strange Keys to Untune Gods Firmament is classic Skullflower, a set of tunes that pays homage to the bands history while still finding new inspiration in feedback, drone and monochord assault. This record puts them back in the game, and at the top of the class."
BBC Music,80,"It may be something of a litmus test for newer listeners due to its uncompromising severity and double-album length (I'd suggest either of the aforementioned full-lengths, which are somewhat more manageable), but longtime advocates will no doubt be pleased."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"For all that pomp and bombast, it does remain difficult to fully engage with a record like this, and Strange Keys is never an effortless listen. Nor is it an entirely effective record."
The New York Times,70,"Thats not to say that development is necessary, but I still found myself wishing for more of a sense of progress. While sometimes it is about the journey, not the destination, two hours of journey is still better off with some pit stops along the way."

AllMusic,90,"To Realize, the superb sophomore full-length from the band, finds them wholly embracing what was once merely hinted at."
Dusted Magazine,83,"To Realize refreshingly errs on the side of taking on too much new territory, and gives post-punk bands, noise ghouls, and psychedelic droners alike something to envy."
PopMatters,80,"To Realize is an album that will certainly reward those willing to give in to the band's grand design."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's always great to see a band showcase all of their strengths but when you can take everyone by surprise it's going to require just that much more skill."
Tiny Mix Tapes,77,"The result is comfortably atonal--a headphones listen that's difficult but ultimately more haunting."
No Ripcord,70,"To Realize is a cool, noir-ish fusion of several disparate styles blended together to create a sonic vision that expresses a great sense of growth in one of the most promising acts the West Coast has to offer."
AllMusic,70,"Crafting spacious soundscapes, taking droney vision quests into '70s psychedelia, and offering pleasantly subdued vocals, the Oakland trio appears to have found solid footing as a band of new-school doom-rock warriors."
Paste Magazine,68,"Despite the album's relentless and, at times, irritating drone and distortion, To Realize is not a static listen--just unforgivably moody."
Drowned In Sound,60,"There is a certain rhythm that begins to form with constantly being pulled along and feeling as though this will be the moment everything crescendos. Prepare yourself To Realize presents a Sisyphus-esque journey that can be exhausting."
PopMatters,50,"The D.I.Y. heroes cleave their influences with the subtlety of butchers. [Holiday, 2009, p.80]"

Uncut,84,"CUD arent the first or best among many, but what you can hear when you listen to Boca Negra--in addition to a really excellent neo-jazz record--is the sounds of a band improvising while actually not really improvising. Theyre unconsciously pulling from something rich and energetic and fundamental to the way we appreciate music."
Sputnikmusic,80,"There was a time when it seemed anything emanating from a Chicago zip code was essential. That time may have passed, but if you're in any way interested in atmospheric, exploratory music that creates worlds as it progresses, seek Boca Negra out."
Urb,80,"Boca Negra is certainly not the easiest entry-route into the post-jazz catacombs of the Chicago Underground, but its steely determination and non-conformity is nevertheless refreshing and worthy of respect."
BBC Music,80,"This isnt just sonic research; its a real album, paced and considered. It feels good."
No Ripcord,80,"Boca Negra is the most sophisticated and improvisationally complex recording CUD has ever recorded, while easily being its most accessible."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Mazurek is a trumpeter and Taylor a drummer, but each contributes via electronics as well. Despite that augmentation, and that the Orchestra has been more an imagined community than an album-releasing entity, Taylor and Mazurek sound lonely."
Under The Radar,80,"Some purists may wonder if this extraordinary music is really jazz, but at its weird and wonderful heart, Boca Negra belongs to the tradition of Sun Ra, Miles Davis Bitches Brew and other fine jazz works from that weird and wonderful tradition."
Uncut,70,"Boca Negra isnt an album thats easy to get acquainted with  this is music designed to induce a fundamental paradigm shift in our expectations of what a band can be and how they should operate, with two accomplished players bringing agitation and affection together at an uneasy meeting point."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The group used to flirt more often with jazz and electronica, but when those elements show up here, such as with the groove on Spy or the digital glitchy noodling on Roots and Shooting Stars, the flirtation falls flat; the thrill is gone. The elements that feel most familiar to the group's past sound are the elements that matter the least."
PopMatters,60,"My high expectations for Boca Negra, misguided as they were, have been consoled, if not met, by the realization that if any act can legitimize avant-jazz beyond its narrow niche (never mind my aforementioned doubts), Chicago Underground Duo have the verve and creativity to enable it."

AllMusic,80,"Rather than showing the humble beginnings of an experimental band, this album highlights the fact that, even from the very beginning, they were the enigmatic and impossibly heavy group that they are today."
Tiny Mix Tapes,71,"While this early work lacks the sheer violent width of the bands more accomplished cousins The Melvins, its experimental energy is hard to miss."
AllMusic,70,"Harvey Milk has been referred to as The Bob Weston Sessions for some time; the remaster given to its ten songs serves to emphasise, rather than undermine, Westons keen ear for the dramatically heavy."
Urb,70,"Warm in tone yet still unbelievably raw, Harvey Milk sounds phenomenal, rendering 'My Love' surprisingly weak by comparison. Granted, we do get a few tracks that do feel like works in progress."
Uncut,60,"Not easy listening, but a reminder that to evolve, we must first emerge from the slime. [Apr 2010, p.91]"

Pitchfork,100,"Perhaps its too early to mark this out as a game changer, but theres something undoubtedly visceral here, an untouchable element that tugs ever so bristly at the connection to the depths of music that not even time might seek to mellow it."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Prefuse 73 lent a huge hand as far as the production on the EP and (not surprisingly) they are on to something with this music stuff."
Dusted Magazine,80,"As tasters go, its exciting fare: the appetite for more isnt so much whetted as left in a state of delightful fervent."
Mojo,70,"They simply combine their voices and come up with something unique in the process, which theyve achieved.  Im interested, though, in how far they take their sound before it reveals any potential lack of versatility."
AllMusic,60,"The strength of Out From Under exposes the weakness of the rest of EP; everything is terribly impressive and texturally nuanced etc, etc, but there is not much of anything to drive the tracks towards a satisfying resolution that would make you want to listen again."
Filter,30,"Origins is frankly very boring. [Winter 2010, p.71]"

Pitchfork,80,"All round, it's a remarkable electronic musicanship. [Apr 2010, p.124]"
Under The Radar,70,"Even accounting for his career of uncharitable experimentation, Martin Revs eighth solo album is something new again. To wit, its a haunting, intricate electro-classical record."
Uncut,70,"So all in all, its nice to see that forty-plus years on, at least one member of Suicide is still making bold, challenging, daring music, and youll probably struggle to find a more groundbreaking album than Stigmata in 2010."
No Ripcord,40,"This might be enjoyed by folks who are really into the Burzum albums Varg Vikernes made from his prison cell, but even Suicide fans will likely find Stigmata hard to get excited about."
AllMusic,30,"The sound of Stigmata is grayed and stale--reaching, perhaps, for 18th-century Baroque, but instead winding up stuck in a rusty soundcard from 1998."

NOW Magazine,90,"Over half of the album's songs are filled with Robinson's bittersweet longing, brilliantly paired with some of Martin's most detailed, creative, and accessible production work."
Pitchfork,90,"The album overall shines with Martins production, with chills provided by filters, reverberation and the sense of shaken souls crying out each track in the album."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Waiting For You echoes something of The Bug's brooding, echo-drenched pressure, but where London Zoo felt dense, the likes of 'Meltdown' have a beautifully spectral, washed-out quality, Robinson's sweet, soulful vocals weaving through the night in search of salvation. [Jan 2010, p. 118]"
Drowned In Sound,76,"Every strength this record holds draws off the symbiotic relationship between Martin's beats and Robinson's voice, which adapt to each other in a way that the last two people in a barren environment might."
Under The Radar,70,"Waiting For You is hardly the kind of record that grabs and demands your undivided attention. Instead it offers gems buried deep amongst its cityscapes gently fluorescing streetlamps and slow-moving traffic, crafting a distinctive, defiantly twenty-first century urban soul music that, given due care and attention, leaves an afterglow simmering long after the CD spins to a halt."
PopMatters,70,"Limitations can be freeing, but King Midas seems to tip-toe around a great deal of Martins artistic inspiration. The album successfully shows off an under-heralded side of his work, but its a shame that the sonic violence was deliberately repressed, rather than skillfully incorporated."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Attention wanders as the album slips into a lazy mid-pace skunk groove and Robinson falls back on 'one love' lyrics, but when the duo are joined, on three tracks, by the spider-baby vocals of Kiki Hitomi the effect is unnerving, like modern urban folk tales whispered by a disembodied duo of night bus wraiths. [Jan 2010, p. 96]"

Uncut,80,"This is a unique if occasionally discomfiting album that finds great beauty in surprising places."
Dusted Magazine,76,"The new album is much more subdued yet at the same time, more adventurous in what it accomplishes. [Holiday 2009, p.100]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Chimeric sounds like the product of less tense and more spacious recording sessions. The band considers the record raw, broken, and unpolished, but they have nothing to be apologetic about. By loosening up they sound invigorated."
musicOMH.com,70,"Conveying a much rawer sound than on previous releases, Chimeric's cold and accentuated tones are juxtaposed with a warm and live production style. [Holiday 2009, p.80]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Radian, the Vienna based trio of martin Brandlmayr (drums), Stefan Nemeth (guitars, synthesizers)and John Norman (bass), are a cerebral, digital post-rock outfit whose wibbliness too often leads them into a state of rhythmic paralysis. [Jan 2010, p. 123]"
Pitchfork,40,"Although these compositions show a ton of improvisation, Radian pigeonhole themselves to a one-note range that imprisons Chimeric with a threatening, claustrophobic mood."

AllMusic,80,"Love Comes Close is a strong debut not just because Cold Cave embraces their darkness so fully, but because they find so many shades within it."
NOW Magazine,80,"Packed with lo-fi-meets-nu-rave parsings of UK post-punk discontent, the albums distorted melodies are immediately catchy yet convey brooding emotional depth."
PopMatters,76,"By enlisting noise goblin Ian Dominick Fernow (Prurient) and Xiu Xiu-graduate Caralee McElroy to pitch in, their full-length debut, Love Comes Close, manages to stand out as a successful collaborative effort with a clear sense of purpose."
The A.V. Club,75,"Look, if youre seeking out the latest flavor of the month or are looking to see where this chillwave shit is going, Love Comes Close is probably not high on your list. But spin this thing once and its hard not to become engulfed in the aesthetic gloominess and seedy milieus Cold Cave are delivering here."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"You cant say its a great album for 2009 when it would have been a merely good one in 1981. But it is good, fitfully very good, and when considered alongside Cremations, this two year old band have build up an undeniably impressive body of work."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"It's a compelling push/pull struggle of cerebral analysis verses arm's length emotion, largely devoid of histronics, yet masterfully articulated by Eisold with sheer poetic clariety that differentiates the act from a litany of '80s electro revivalists. [Fall 2009, p.57]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Love Comes Close shows some potential for artist growth with a little more seasoned songwriting."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Eisold's delivery, as cliche as it might seem, is often hypnotically compelling, and the lyrics are slightly redeemed by the synthesizers."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Reissued by Matador mere months after its boutique debut, Love Comes Close is shaping up to be the indie-noise synth-pop crossover hit of the year. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
No Ripcord,40,"Cold Cave are neither here nor there. The pop hooks arent catchy enough, the coldness too rote, the flirtation with eroticism simply an abbreviated spin on Depeche Modes Master and Servant."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Craftiness, when its this imaginative, can go a long way and for Jookabox, these bizarre ideas seem to work even when they shouldnt."
Uncut,80,"Adamson mixes genres and sounds, blending and pitch-shifting, looping and deconstructing to create his most focused (though it may not sound that way on first listen) effort to date."
XLR8r,70,"I'm all for musicians not taking themselves too seriously, but with such audacious, irreverent, and yet captivating material populating the bulk of the album, it is a supreme letdown to finish on such strangely muddled notes. Still, Dead Zone Boys is worth some serious attention."
Pitchfork,64,"The first half of Boys has all of the action, and the second side can't help but drag a bit."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Albums like this pretty much ask you right away to either turn it up or throw it out, and there's no denying the polarizing nature of D.I.Y. indie rock, but Jookabox is consistently visceral, darkly funny, and wholly unpredictable enough to warrant more than a cursory spin around the neighborhood."
PopMatters,60,"The Ween/Animal Collective/early-Beck thing works on Dont Go Phantom and You Cried Me, but you have to stomach Jookaboxs tendency to chipmunkify their voices. Still, both tracks are enjoyably balanced."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The record provides songs as unpredictable as the one proceeding it, incorporating multi-layered doses of percussion, fat synths, and ritualistic chanting that sounds as if it was yelped by Animal Collectives evil step-sister."

Slant Magazine,100,"Lightning Bolt exists in a wholly different context than it did four years ago, but Earthly Delights ranks up there with the groups best work."
Spin,88,"At its core, Earthly Delights is the sound of a band digging in so deep, theyve struck something molten."
Mojo,80,"It is also a sound that on this, their fifth album, seems as resistant to change as the forces of nature and while seemingly limited in palette, is as expansive as it is inventive."
The A.V. Club,80,"Like Boschs triptych, the album is vivid and dense, clear as a bell but hellacious, and undeniably worth your inscrutable attention."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Itd be rather too easy to sketch this as a record suitable only for chewing off your own tongue to: in fact, just like the Hieronymus Bosch triptych it appears to name-check, Earthly Delights is actually a work far richer in tone, shade and technique than its lurid sheen might suggest."
musicOMH.com,80,"Out of the lo-fi punk/hardcore/black metal bedrock clatter of sound they create, lysergic and buzzing riffs clarify gloriously before melting back into chaos."
Pitchfork,80,"Earthly Delights shows that they have yet to exhaust their uncanny vision."
Urb,80,"Music like this is a reward just waiting to happen and if you give it a fair shot, it will surely win you over."
Lost At Sea,80,"Brian Gibson and Brian Chippendale somehow manage to make a bass guitar and half a drum kit sound like a particularly loud avalanche, and then sneak in some tunes along the way. [Dec 2009, p. 103]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Earthly Delights for some, surely, and otherworldly torments for others."
New Musical Express (NME),76,"Earthly Delights shows their career is less a series of sprints than one exhilarating marathon."
The Guardian,70,"It is awfully difficult to bring audiences out of themselves without stacks of speakers, massed bodies and the possibility of timing things just right, all of which only the right context can provide."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Earthly Delights builds on the bands last two successes, more concise than 2005s 'Hypermagic Mountain' and more stylistically diverse than 2003s 'Wonderful Rainbow.'"
Slant Magazine,70,"The group has expanded its vocabulary and in general made its sound more broad and enjoyable."
Dot Music,60,"The highlights demonstrate that these guys have yet to exhaust their uncanny vision, but by and large this is Lightning Bolt doing a Lightning Bolt album."
AllMusic,60,"Their unholy fuzz feels less triumphant, and the Helmet impression in opener 'Sound Guardians' is some kind of weird. Still, Lightning Bolt's basement has never sounded bigger."
Mojo,60,"Their fifth album still features plenty of trademark thrills -  Brian Chippendale drumming junglist breakbeats at heart-attack velocity, bassist Brian Gibbon's' riffs sounding like a grindcore group playing gabba - while the bark-spitting tempo-shifts of opener Sound Guardians wouldn't alienate the Metallica set. [Jan 2010, p. 96]"

Q Magazine,91,"For most of the songs amassed here, it still takes around 10 minutes to get the job done--threading those thick synthesizer blasts and all that skittering digital manna through a brick wall of guitar fuzz--but Fuck Buttons succeeds at turning its unpredictable epics into masterpieces of pacing and strange beauty."
Uncut,90,"Tarot Sport doesnt pause to bang or whimper. Tarot Sport accelerates."
Filter,90,"And such are the music's joyous highs, subtle thrills and rich and deep layers, they can undoubtedly be judged one of the most worthwhile and special bands currently at large."
PopMatters,90,"'Street Horrrsing' was a great record, but Tarot Sport is a cut above. Perhaps surprisingly, it's also a welcoming album--and one of the best of this already fruitful year."
Under The Radar,90,"Tarot Sport goes far beyond it's sonically daunting reaches and succeeds at being a deeply emotional experience."
No Ripcord,86,"While the celestial exploration is briefly juxtaposed with sci-fi experimentation on the Autechre-like 'Rough Steez' and 'Phantom Limb,' those detours only here to provide respite from and not actually disrupt an ultimately delightful, delirious headtrip designed to push your fuckest of buttons."
Dusted Magazine,84,"The album as a whole, though uneasy listening, is big, powerful, and often overwhelming."
Alternative Press,80,"Whereas Mogwais more recent work threatens to make a formula familiar, Fuck Buttons fizzling DIY laboratory still has the invention and ingenuity to surprise."
PopMatters,80,"Fuck Buttons have less in common with the overly cerebral noise boffins they're compared to and more with the likes of Ennio Morricone: sonic explorers mapping out the landscape's emotional terrain, albeit one that exists in some far-off galaxy."
AllMusic,80,"For about an hour, if you can allow Fuck Buttons to control your responses, to embrace the clusterfuck of noise and emotion, then Tarot Sport might be one of the strongest albums of this year."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Tarot Sport makes its mark: easy and challenging at the same time, a mix of harsh and smooth sounds that mirrors the prickly juxtaposition of classic jazz."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As much U2, New Order and Jan Hammer as they are The Field, Harmonia and Black Dice, ultimately F*ck Buttons are in a league of their own--and with Tarot Sport, they just bettered themselves."
Dusted Magazine,80,"A more hypnotic and lulling ride overall, Tarot Sport may lack some of 'Street Horrrsing's' pure visceral impact, but it's just as satisfying on its own terms, as well as an impressive step forward for Fuck Buttons."
Pitchfork,80,"If 'Street Horrsing' was a bit of a lark, then Tarot Sport plays an altogether more serious game. [Nov 2009, p.92]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"With Tarot Sport, Fuck Buttons have made a career-defining album that will resonate with anyone who has ever spent a night with their head in the speaker stacks and gone home marvelling at the ringing in their ears. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Under The Radar,80,"Andrew Weatherall has been employed to help build Tarot Sport a beaty backbone and the results are brutally mesmerizing. [Nov 2009, p. 88]"
Paste Magazine,78,"Tarot Sport's tunes don't really explode so much as they unfurl into synthetic washes of digital soundtracking that undulate with electricity before elvolving into narcotic beat castles. [Holiday 2009, p.99]"
AllMusic,70,"There are, however, occasional stumbles that suggest that some lessons cannot be learned quickly, and that melody is an essential component of their sound that needs more attention. For now, though, this is much better."
Mojo,60,"Tarot Sport is an act of patience that pays back the time you actively spend with it. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The album definitely has its moments, and the first half is very engaging, but they lose it in the long run."
Pitchfork,60,"The main problem with Tarot Sport is that it sometimes seems to be trying too hard, building drama into repetitive riffs by sheer force, urging greater and greater effort on listeners who are already a bit out of breath."

PopMatters,90,"While it may seem as if Geneva is all over the musical map, the opposite is acually true--the map's just been redrawn. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Uncut,90,"Russian Circles, with their instruments well-used and dynamic, leaders in their own right, guide the listener through the varying courses of each song with nary a misstep."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"If you weren't already on the Russian Circles bandwagon, this is the perfect opportunity to jump on."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Like many of the tracks contained therein, Geneva ends up far from where it began. But this is not a record defined by where it starts and where it finishes--its what there is to take in on the way that counts."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Geneva blossoms into an evocative, inspiring album."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"By letting their music do all the talking, Russian Circles have told the story of their personal growth entirely in song, and its a growth that involves all the melodic intricacy and inventive theme-and-variation play that their contemporaries have had much greater difficulty overcoming."
The A.V. Club,78,"Geneva's a record with dirt underneath its fingernails and resolute urgency at its heart, and like the place from which it hails, it's worth the bluster."
Pitchfork,50,"Chicago instrumentalists Russian Circles arrive at neutral ground with Geneva."
Alternative Press,50,"Russian Circles returns with this album of sprawling instrumental songs that vacillate between churning heavy riffage and redemptive passages. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Austin Chronicle,48,"Ultimately, Russian Circles pummel too politely."

Paste Magazine,80,"Impressively impressionistic, New Clouds is a rare mix of restful and engaging, and a significant step forward for Forkner."
cokemachineglow,80,"New Clouds is poised between towering psych-noise and ambient beauty, intermittently etched with quicksilver. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Filter,70,"New Clouds is as good a record as any to soundtrack disconnection from deep thought."
Billboard.com,70,"If you're able to view it through that lens, then New Clouds has much to offer as an unscripted, decidedly un-pop kind of album: mood music and drug music, yes, but more than that, the uncompromising work of a dude making sounds strictly on his own terms."
AllMusic,70,"Its a synthesis of all of Forkners previous experiments, refined and expanded for the big screen."
Boston Globe,60,"New Clouds is at once both denser and groovier. [Nov 2009, p.113]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"This robot-induced hypnosis leads less to genuine enlightenment than it does to pointless New Age dehydration."

Dot Music,100,"Ten years after their last masterpiece, The Flaming Lips have finally produced another one."
No Ripcord,100,"This is accessible music pushed to the very edge of accessibility, far away from the safety of the band's song-oriented efforts 'At War with the Mystics' and 'Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.'"
musicOMH.com,91,"Although I gather there's a concept here, knowing what it is might ruin the gently wigged-out dystopianism the lyrics cozy up to. More important, it might undercut the otherwise irreducible pleasures of their exploding guitars, unworldly synths, and crazy drums."
Mojo,91,"Embryonic presents a band discovering that the far edge of an idea is often more compelling than its core."
NOW Magazine,90,"We can only hope that, as we enter the 2010s, Embryonic portends yet another new phase for the Flaming Lips--one that's equally as improbable and rewarding as the ones that have preceded it."
Uncut,90,"Embryonic is an album full of little revolutions--a trippier, noisier, more experimental journey than the Flaming Lips have taken in forever. [Dec 2009, p.116]"
Entertainment Weekly,89,"Embryonic gestates the Lips to a new phase, turning eerily inward to finally face the flipside of their frantic catharsis."
Prefix Magazine,88,"It's a wonderfully weird parade of sonic delights: an arresting consummation of the Lips' two-and-a-half decade career."
PopMatters,88,"Embryonic works so staggeringly well because it's so unafraid to place itself in the lineage of unapologetically over-the-top rock album."
Spin,86,"Surprise and relief are the words that best describe an initial reaction to Embryonic. [Fall 2009, p.90]"
Under The Radar,82,"The act should be credited for not hewing to the tried-and-true formula it pretty much invented with previous releases but many of the double-disc's 18 tracks feel like they are embryonic rather than fully formed."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Little about Embryonic is clear-cut or straightforward -- these noisy, pensive, sometimes meandering songs take awhile to decipher and often feel like they're still in the process of becoming. These very qualities, however, make these songs some of the Flaming Lips most haunting and intriguing music in some time."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Embryonic is not as strange as 'Zaireeka,'' the Lips' play-four-CDs-at-the-same-time experiment, but it's up there. On the other hand, Embryonic is completely absorbing. It grows on you in a way that the earlier records simply cannot do."
Los Angeles Times,80,"What The Flaming Lips have accomplished with Embryonic is impossible to ignore: an ambitious double album in an age where the single is making a comeback, a collection of music that makes a 25-year-old band sound vital and new."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It's quite brilliant, the one thing we have come to expect from this band."
The Guardian,80,"Embryonic is a true 21st century freak-out and it's only appropriate to end this decade with such an ambitious, intrepid undertaking."
Rolling Stone,80,"To write it off too early would be criminal, as Embryonic represents The Flaming Lips at their most awkward, most engaging, and most creative."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's themes may be familiar, but its fine, dazzlingly outlandish music is fresh and utterly fearless. [Nov 2009, p.88]"
Q Magazine,80,"Along with this requisite silliness come beautiful melodies (See The Leaves), exploding rock-out sections (The Ego's Last Stand) and catchy, laid-back guitar melodies (Silver Trembling Hands)."
Lost At Sea,80,"Embryonic is certainly as exciting as anything produced by the psych rock underground this year. [Nov 2009, p.78]"
Paste Magazine,75,"Equal parts overwhelming and intoxicating, Embryonic is a trip worth taking."
cokemachineglow,75,"A certain amount of reassurance in the power of The Flaming Lips comes with each of the band's album releases, and this one is no different."
Pitchfork,70,"Sporadically brilliant, occasionally tedious, and always challenging, it's proof that the Fearless Freaks are back."
AllMusic,70,"Embryonic finds these wild-eyed Okies sounding even more adventurous and less eager to please than at any time since 1997's four-CD experimental sonic goof, 'Zaireeka.'"
Dusted Magazine,70,"At 18 tracks and well over an hour running time, it is everything you have come to expect from The Flaming Lips. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"What it really all boils down to is your tolerance for lengthy psyche records, which is what Embyonic undoubtedly is."
Under The Radar,70,"While Embryonic shares with Brew many of the spontaneous bursts of chaos that made that album such a jarring listen, you can rest assured that this beautiful mess was--thanks to Coyne and his admitted control issues--a very calculated affair."
Uncut,63,"At 18 tracks, though, Embryonic includes an awful lot of filler, much of it of the meandering-soundscape variety. That stuff isn't depressing--it's just boring."
Filter,60,"Embryonic is certainly not without charm, but its title gives the game away. Largely, it's the sound of a band seeking inspiration rather than finding it."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For all its flaws and failings, for all that you may never feel like listening to it again, it's hard not to be perversely glad Embryonic exists."
No Ripcord,60,"The Lips have always been able to subvert pie-eyed whimsy with a sense of homespun beauty, and there's plenty of that here too."
Q Magazine,50,"Embryonic, then, sounds like an over-correction to that trend, pushing the Lips's sound back into more experimental territory."
Mojo,40,"Embryonic has a cloudy feel, full of hulking, malformed basslines, distorted drums, and melodies that circle without ever ascending. [Nov 2009, p.102]"

Dusted Magazine,91,"As with songs like 'The Orchids' and 'Spider's House,' the continued confidence in slow, sleepy numbers, hinting more towards the ambient side of experimental folk, like the devastating 'Krill' or the aforementioned 'Evidence' suggests that as Rutili ages, his music will only grow in accessibility, relying less and less on the clatter of his youth. Songs like 'Gauze' used to be austere nuggets buried in the noise, but these days, the noisy abstractions are, for the most part, the odd-man out."
Uncut,85,"Each song shows new facets of their sound."
Spin,82,"They are doing the same thing they always do, which entails gorgeous and gracefully surprising variations on a deeply resonant motif."
Tiny Mix Tapes,81,"So yes, All My Friends Are Funeral Singers is just another Califone album, but it's also a reminder of just what a special thing that is."
PopMatters,80,"It's filled with engagingly warm-sounding tunes mating melodic accessibility with a winning lyrical evanescence powered by the same kind of poetic dream logic that's cropped up in Califone's concepts before."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It is another well-made and executed Califone album, and it stays completely true to their concept. Consistency is underrated."
Pitchfork,80,"Having developed their sound over six albums and finally tossed the carcass of previous band Red Red Meat, these super-sized ideas are Califones primest, most satisfying to date."
Under The Radar,80,"It is brilliant, conjuring stark, cinematic imagery via Rutli's off-kilter antiquated lyrical motifs, and a vintage instrumental aesthetic that's paradoxically forward-looking. [Falll 2009, p.57]"
Uncut,80,"Their seventh album is the soundtrack to a full-length film made by singer Tim Rutili but comfortably works on its own, sounding genuinely unlike anyone else - every song contains a surprise, however minor. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
The A.V. Club,78,"Califone's first EP in 1998 may have been ahead of its time, and now, 11 years later, just might be the time when the band has truly grown into its own. [Fall 2009, p.94]"
AllMusic,70,"If All My Friends Are Funeral Singers has said one thing at all to me, its that Califone merit further investigation, especially for someone who tends to write off folk music. And if that doesnt make it a success, then I dont know what does."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Like Califone as a band, Singers is never boring but rarely excellent. Its just entirely decent."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It is still a loose affair, but it allows the quartet to explore the far reaches of their songs rather than just wander folk's outer soloar system. [Nov 2009, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,60,"It is a slow-growing treasure that reveals a little more of itself with each listen. [Nov 2009, p.94]"

Spin,80,"While everything is kept at a smoulder--the words unclear, the tempos slow--this new Om album is anything but boring."
Q Magazine,80,"The religious theme intimated by the title ensures that there is more going on with each track than mere mindless dirge. [Nov 2009, p.99]"
Mojo,70,"No matter the new producer (Steve Albini), new label, or new percussionist (Emil Amos replacing Chris Hakius), Om's droning bass/drum take on heavy metal still resounds."
Pitchfork,70,"God is Good shows a clear effort to steer their boat past the Nile, past Yemen, and into new territory."
Urb,70,"If more church music sounded like what Cisneros, Amos, and Albini achieve on God Is Good, then maybe those pews would be a little fuller, too."
No Ripcord,60,"God is Good is a more confused creation, more like two EPs than a concerted record."
Pitchfork,60,"In general, the album is sequenced awkwardly. The first two tracks have vocals and are around 19 and seven minutes long, respectively."
Paste Magazine,50,"While Om is seeking some sort of transcendence through music, God is Good takes far too long to get started, rendering the second half too little too late."

Dusted Magazine,100,"This is an excellent album that manages to be both a mature summary of an artists career and something completely fresh and new."
PopMatters,83,"The good news: Ono, as usual, doesnt need our approval--not just because shes rich and famous and fuck you, but because her music stands on its own."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is a deeply focused, wonderfully colorful, and deeply expressive work that showcases a collaboration between mother and son and displays depth, strength, creativity in spades, and intense beauty."
Dot Music,80,"With this revised version of the band, that role has evolved. There are more reflective pieces characterized by subdued piano accompaniment, and occasional touches that make the rock music distinctive."
Filter,80,"Still challenging preconceptions (with son Sean and Cornelius joining the band), and tender with it, too. Easily the best LP to be released by a 76-year-old this month."
Sputnikmusic,80,"At 76, her music remains truly vital: unsettling, touching, funny, undeniable."
cokemachineglow,80,"Lightest Ono album ever? Probably. Heaviest avant-pop from a 76-year-old mainstream pariah/underground innovator? Hell, yeah!"
The A.V. Club,80,"Lennon would be proud. [Oct 2009, p.114]"
AllMusic,80,"Between My Head And The Sky is an intriuing record, crackling with an excitement that most new artists would struggle to generate. [Oct 2009, p.97]"
Spin,73,"Between My Head and the Sky becomes a bit of a muddle in the middle, with Plastic Ono Band's free-form approach yielding less satisfying results. [...But it] simmers down considerably in its closing third, shifting away from boisterous band jams toward meditative tone poems and piano pieces."
Q Magazine,60,"Love her or hate her, Between My Head And The Sky isn't terrible. Yoko Ono is still in the game, and if it's possible to find a deeper meaning to lyrics like 'Why is [the elephant] so big/ He says because you're small honey,' then more power to her."

Uncut,90,"When it closes with the eerie, smoky gospel influenced Youlagy, you know its fantastic and you know youve found the most breathtakingly beautiful album this year."
Mojo,83,"Despite the looseness and the grab-bag approach, the best of the songs on Unmap feel right as rain, like these weird mash-ups were there all along, just waiting to be discovered."
Prefix Magazine,82,"The record is too weird to turn heads in quite the same meteoric fashion that Emma did but is a nice addition to Vernons canon and an indicator of just how high he can let his freak flag wave and still sound just like himself."
musicOMH.com,80,"'Seeplymouth' is a complex and beautiful song, and one that displays the talents of all the collaborators in Volcano Choir. A lot of people were enamored of 'For Emma, Forever Ago' last year; theyll be well rewarded if Justin Vernons involvement leads them to Unmap."
Under The Radar,80,"Perhaps itll never earn For Emmas unrivaled reputation as being music to hang your hearts and dreams upon, but its a dynamic batch of aural wilderness to get lost in. So wander on."
Alternative Press,80,"The music of Unmap ticks with signature twists and sounds, things that suggest Justin Vernon could be a national treasure on the lines of Neil Young or Elliott Smith instead of the heartbroken one hit wonder that some might have expected."
Spin,80,"That it is a beautifully realised set of textures and sounds certainly helps, as does the fact that its keenly abstract, exploratory bent makes any attempted comparisons with his debut album practically meaningless."
AllMusic,78,"Layered, atmospheric and melodic, each song takes its time and builds effortlessly into the next, creating an ethereal experience that intensifies with each listen. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Despite being a solid, sometimes gorgeous album of songs from a very well-matched collaboration of artists, Unmaps ultimate effect will be whetting appetites everywhere for the next Bon Iver record."
Filter,70,"Here were given a respite from Bon Ivers heavy crises while still loving on Bon Iver; here, Volcano Choir is inevitably weightless--a pretty happy band with a pretty happy album."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Unmap seems to have been constructed more for the head than the soul, making it easier to admire for its boldly uncommercial audacity than love for its actual music."
Q Magazine,60,"Despite the occasional flaws, the album shows that Vernon (along with the guys in Collections of Colonies of Bees) has not only the desire to branch out but also the necessary skills."
Mojo,60,"Both thrilling and baffling, the nine tracks prove that Vernon's appeal lies in his otherworldly sound, not in his broken heart."
Uncut,60,"If the results are sometimes insubstantial, they can also be richly atmospheric. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
PopMatters,60,"It is uneasy listening. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Under The Radar,60,"Unmap transcends such mood geometrics thanks to Vernon's mostly wordless incantations. [Oct 2009, p.99]"
Dusted Magazine,55,"Unmap is the definition of a vanity project, except theres not much vanity in doing an electronic record that is inferior to the original music either group has made on their own."
Sputnikmusic,50,"It desperately needs some kind of visual accompaniment to, at least, add a cinematic legitimacy to the sound's sporadic mood swings. Worthwhile? Probably. But the world waits for the proper return of Bon Iver."
The New York Times,40,"Volcano Choir is asking various musical questions here, and the overall answer is yes, there does come a point where things fall apart. [Fall 2009, p.68]"

Pitchfork,80,"Rain Machine is an introspective album that rings more of Malone's earlier influences than of boundary pushing inventiveness--but that's not a bad thing."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Rain Machine doesnt have TVOTRs Berlin Wall of Sound might, but its still an accomplished work."
Alternative Press,70,"Rain Machine gives Malone an appealingly mellow yet resolutely independent identity for his solo music; even if it may not be for fans of his other projects' more accessible material, it's nice to hear a full album of what he can do on his own."
AllMusic,70,"There are moments when the album loses its focus and blurs into extended jamming that doesnt go anywhere particularly exciting, although Malone mostly manages to keep those tendencies in check."
Drowned In Sound,70,"There's an ardent emotionlism here that would make Otis Redding seem calm in comparison. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Half of its as good as anything TVOTR have ever done."
cokemachineglow,60,"Rather like Red Hot Chili Pepper John Frusciante's solo work,  Malone pootles around the margins of commerciality, nodding to the avant mischief of Buthole Surfers and engaging folksy clatter of Devandra Banhart, while on Driftwood Heart the vocals are almost oepratic. [Dec 2009, p. 120]"
Q Magazine,60,"But those with the gumption to take this record on will certainly come out of it knowing they've listened to something, and you can't fault Malone for putting himself out there. [Dec 2009, p. 94]"
Uncut,60,"The only thing lacking is a sense of rhythmic discipline, without which these overlong - and occasionally overwrought  - songs can tend towards the self-indulgent. [Jan 2010, p. 123]"
Mojo,50,"Rain Machine feels like a greater disappointment when you realize that Malone has had at least a decade to produce enough quality songs to fill an album."
Under The Radar,40,"It's an uneven album, often too earnest to be clever, which will leave listeners missing the strength and humor of his other work. [Fall 2009, p.65]"

Spin,80,"The combination of synth, loop techniques and no-joke instrumentalists playing wild and unconventional rhythms is totally over-the-top, but thats exactly what makes this album so dazzling."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Instead of rhythmic exploration Braxton is working with a variety of harmonic and melodic developments and in doing so has made a refreshing and similar counterpoint to 'Mirrored'. Central Market may not be as calculated, but it is more fun and in general more easy to digest."
NOW Magazine,80,"On Central Market, Mr. Braxtons first full album under his own name in seven years, he has moved forward with exponentially more complicated music. Its exponentially more entertaining, too."
Rolling Stone,80,"Central Market is a big album for an age that has acquainted itself with thinking small about the album both as a vessel for sound and as a standard-bearer for new aesthetic vision."
Filter,80,"More Stravinsky than the Saturdays, this is still way more fun than the latter."
AllMusic,80,"Central Market could prove to some that contemporary classical music can be more epic than post-rock, more dangerous than metal, and have more to say than the most verbose MC-even if most of his songs don't have any words."
PopMatters,80,"While the pieces that put the orchestra at the fore are the most dazzling, Central Market is a tour de force that only grows more fascinating with repeated listens."
Q Magazine,70,"It's Central Market, his second full solo release, that sees him coming of age in a manner that befits the familial myth."
Mojo,70,"The strongest tracks here make a case for Braxtons compositional skills; the rest feel like recycled tales from his nights out with Stanier and Williams, an unfortunate byproduct of placing them within this context."
Uncut,66,"Which isnt to say that the rest of the album isnt impressive at certain points, though the law of diminishing returns weighs heavily here."
AllMusic,60,"The resulting clash of classicial forms and electronics is a startling mix of chance and design. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"As a stand-alone album it's ultimately more laudable than loveable. [Oct 2009, p.92]"
The Guardian,60,"Braxton ventures far from the strictures of traditional rock. Indeed, he's cleared passport control and stepped into the realms of modern classical music. [Oct 2009, p.103]"
Mojo,60,"Alas, most of Market's tracks work more as sound experiements than actual songs. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Pitchfork,40,"His third solo album is promoted as 'new classical,' but 'J. City' sounds more like a grievous stab at alt-rock."

musicOMH.com,80,"The Incident is an incident in music that must be acknowledged."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Stellar 12-minute opus 'Time Flies' teems with Pink Floydesque arrangements and moving lyrics, while 'Octane Twisted' offers up massive guitar riffage that you can bang your head to."
Slant Magazine,80,"The title suite on this two-CD set is the Tree's finest hour: a mounting drama of memoir and real-news trauma, animated with slicing guitars, ghost-song electronics, mile-high harmonies and smart pop bait."
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"It's a bit like Lance Armstrong placing second in the Tour de France--not the finish one is accustomed to, but still a remarkable achievement. [Fall 2009, p.98]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"That said, unlike early proggers who favored meandering instrumental doodling over succinct songwriting, Porcupine Tree always favor the importance of memorable songs over flashy solos, which certainly makes the group one of the top modern-day prog rock bands."
The A.V. Club,70,"He is a very, very good songwriter, which keeps Porcupine Tree afloat even when they arent really pushing the envelope."
Pitchfork,60,"It's sprawling beast, but for all its occasional spots of indulgence it's a towering achievement. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
PopMatters,60,"With these less-then-cutting-edge elements Wilson manages to conjure that's diverse and full of drama. [Oct 2009, p.97]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Here, his luxurious voice, weathered and warm, sits atop intuitive improvations from the likes of Christian Fennesz and Evan Parker. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Manafon is a quiet yet forceful stunner, a recording that, if heard, is literally unforgettable."
Prefix Magazine,80,"However central Sylvians bleak commentary, the weight and suggestiveness of this record gives it a sense of unpredictability, possibility, almost an openness beyond itself. Its absolutely superb."
Filter,80,"Sylvian's subjects are life's loners and losers, and he regards them with a wry detachment and acute sympathy that is echoed by his collaborators. The effect in the album's 11-minute centrepiece, The Greatest Living Englishman, is devastating."
AllMusic,80,"Initially baffling, Manafon richly replays further decktime. [Oct 2009, p.96]"
Dusted Magazine,74,"Sylvian is front-and-center on every song, which is good because he provides the only rhythmic and melodic stability, as the instrumentals dart and scratch and feedback around him."
Spin,60,"Fans of David Sylvian will doubtless appreciate the elegant compositions and Sylvian's self-indulgent but soulful insights, but there is little to entertain the casual listener who may be better off back cataloguing Tom Waits and Nick Drake and realizing that they are not the same thing."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Think Scott Walker punching a side of beef, and know that here's another who's wandered off the path of teen pop success to find a world that's far more interesting (if far from easy listening)."
Boston Globe,50,"Its spaces of hollow inaction are far too big, and the concessions it expects of its audience far too large for so little payoff."
Under The Radar,40,"While no one could accuse Sylvian of playing it safe, the exercises that make up Manafon are neither experimental nor aesthetically pleasing enough for me to recommend this album."

AllMusic,88,"More than just a slack reunion, the album marks another turning point in a band who may yet wind up describing a circle."
Uncut,83,"Sporting geometrically interlocked riffs and solos that feel simultaneously epic and oblique, the disc harnesses post-punk cool as well as classic-rock heroism."
Delusions of Adequacy,81,"In Prism ultimately sets a new standard for them: don't just make it sound like you never left, but rather make the past seem like a mere warm-up for what's to come."
Pitchfork,80,"The whole disc sounds familiar, like a logical next step for the band, albeit a decade-plus later. But it also feels fresh in every moment."
Dusted Magazine,80,"In Prisms genius is to service the newbies and true believers in equal measure."
PopMatters,80,"Polvo have returned stronger and more single-minded. Regardless of whether you were around the first time, you should get in on this right now."
No Ripcord,75,"Its the sound of Polvo insistently reminding listeners that they brought hot fire in 1993, and they can still bring it as good as ever in 2009."
Prefix Magazine,74,"Polvo hasn't failed to enrapture like the old school on this comeback release. [Fall 2009, p.95]"
Pitchfork,70,"Even if it's not their best ever, it's a valid comeback that should appease longing fans."
musicOMH.com,70,"So while In Prism at least sounds like a Polvo record, its not until the second half, starting with the eight-minute opus Lucia, where it actually begins to feel like a Polvo record."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"This reunion packs no shortage of vintage wank--knotty, largely instrumental songs that surge together and drift apart with a proggy, loose-limbed precision."
The Guardian,70,"The important thing to note when it comes to In Prism is that as hiatus records go this is one of the best in the last couple years."
Drowned In Sound,70,"A couple of the meandering instrumentals fade into the woodwork, but in general In Prism proves a formidable (if long-overdue) return to the studio."
Mojo,60,"It's a sprawling, psychedelic masterwork, rife with knotty tangles of discordance and serpentine riffs."

Q Magazine,80,"Deeply atmospheric even for a Kranky release, As Good as Gone's subtlety is its strength, and shows how Foote, Dickow, Owens, and company bring out the best in each other."
PopMatters,80,"Something dignified and yearning arises from the mass of programmed details. [Sep 2009, p.88]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Though not sure what to make of it, it is viscerally enjoyable and mentally wondrous nonetheless."
Dusted Magazine,77,"As Good as Gone is Nudge's best album so far, the kind of record that indicates a band has found its signature sound, and is poised to deepen and expand it."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The music on the album is rarely as urgent as the image that adorns it, and never as explosive as the heavy artillery that is found on its back, but the disc has a more subtle appeal than both."
Under The Radar,70,"Granted, those not in the mood for Nudges spaced-out symphonic sounds probably wouldnt hold a dead rat near this record, but thats neither here nor anywhere. If youve got a patient ear to lend, clear some time and space in your top floor and fall under the spell."

Uncut,90,"To put it simply, its a near perfect conclusion to one of the finest records Ive heard this year."
Drowned In Sound,85,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums make experimental music that really carves out its own sonic space, that intrigues and engages without ever really attempting to 'challenge,' because that's not what it cares about."
Dusted Magazine,83,"Their equipment may be largely restricted to percussion, vocals, and the occasional embellishment of keyboard, but their ability to fully eclipse these limitations and create music with a strong improvisational pulse and so much vitality is a no small feat, and proves that they are continuing to experiment in magnificent, dynamic ways."
No Ripcord,80,"It's a challenging but ultimately very rewarding listening experience."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With this second album cementing the union between Mariam Wallentin's impassioned gut-bucket vocals and Andreas Werliin's busy percussion, they are on their way to becoming the White Stripes in reverse."
Mojo,80,"In full flight, the effect is sensual, pulverising and mesmeric."
Filter,80,"The Snake for the first time is a journey riddled with surprise--that almost nothing can be nailed down or predicted even after the seven-minutes-thirty of closer of 'My Heart' is pure 'lucky dip' stuff. Each time you dip in, you seem to come out with an even bigger handful of sweetness."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The duo's songs may employ no chords and few notes to sing against, but they are brillantly structured via Andreas Werliin's melodic drum patterns, with Mariam Wallentin's flamboyant, unfettered voice a huge presence. [May 2009, p109]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Somehow nothing appears to be missing from the tantalisingly brief beats and blues of 'There Is No Light,' while 'Chain Of Steel's' tick-tocking marimba adds spooky variation. [May 2009, p.119]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums has honed their distinctive mixture of primal emotionalism and imaginative arrangements with a magnetic dynamism that makes for one of the most captivating albums this year."
PopMatters,77,"At times The Snake sounds like a drum solo with vocals, but they make their limited line-up sound endlessly malleable, which is no small feat."
Pitchfork,70,"The Snake displays many of its predecessors strengths--good songs, that emotion-laden voice, the amorphous blend of pop and jazz--without trying to be an action replay"
Spin,70,"Music theory waffle/spiritual musings aside, this sees the pair expand their austere template with new instruments and ideas to great effect."
Uncut,70,"Wildbirds & Peacedrums are strongest when tapping into their wild side. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"It's the skeletal accompaniment that lends the sound real brawn--primitive and intuitive, yet sophisticated at the same time. [Jun 2009, p.113]"

PopMatters,90,"At times hypnotic and otherworldly, it's a soothing, unsettling and challenging listen."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Chasny has souped up his production values, and theyve never been sharper than they are on Luminous Night, checking everything Chasny has ever done well with unprecedented clarity."
Pitchfork,80,"Sequenced beautifully to balance lyrical narratives with haunting instrumentals, its another Six Organs of Admittance album...but so much more."
AllMusic,80,"Chasny has completed the move started with 'School of the Flower' into a more polished sound and Luminous Night seems to be the finest example from this new period of Six Organs of Admittance."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Luminous Night reflects the yin-yang duality of a player whose axework has feulled Both Comets On Fire's freakout euphoria and the post-apocaltptic spok of Current 93. [Oct 2009, p.101]"
No Ripcord,78,"While normally 'killer flute' and 'far-out sitar' playing would feel incredibly counterfeit coming from a white guy based in California, it's his classic roots that keep it all grounded. And this album has both in spades. [Summer 2009, p.93]"
Under The Radar,75,"It's this combination of the simple and the intricate, the elegant and the forceful, that makes Luminous Night work so well."
cokemachineglow,70,"A set of sombre fingerpicked fables, Luminous Nightis heavy in spirit. It is cold to the core, as if its being played in the long shadow of a tombstone."
Filter,70,"This time around, Chasny is clearly interested in writing structured songs with clear lines drawn throughout, with seemingly no concern for the reactions that might ensue from such high production and exacting precision."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Mining everything from traditional English folk music to Middle Eastern atmospherics, it has a hypnotic, blood-pressure-lowering quality that, listened to closely and repeatedly, could induce episodes of involuntary spontaneous de-evolution. In other words, given the proper opportunity, Luminous Night will mindfuck you gently, but thoroughly."
The New York Times,69,"Luminous Night doesn't challenge 'School of the Flower' or 'The Sun Awakens' for Six Organs' best albums, but it is a solid addition to a big catalog that gets more interesting all the time."
Alternative Press,50,"While his guitar remains ulceric, songs such as 'The Ballad of Charley Harper' stew rather than combust."
PopMatters,40,"This follow-up is a lackluster affair. [Sep 2009, p.95]"

AllMusic,90,"As invigorating as the first half of Winds Poem is, its second half is where a filmic sensibility arises and the music becomes at one with the listener, the sounds yielding way to both chaotic and calming images as waves crash and subside."
Paste Magazine,90,"The true achievement of Mount Eeries Winds Poem is the redemptive arc Elverum finds within the black metal context."
AllMusic,90,"This is a terrifying, wise album."
The New York Times,82,"Phil has moved well beyond the often formless experiments of the early Microphones releases--this is still by no means a record to be digested lightly. And thank goodness for that."
Pitchfork,80,"Wind's Poem strikes a balance between accessibility and ambition that offers something for every kind of Elverum fan, but never sacrifices its purpose in the process."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The attraction that already existed between Xasthurs music and Mount Eeries exerted a strong enough force on Elverum that it became incorporated into him."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Its hard to find fault with the record since anything you think might be lacking, melodic interest, harmonic development, rhythmic drive, etc, was certainly left out deliberately."
Urb,80,"This is another revelatory view from Mount Eerie. [Fall 2009,p.64]"
PopMatters,78,"The distance that keeps Elvrums tiny voice from ever rising above a negligible squeak is applied to our relationship with this pretty, roaring Winds Poem. Its a harrowing problem, like getting stuck between a stone and a hard something, for every Phil Elvrum fan imaginable. And who isnt nowadays."
cokemachineglow,74,"His voice is as naive as ever, yet Winds Poem churns like nothing from his past, providing a therapeutic musical massage."
AllMusic,70,"The rest of Winds Poem plays out slow, shimmering, and really just classic Phil Elvrum, even if the albums tone is darker, well produced and generally well executed. But once an experimentalist folk musician, always an experimentalist folk musician, and kudos to Elvrum for experimenting even further outside of the realm."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Mount Eeries third album, is deeply homemade and crazily dynamic, running from quiet harmonium-and-voice drones to black-metal cataclysm."

Uncut,80,"The album doesn't stary too far from what made MUTEMATH such an enjoyable listen, but it's nuances cement Armistice as the band's best work to date. [Sep 2009, p.99]"
Spin,70,"Enjoying Mute Math involves disavowing the bad, and disliking them likewise involves disavowing the good. That this choice is offered at all keeps the band firmly in the camp of the interesting, at least."
Pitchfork,60,"This is essentially a thinking man's album, though, more indicative of the band's breadth than its ability to make hit singles."
Under The Radar,46,"The result is an awkward balancing act between a premature lust for accessibility and an obvious knack for the avant-garde, shirking traces of the latter in an ill-fated attempt at evolution."

Mojo,80,"The trio dives even deeper into the grooves that drive their music, expanding them and streamlining them into something challenging yet fresh and immediate."
musicOMH.com,80,"Their new album, Destination Tokyo, casts a spell in unpolished ways, evoking a gritty hybrid of Krautrock, dance-rock and art-punk."
Lost At Sea,73,"Nisennenmondai maintain grooves until they reach a sort of anxious frenzy, then move to the next buildup. For all the repetitious melodies and rhythms that form the core of the record, they don't sacrifice subtlety or surprise."
Paste Magazine,70,"Destination Tokyo is something of a departure from the groups previous sound, insofar as it is pared back and produced with more of an eye for clarity."
AllMusic,70,"At just four songs, each hovering around the 10-minute mark, Destination Tokyo feels more like a peek than a coming-out party."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The songs have parts that are memorable but your finger is always on the advance button. Overall, pretty good but could use some editing and improvement."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Despite remaining content at being strictly imitative, Destination Tokyo is a largely satisfying collection of fringe music existing outside the lines of pop genres and conventionality."
The Guardian,58,"Strictly speaking not much has changed since this Japanese trios debut EP Neji/Tori washed up on North American shores, but somehow that previous effort had so much charming belligerence and ferocity and Destination Tokyo sounds bored and meandering."

Dot Music,80,"The bottom line is Troubled, Shaken Etc is an album: paced, sequenced, structured, and produced as such. It's utterly lovely, feminine, and subtly adventurous."
Uncut,80,"Troubled, Shaken Etc. won't win any prizes for instant accessibility; if anything, it's a deftly-secured trove of deeply hidden treasures, that once discovered, will be hard to resist."
PopMatters,80,"Constancy is provided by the band's sleek economy and the piercing, implacable vocals of Sian Alice Ahern herself. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Its an ambiguous ending that makes the journey all the more fascinating."
cokemachineglow,61,"Ultimately this is a question of taste--and plenty of folks like their music slow-moving and somber--but the general avoidance of rhythm on some of these cuts poses a problem for me."
Spin,60,"Troubled, Shaken Etc. show that Sian's sophomore effort is a lesson in artistic restarint being a detriment. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Under The Radar,60,"A newly dynamic SAG here build on the intuitive eclecticism of last year's '59:59' debut. [Nov 2009, p.100]"

Mojo,90,"Put simply, it's a deeply beautiful record."
Drowned In Sound,85,"An hour or so later I finally succumbed to my bed, content. I can only imagine Riceboy does so in kind."
Pitchfork,83,"It's more than just the counterpoint to electronic instrumental buzz-bands like Ratatat and Animal Collective; it's 68 minutes of intricate tension-building and release, with a keen eye towards the redemptive powers of contemplation--and nature sounds."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Riceboy Sleeps has all the majestic calm of Sigur Ros with none of the dramatic storm, all of the lull and none of the squall."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Riceboy Sleeps is more like a film, shot exquisitely in various breathtaking spaces, where the plot never moves forward because nothing ever goes wrong."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is beautifully fragile music, not disposable but built to last."
The A.V. Club,80,"It all combines to make a delicate, sad, little record, but one that ripples with beauty."
Pitchfork,80,"Given that Sigur Ros seem to be going to increasing lengths with each record to seem less abstract and more human, a collection that unbinds itself from those constraints is, it turns out, a justifiable and often awe-inspiring exercise."
PopMatters,80,"These nine abstract sound paintings strip away the guitars, drums and vocals of Sigur Ros to liberate the avant-classical spirit within. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
Slant Magazine,80,"At times introspective, often breathtaking, and at no stage executed in any other way than meticulous perfection, to the patient listener Riceboy Sleeps is a masterpiece of generative ambience."
Spin,75,"Slowly bowed strings mingle with chimes and occasional vocals on highlights 'Indian Summer' and the 'Boy 1904,' but pretty much all of Riceboy Sleeps stands to mesmerize if met in the right acquiescent mood."
Drowned In Sound,74,"It's true that Riceboy Sleeps is no departure from New Age, is in fact a strengthening of at least Birgisson's place at the centre of its indie iterations. But it also takes the formula of another band a lot of people like and bends it just enough to make that formula interesting again."
Mojo,60,"Mostly wordless and free of Birgisson's trademark rapturous build-and-release, Riceboy Sleeps is more ideally suited for yoga poses or total headphone absorption."
cokemachineglow,60,"While not an album for those expecting the driving, energetic thump of 'Inni Mer Syngur Vitleysinger,' Riceboy Sleeps is an excellent introduction to Birgisson and Somer's work. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The strongest parts of this record have a yearning, almost devotional quality which can unlock something in the patient listeners. [Aug 2009, p.96]"
Under The Radar,60,"If they cut out about half of the songs and focused more on the parts that sounded less like Sigur Ros, Riceboy Sleeps would be a much stronger record."
AllMusic,53,"Riceboy Sleeps can keep you company in your cubicle or gridlock traffic."
Uncut,50,"Riceboy Sleeps isn't quite awful; on the contrary, there is enough warmth and prettiness to give the record some value. But by the same token, it's certainly not fantastic either, and therein lies the great problem with the whole project."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Riceboy Sleeps is an elegiac set of powerfully evocative songs, functioning at its best as lovely background music while flipping through the pages of the art book it's bundled with. Listened to unaccompanied and in its entirety, the experience is frustrating and unpleasant, and its bloated feel renders a lot of it impotent."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Riceboy Sleeps' is a tedious album of orchestral drones, produced by manipulating piano, strings and choir samples on solar-powered laptops"

The A.V. Club,100,"Megafaun fits squarely in the bearded Caucasian folkie camp, but the ethereal Gather, Form & Fly is far too extraterrestrial-sounding to be bound to this planet, much less this country."
AllMusic,81,"All the sounds and ideas emanate from the same sources and desires, and the prismatic contrasts between them illuminate this intriguing and heartfelt album."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Gather, Form & Fly is a stunning leap forward for a great young band."
The New York Times,80,"With their masterful use of texture and loose regard for conventional structure, Megafaun is among the few modern folk acts capable of pulling off real surprises. That they also pull off genuine pathos and sincerity makes Gather all the more rare an achievement."
Under The Radar,80,"Gather, Form & Fly extends Megafauns back-porch mad science into unexpectedly epic realms, including straight blues and even pure pop, embellished with skronky, experimental sound effects."
Pitchfork,80,"It is a record which drinks deeply from the well of the past but could only have been made today. Megafaun have cast off the weight of the canon and are spreading their wings."
musicOMH.com,80,"Mostly these provoke wows and crikeys of crooked pleasure. [Jan 2010, p.93]"
The A.V. Club,73,"Gather, Form & Fly is a bright record full of energy and dynamism even in its most cacophonous sound collages, but whats so frustrating--what becomes more urgent with every listen--is how great this album could have been."
AllMusic,70,"Its just a solid album that, like the title implies, holds onto its historical surroundings as much as it moves beyond them."
Slant Magazine,70,"Megafaun continue to move further out from underneath the shadow of their ex-fourth member, Bon Iver's Justin Vernon. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Megafaun are just as taken by quietly tortured dark-night-of-the-soul whisperings, lo-fi oddities, and shards of feedback shade as they are of banjos and summertime evenings, giving Gather, Form and Fly a bit of an unsettled edge at various points."
cokemachineglow,60,"It ain't always pretty. [Oct 2009, p.104]"

Paste Magazine,88,"As Bjork no doubt hoped it would, the result--long on material from that year's Volta but also featuring such oldies as 'Army of Me' and 'Pagan Poetry'--captures both energy and detail."
Pitchfork,83,"This CD/DVD set of tour extras might make you feel like your brain's doing sit-ups."
Lost At Sea,83,"The recordings on the CD are crisp and clear, and do a lot to highlight both Bjorks expansive singing and the borderline-insane arrangements around it."
Prefix Magazine,80,"With great audio and visuals, this version of Voltaic should please all but the most completist Bjork fans."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Those looking for a live greatest hits-style album will be a bit disappointed by the CD portion of Voltaic, which misses as many of Bjrks big songs as it hits. The DVD, however, manages to get to almost all of them."
Dusted Magazine,60,"So lets file Voltaic, released by Nonesuch a couple of weeks ago, under the category of Things We Didnt Think We Needed."
No Ripcord,60,"The package itself is labyrinthine in how it houses so many layers of content, but it's too bad that much of the material isn't quite essential, making this a release for die-hards only."
Alternative Press,52,"This second-hand facelessness runs throughout Volta, which still reads oddly rote and cold with this addendum. Even with its hulking abundance, Voltac is flesh without bone."

PopMatters,90,"Call it the fascinating intersection of jazz, lounge, prog and electro, if you must, but ultimately Tortoise produce music of the most valuable and enduring kind--beyond genres and labels, in a category all of its own."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"It follows that if the fellas in Tortoise know what makes their sound perfect, they also know how to avoid hitting that mark. Beacons biggest weakness is that it lacks the fluidity of a classic like Standards. Fortunately, thats exactly the weakness currently required from post-rocks still-relevant forefathers."
Under The Radar,80,"It can be incredibly difficult for an experimental group to continue experimenting for years on end without getting stale, but Tortoise achieve that balance effortlessly."
Spin,80,"Beacons demonstrates that Tortoise is still more than capable of releasing an exciting album."
Mojo,80,"Beacons Of Ancestorship is pretty much what the avid Tortoise fan would consider par for the course, in that its a veering cascade of inherent surprises that never fails to astound, amaze or disappoint."
NOW Magazine,80,"It was as if all of those constituent elements were combined in equal parts and to perfect balance and have since simply been maintained."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Theres plenty here for diehards to dissect (Wilhelm scream, anyone?) but the albums real draw is its outright appeal to those unversed in the bands back catalog."
Uncut,79,"The funny thing is that for most bands, Beacons of Ancestorship would be the very definition of an ambitious record--commanding, aiming for conceptual unity and broad scope. But this mode seems to come naturally for Tortoise, and their mastery of it accounts for the record's broad successes and slight drawbacks alike."
Q Magazine,77,"Textual descriptions may be difficult to understand without listening through the album's 11 songs, but for someone who has been a faithful listener since their eponymous 1994 debut it is important to know that Beacons Of Ancestorship is surely a keeper."
Lost At Sea,75,"This new direction doesn't feel like a 180-degree response to the noodly fusion sounds of It's All Around You so much as a natural desire to light out for new territory."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"The five-piece appropriates form any genre, including rampaging punk, techno, twitchy jazz and desert-baked samba, but with renewed adventure. The 11 tracks burble and skitter to new corners and heights."
Pitchfork,70,"Rather than the longer, complex compositions, the four shortest tracks here are the most intriguing, as they compress Tortoises way of layering disparate ideas into brief, disorienting beatscapes."
AllMusic,70,"So, despite feeling that this is a good, rather than great, album, my score for it may have gone up a point or so by the end of the year. Heres to the return of Tortoise..."
musicOMH.com,70,"A few throwaways aside, Beacons is a welcome kick in the tush. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A veteran band like Tortoise has pushed past those cinematic expectations--some spawning from that vague term post-rock--and emerged with the immediate and bracing sound of Beacons of Ancestorship."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Tortoise have made a welcome escape from the dusty 90s indie crypt."
No Ripcord,70,"Varied yet remarkably cohesive, think of Beacons Of Ancestorship as an extended, classical composition because Tortoise doesn't write songs, the band write movements in different parts. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Q Magazine,60,"Tortoise have erased virtually all of their musics familiar signifiers, opting now for stylistic mashes that fall into anonymity as often as they reach new, exciting places."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The quintet's first bona fide album in five years, perhaps acknowledges the baton passing, as does an absence of post-rock tropes. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Uncut,60,"The album has some great moments but a few too many fumbles to hold up as a complete package."
PopMatters,50,"Unfortunately, Beacons Of Ancestorship may leave listeners concussed; as there are only a handful of memorable musical fragments."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Beacons Of Ancestorship is rather unlovely beast, sagging under the weight of hoary synths, lumbering dynamics and improvisatory formlessness--not to mention high expectations. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
The Guardian,40,"Sadly, their own sixth album lacks the drive of either Battles or Mogwai. [Aug 2009, p.113]"

Mojo,90,"This new bag of tricks is implemented with due subtlety that bolsters the charming simplicity qualities, while filling the tracks out and, cautiously, adding some curves."
Drowned In Sound,88,"Bibio's references may already be T-shirts in your bureau, and his dovetailing of crisp guitars, tangling melodies, smart electronic gestures, and resin-hit production values (all evident on the title track) isn't new by any means.

Mojo,But if you can get out from under caring (that is, if you can locate the title lane), you'll feel as liberated as Bibio sounds here  an artist making a mixtape of himself. Folk yes."
musicOMH.com,83,"While Ambivalence Avenue is an excellent album by any measure, Bibio deserves extra credit for venturing outside of his established comfort zone."
Uncut,80,"It would be easy to call this album an exercise in dabbling if the quality of these songs weren't so strong--and it's that quality, along with Bibio's continuing flair for crafting distinctive atmospheres, that are the only constants throughout."
PopMatters,80,"For his sense of structure and emotional give and take is acute, so that we move from loud to quiet, from slow to quite fast, from acoustic to electronic, with an ease that makes perfect sense."
AllMusic,80,"Yes, Ambivalence Avenue is an album that defies expectations, and it is also Bibios most creative and penetrating release yet."
Under The Radar,80,"Stephen Wilkinson has taken the field recordings and organic experiments of his previous albums and filtered them through a stylistic prism, resulting in a kaleidoscopic but nearly uniformly accomplished set of songs."
No Ripcord,80,"On this fine album, Wilkinson seems intent on capturing this precious, ambivalent space."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"His remarkable Warp debut follows a series of effective 'folktronica' albums on the US independent Mush. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"One things for sure, Wilkinson sounds entirely enjoyable on this album. Whether its him enjoying himself in crafting this music and/or the fact that Ambivalence Avenue sounds that much more enjoyable than its 2009 predecessor, somethings obviously working."
PopMatters,80,"It helps that Wilkinson sings sweetly, too, distancing and layering his vocals for that dewy, lost-in-the-woods effect. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
Pitchfork,70,"Itd take some mad science to mix all of Bibios elements, old and new, into a sound as definitive as the one he established over his first five years as an artist, but Ambivalence Avenue is a great fresh start."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Hes named after his fathers best fishing fly, but the pastoral folk moments on Stephen Wilkinsons fifth album of chummy electronica pale next to the glut of nostalgic yearning."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Bibio's debut for Warp (he's a Mush alum) sounds like the last 10 years of Warp albumized: he noses ahead of Grizzly Bear's latest in terms of likability ('All the Flowers') as often as he lags slightly behind Prefuse 73 in terms of pure choppage chops ('Fire Ant')."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Ambivalence Avenue presents a livlier Bibio, tastefully absorbing hip hop and disco beats. [Aug 2009, p.104]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Bibios tendency, across the album, to either smooth the edges of his creations into non-threatening abstraction or fail to zone in on his best ideas is frustrating."

NOW Magazine,80,"What they bring to the table is a living, breathing sence of the organic. [June 2009, p.109]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Harmonium could quite easily have been a sterile exercise in musical pastiche. What The Soundcarriers have turned the album into is a living, breathing entity that restores the listener's faith in music."
The A.V. Club,80,"Here, the presence of a harmonium updates some lava lamp pyschedelic freakouts, David Axelrod's jazzy grooves and the feathery female harmonies of The Free Design, whose Chris Dedrick provides sleevenotes for the vinyl. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
AllMusic,80,"This album is so addictive it should come with a health warning."
musicOMH.com,70,"Harmonium gets tiresome toward the end. However, fans of light, clean, crisp and non-threatening psychedelia--as in '60s children's TV music, library music, groovy instrumentals with a flute lead, etc.--will be delighted, and rightfully so."
PopMatters,70,"Soundcarriers offer something a little less detatched, with less intellectual exercises and more communal experimentation. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Pitchfork,60,"Harmonium is as sunny and affable for outdoor get-togethers as it is sexified for ones swinging bachelor pad."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Admirable, if not necessarily lovable."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Their loping AM-radio psychedelia--like later Stereolab or lighter Dungen--engages with enough noise (if not complex rhythms) to keep the band out of mawkish territory."

No Ripcord,70,"This is more than some disparate litany of distant apocalyptic perils, however. Theres a deeper and more germane thread running through the album."
Under The Radar,68,"Yet like last time, there are plenty of sturdy, major-key melodies that go straight for the jugular. But whatever sing-along quality they have, their effectiveness is almost always determined by context."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The band does achieve some small strides forward here, and gives us a few great tracks, but mostly Cogleton and crew leave me wondering exactly what it is I should be afraid of."
Los Angeles Times,60,"This is expertly crafted music, but perhaps too intent on being discomforting: the music intentionally aims to unsettle you."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The music offers plenty of reasons to feel good about feeling bad; too bad that the lyrics, which suggest these feelings in the first place, evacuate themselves moments after they surface, making for a curiously glossy listening experience."
Spin,30,"Its decent in places but its just you know that feeling you get when someone you love is so wracked with pointless worry that you just want to shake them and shake them until they snap out of it?"

Urb,100,"A stellar offering."
Rolling Stone,95,"I'm gushing, I know, but listening to something as lovely and effusive as this album on repeat can only inspire those same qualities in those fortunate enough to hear. That having been said, consider Yesterday and Today for your next indiscretion."
The Boston Phoenix,91,"Though its on par with its predecessor in terms of repetition, Yesterday And Today is also on that level in terms of quality--which should mean no disappointments."
AllMusic,80,"If open to it, the album can be even more enveloping than the debut. The added warmth and a little extra depth go a long way."
Urb,80,"Processed it may still be, but the emotions this time round feel more human, and, as a result, make a deeper impact."
Uncut,80,"As with most of the Fields music, Yesterday and Today works better through headphones than in the club. Youd get too many people transfixed, just staring out into the middle distance. But thats what makes it such a powerful experience to listen to on your own."
PopMatters,80,"It's also quite good, despite the possible failure of nerve on its creator's part."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Organic is a word that has influence and is often applied, but hardly does justice to so otherworldly a record as Yesterday and Today. A pulse very rarely makes you feel this alive."
The New York Times,80,"Nothing much changes from here on out, but its this form, absorbance and consistency that always prevails in Willners music."
Pitchfork,80,"Yesterday and Today is a brilliant sequel, one that retains the strongest elements of its predecessor whilst bravely pushing forward into new territory."
Q Magazine,80,"These iridescent sound experiments tell a thrilling story poles apart. [Summer 2009, p.72]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Yesterday and Today, the sophomore effort from The Field (nee Axel Willner), can be easily understood as part of the tradition of moody follow-ups a la In Utero: a pairing of a signature sound with willful experimentalism."
PopMatters,75,"Like an electronic Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine, Axel Willners music as the Field uses rhythm, repetition and unexpected melodies to make a captivating sound that can be too much for some listeners. But to fans of top-flight techno craftsmanship, its nothing less than spellbinding."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The songs/pieces/tracks are too long. They take too long getting where theyre going. Everyone loses. But its a good record. Hang onto it."
The A.V. Club,70,"Swedish electronic dance producer Axel Willner consistently finds the sweet spot between breathlessness and breathing too hard on his follow-up to 2007's acclaimed 'From Here We Go Sublime.'"
AllMusic,60,"Rounding out the record with the 15+ minute 'Sequenced,' we're dropped back into the slow catatonia exhibited earlier on--and while this is a perfectly nice place to visit for a quarter of an hour, it may leave you yearning for The Field's previous world of sublime"
NOW Magazine,50,"After a few listens, the charm of many of Willner's soundscapes fades: They provide a certain Vicodin-buzz pleasure--and then they don't."

The New York Times,88,"The sonic touchstones are rediscovered gems of Latin American psychedelia mixed with the work of romantic cantautores (singer-songwriters) from the waning days of Franco in the '70s."
Hartford Courant,80,"The style of music being obscure to modern listeners makes this project's viability a good one, and La Llama reveals material of quality from a great ensemble of musicians."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Although there are moments where you wish for the upbeat, there is a solace to La Llama. For all of you non-spanish and catalan speakers out there, your mind is not forced to translate any of the words either, but simply inspired to enjoy the ride."
Under The Radar,80,"Herren calls Savath And Savalas his vision of 'Catalan acid folk'--and that should be all the encouragement required for fans of Four Tet, Tropicalia and early Animal Collective to dive right in. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Mojo,70,"Herren and his mates have pulled off the difficult task of building on a singular sound without sacrificing what made it special in the first place."
Q Magazine,70,"For Herren devotees (a group in which I would place myself), this album will appear as a necessary, blissed-out, and relaxing installment in an ever-evolving musical saga. For others less familiar or only interested in the Prefuse aesthetic, La Llama may leave them feeling adrift."
Lost At Sea,70,"Creaks, pings, birdcalls, clarinets, rustles, whooshes, echoes and all sorts of other sonic flotsam surround simple melodies and quietly picked acoustic guitars on La Llama."
cokemachineglow,61,"A good deal more Lange and a good deal less Muns would have brought out the best in Scott Herren."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"'La Llama' and Carajillo's clinking percussion, two moments of clarity on an album strong on atmosphere but sometimes short on focus. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Blender,50,"The concept is pleasant at first, but pretty soon the repetitive nature of each soundscape--clipped beats, soft Catalan/Castellano vocals and the odd bash, pluck, bird-call and random tinkle--starts to make NME jittery."

Drowned In Sound,90,"Both 'Meek Warrior' and 'Love Is Simple' are strong albums, but theres a sense of unfulfillment in them--Akron/Family seems to be testing itself in new areas rather than completing a task. On new album Set Em Wild, Set Em Free, though, that changes, as the band delivers a masterpiece."
Spin,90,"On their fourth album, Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free, they've simultaneously intensified and refined that blend, even as they've shaved off one of their original four members."
Dusted Magazine,83,"In the Akron/Family universe, disorder is part of the order, and Set Em Wild advances that yin-yang philosophy through music that binds disparate genres through an expansive imagination and force of will."
Billboard,80,"Seemingly undaunted, Seth Olinsky, Miles Seaton, and Dana Janssen recruited engineer and co-producer Chris Koltay, and enlisted nine other musicians to create the most far-reaching, margin-breaking set of the band's career to date."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Mood-wise, theres less of the unhinged joy of their last outing, 'Love Is Simple.' However, those moments of ecstasy have more power in smaller doses, and making that choice has allowed them to expand their palette while retaining their identity."
Filter,80,"On Set Em Wild, Set Em Free, the band has produced something practical, with less clutter, and many times better."
Pitchfork,80,"This album veers all over the place, but it's united by spotless production, eerie control and a confidence that's well deserved."
Uncut,80,"Despite all of these positives, and no real negatives to be found, Set Em Wild, Set Em Free isnt quite a perfect work--its much too clunky, much too unorganized to be considered as such--but its a considerable record, one thats sure to remain a highlight of this decades final chapter and afterwards."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The trio's first steps are unquestionably firm. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Paste Magazine,80,"The end result just about captures the riotous, magical bustle of their live shows, so seek it out. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Seriously good stuff. [Jun 20009, p.134]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Even though the album may be too erratic to cohere into anything thematic, its eccentricities do an excellent job of keeping it interesting."
Mojo,79,"Akron/Family are in a state of constant flux, ever changing, so Set Em Wild, Set Em Free strikes me as no great sea change (no more than usual, anyway). Its just the latest iteration of a band thats never twice the same."
Uncut,75,"This is the work of artists confident enough to embrace a sound that makes them happy."
Pitchfork,70,"This album takes major steps beyond its predecessor, 'Love Is Simple.' It adds a streak of joyful African funk, with sputtery rhythms and guitar curlicues."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Its a bold album, even in its prettiest, most pastoral moments."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Here they expand their primarily folky sound, importing rhythms from abroad and morphing electronic ticks and stutters into a field of chirping crickets."
PopMatters,70,"Set Em Wild, more so than many albums like this, at least has the quasi-coherence of forming out of the above-mentioned process, and if anything, that makes it more interesting than just a collection a songs."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The group stays true to its avant-garde musical roots with Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free, the noisier, louder follow-up to 2007's 'Love Is Simple.'"
Spin,70,"Fans of Animal Collective will be familiar with the expressive freak-out moments here, but Akron/Family are secretly far more at home nestled somewhere between Fleet Foxes and Led Zep in your collection."
Under The Radar,70,"The trio's skronky bits and folksy mannerisms are in place, often found competing within the confines of a single song. [Spring 2009, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,64,"The band's now-routine gospel-like chanting grows tiresome by album end (they miss Vanderhoof's vocals), and, as was expected, Set Em Wild doesn't necessarily expand the band's sound so much as further splinter their interest."
AllMusic,60,"On the fifth album this East Coast trio make it patently clear this is not the same band whose 2005 debut placed them in the rustic shadow of former Young God Records labelmate Devendra Banhart. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
The New York Times,50,"I doubt theyll be circling back to the sound I felt so strongly about, but even the mildly frustrating Set Em Wild, like all the bands records, has songs Ill be listening to for years to come."
Pitchfork,50,"What emerges from Set em Wild, Set em Free is the realization that Akron/Family is maddeningly unknowable and, essentially, a product of all these influences rolled up into one gigantic, take-it-or-leave-it stringball."

Sputnikmusic,80,"One of the best things about Balf Quarry is the way it builds on the game-changing craftsmanship that Magik Markers brought to Boss."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It hits just as furiously and sloppily as all the old Markers standards, no matter its label, run time, or production quality."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Balf Quarry sees the duo swaggering through louche wah-wahed blues, no-wave barn burners and salty pop ditties, culminating in an eerily beautiful, piano-haunted fever dream. [May 2009, p.109]"
Pitchfork,80,"This follow-up finds them flitting dynamically from royal Trux-ish fuzz blues to incantatory pieces like 'Shells,' that cross 'Experimental Jet Set'-era Youth with Nico. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Mojo,75,"It takes only a few listens to realize that this album is its own beast. Even with healthy doses of unruliness and a few far-off wanderings, this is Magik Markers' most coherent, self-contained effort to date."
PopMatters,75,"'Jerks' is a scathing freakout that made me want to hear Sonic Youth's cover of the Untouchables' 'Nic Fit' all of a sudden; '7/23' is a clopping, slightly flat, strangely iridescent love note; and the focus that disperses over the course of six hazy minutes of 'State Numbers' takes the opportunity of 'The Ricercar of Dr. Clara Haber' to slap itself in the face a few times and the shimmering outburst of 'The Lighter Side of... Hippies' to remind you why you made it so deep into this oddly arresting album in the first place."
AllMusic,70,"Balf Quarry, however, sees Elisa Ambrogio and Pete Nolan emerging blinking into the sunlight as they continue to excavate the more focussed sounds of last album 'Boss.'"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Balf Quarry feels both intensely structured, and delightfully free-form in its metaphorical confines."
cokemachineglow,65,"Balf Quarry, their first album for Drag City, isnt going to put a halt to those Sonic Youth comparisons. Theyve steadfastly stuck with the sound created on the Boss album for most of this venture."
musicOMH.com,60,"She renders a sad refrain from a lotto ad on 'State Numbers,' slags CSNY on 'The Lighter Side of...Hippies,' and howls that 'a loving woman can have the Devil's face' on the acerbic 'Don't Talk in Your Sleep,' making this the duo's most shambolic effort to date."
The New York Times,50,"The follow-up to 2007's 'Boss' is an uneven album that is full of good ideas but often misses the mark. [Spring 2009, p.76]"

Filter,90,"Each offering here is meter-perfect and crafted instinctively to flat-out destroy the boundaries of rock music."
Paste Magazine,70,"Cryptomnesia is a tough, rugged, and wildly ambitious set of far-reaching--sometimes overly so--compositions reflecting the rapid growth of one of the new century's most genuinely talented and visionary musicians."
AllMusic,70,"The album makes a thorough, nerve-tingling plunge into the Mars Voltas maelstrom available to shorter attention spans."
Pitchfork,48,"Awe is in the ear of the beholder, sure, but after being predictably pounded into the ground for half an hour by Rodriguez-Lopez/Hill et al. and their bag of heavy tricks, it's hard to tell if we're meant to walk away impressed or oppressed."
Under The Radar,20,"The album is pure homogeneous shitheap of stream-of-consciousness turgidity nonsense that strives to be different and to take you somewhere else but in the end really just ends up being hilariously bad and hilariously derivative of his past work and despite the frequent so-weird-its-almost-cool moments it still just plain sucks hardcore."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Like any covers album that translates between genres, theres an occasional sense of frustration or compromise...but that's 'occasional' within tracks--there are no duds here."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While their version of My Bloody Valentines Only Shallow sounds exactly the same only much more so, the unexpected choices work best."
PopMatters,80,"On When I See the Sun, they seem to want to prove they also recognize great songwriting, and it turns out they not only have impeccable taste, they also have an instinctive understanding of the type of songs that tend to increase in mystery and intimacy when swaddled in an impenetrable fog of guitars."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This covers set is a fine entry-point. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
No Ripcord,70,"This is an immensely satisfying little collection, as good a gateway drug into Nadjas vast sonic world as youll find."
Spin,60,"This is an interesting diversion giving insight into the band's coordinates."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Almost every song is terribly alike--each featuring the same hallmarks Nadjas become known for, besides their most important aspect, being their relentless creativity--and this bland similarity becomes taxing."

Filter,81,"While Mythomania doesnt necessarily punch its way out of that paper bag, the album does feel more immediate, its melodies are more memorable, and the songs do occasionally allow themselves to become more ragged."
AllMusic,80,"Mythomania is overdriven, with sparks flying from the bolts in its neck and fruit machine cherries lining up in its vacant eye sockets. But it sounds perfect somehow."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The lyrics, sometimes also sung by Mr. Cohen, abound in surrealistic metaphor: the bloom of a flower in darkness, the derisive laughter of the moon. Yet there are lines, and even entire songs, that beg to be taken at face value."
The Guardian,76,"It's deeper than you think. [Spring 2009, p.103]"
No Ripcord,75,"While the band remains true to its less-is-more instincts, Mythomanias songs stand as fully developed structures that take advantage of their limited instrumentation."
Dot Music,70,"Even though Cryptacize remain difficult to pin down, the chances they take on Mythomania bring them a little bit closer to reach."
Hot Press,70,"Finding unique ways to handle empty space and unorthodox arrangements has always been Cohen's greatest strength, and here that skill helps to mottle his most straightforward material to date."
Uncut,70,"It's an across the board improvement that finds ex-Deerhoof guitarist Chris Cohen sharper, drummer Michael Carreira's work more tasteful and deliberate, and vocalist Nedelle Torrisi's performances even more dynamic and beautiful. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Cryptacize have made an album that sounds welcomingly familiar for fans of Cohens aesthetic, but it wont likely gain them a much wider fanbase."
Rolling Stone,60,"It stands alone as an album which is well-rounded--there's not much here which is lacking in quality, but much is lacking oomph."
PopMatters,60,"With their second album, Cryptacize have given us something much more sure-footed, and with a little more depth, than what weve heard before."
Under The Radar,50,"When their sound tends towards the more coherent and homogeneous (even on the excellent title track) they risk falling victim to an imitativeness, or perhaps simply a lack of aesthetic ambitiousness, that threatens to overwhelm the originality that they bring to the table."
Pitchfork,50,"Mythomanias level of sophistication is not hard to achieve and it certainly does nothing to elevate Cohens abilities, his contributions to Deerhoof being markedly superior."
cokemachineglow,40,"Cryptacize's latest squanders the band's natural resource: singer Nedelle Torrisi."

Drowned In Sound,85,"At times, the band outdoes itself even by its own standards."
Mojo,84,"Just enjoy the ride and don't ask any questions. [Spring 2009, p.97]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"A debut that largely lives up to all the surrounding hype championing the group as one of the hottest new indie up-and-comers."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is the kind of album that will only reward as time passes; through more listens you will find that the startling music, sincere vocals and impeccable musicianship are all at a very high quality."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The white-knuckle ride of Tentacles, Andrew's fried blues and the rainbow of styles in Your Spears see Crystal Antlers bucking the trend--not just rioting but inspiring, living up to their impressive promise."
NOW Magazine,80,"The Crystal Antlers debut is a flesh-fattened cloud prowler emanating a strange, jilted tenderness, a record whose devastating expressive weight is amplified, not obscured, by its deranged, frayed-edge make-up."
Prefix Magazine,80,"A check-your-pants rollercoaster, Tentacles isn't a critique of the times by any stretch of the imagination but it captures the feeling, the mood and the sheer abject terror."
The A.V. Club,80,"Raw, beguiling psychedelia from Californian newcomers."
Paste Magazine,80,"Crucially, it always feels as if Crystal Antlers are having a blast, continually cold-shouldering the obvious and pushing each other to the limits of their musicianship and beyond. [May 2009, p.87]"
Pitchfork,70,"Crystal Antlers may be treading the same ethical path that bands such as Fugazi did, but its their ability to amalgamate and transcend genres with apocalyptic effect that makes them truly revolutionary."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It's unclear what frontman Jonny Bell is caterwauling about, but it scarcely matters. The vocals are just another sound bubbling up through the thick sonic stew."
Slant Magazine,70,"Its safe to say Crystal Antlers have struck the iron while its hot, and while theres no one else out there who sounds even remotely like them."
Spin,70,"After their initial shock, fans will appreciate developments. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
PopMatters,67,"Crystal Antlers' proper debut is, more than their EP, the sound of a band still with more potential than goods."
Delusions of Adequacy,63,"For their first lengthy introduction, they seem to have lost some verve. Its a frustrating representation of what a tightrope their sort of exorcism music is."
Under The Radar,60,"Does Tentacles live up to those high standards? Nah, but it doesnt embarrass itself, and thats praise enough."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Their debut full-length more than makes good on the attention they've been receiving. [May 2009, p.103]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Crystal Antlers need to allow the sounds of their instruments to serve a compositional goal in this way more often, rather than simply using them to bash through their songs."
cokemachineglow,50,"Apart from the nice flourishes and an undoubtedly authentic-sounding replication of mid- to late-'60s underground psychedelia, this album seems to have been something of a misfire, lacking a convincing emotional undertow, or sufficient clarity in its musical presentation to engage or entrance the listener."
Urb,40,"These tracks are lifeless, and the multitude of sounds turns to mud, eventually eating itself."
Mojo,40,"Tentacles more focused psych punk feels formulaic, underdeveloped and disappointing."

Uncut,75,"Repo isnt a great progression from previous Black Dice records. But their willfully amateurish approach, and a continued fascination with the coarse and the crude, make this another welcome addition to their woozy, dog-eared oeuvre."
Alternative Press,75,"Repo is initially frustrating, but a good time for those who can embrace its imperfections."
Sputnikmusic,74,"On their sunnily deranged new album, Repo, Black Dice somehow manage to do away with context entirely, constructing music comprised solely of sound effects designed and recorded themselves."
Tiny Mix Tapes,71,"Repo is still abstract in a similar and smeary way, but it sounds like Black Dice have gotten a better handle on their gear."
Slant Magazine,70,"Repo is likeable for all the right reasons. That the band hasnt challenged themselves or their audience to find new ones is the albums chief drawback."
Alternative Press,70,"The only negative here is a lack of structure between songs, which makes Repo feel like something dropped in a pile at your feet."
The A.V. Club,70,"Black Dice are the perpetually esoteric older Crumb brother Charles: inscrutable, agoraphobic, undeniably brilliant but just as undeniably demented. All descriptions apply to their fifth album, with each track bursting at the seams with warped sounds."
Pitchfork,70,"Its by turns engrossing, boring, and terrifying. Just let it wash over you and try not to think too much about it. Youll be glad you did."
AllMusic,70,"While at first some of Repo will undoubtedly seem oriented towards those with an attention deficit, it is in every sense of the word a grower."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Repo improves upon past work and manages to cram more songs with more interesting ideas into the same space as previous releases, while simultaneously becoming a little easier to aproach. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Spin,67,"While Repo jump-starts smooth enough with the skuzzed samples bleating through 'Nite Creme,' the infectiously funky warp of 'Glazin' gives way to an industrial stomp and grind that begins to unravel into darker territory."
No Ripcord,63,"Fans will welcome the grotesquely titled 'Ultra Vomit Craze' and 'Gag Shack,' reveling in subtle mood shifts found amid the ferocious racket. Skeptics and nay-sayers will remain unconvinced of the genre's ability to move beyond bratty outbursts."
Prefix Magazine,62,"Perhaps there will come a moment when Repo suddenly clicks as a beautifully connected opus, but that seems doubtful; for the time being its just a frustrating listen, held back by its unnecessarily unconventional explorations."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Black Dice continues to produce highly interesting music, no doubt, but be warned that its not for the faint of heart or imagination."
cokemachineglow,60,"Repo is a brightly coloured series of aural non sequiturs, its lard-legged beat science peaking with distorted synth-funk jam 'Ultra Vomit Craze.' [May 2009, p.109]"
NOW Magazine,60,"It resembles The Boredoms in its sense of sonic bravery, although the suspicion lingers that more focus is required before they can produce another record of the calibre of 2002's 'Beaches And Canyons.' [May 2009, p.79]"
Uncut,60,"Teetering between genius and madness, Repo is a few hooks shjort of a successful fishing trip for experiemental music, left mostly with 'experiemental' and not much in the way of traditionally defined 'music.' [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Repo isn't a bad record, but it's certainly the least fresh and consistent one I can remember Black Dice releasing and both of those traits are a big deal with 'difficult' music like this."
Paste Magazine,40,"Repo runs out of ideas so quickly it starts to appropriate its own ideas."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"This incessant sense of creative movement makes Enemy Mine one of the best albums of the year, the sound of three great musicians forged into a product bigger than themselves."
Under The Radar,90,"They've given their songs a spine. Stark and deliberate, menageries of vocals ricochet irresistibly between reverb, piano and floor toms and stripped-down Americana. [Apr 2009, p.135]"
Dusted Magazine,75,"Krug, as usual, beats his own nettled path to pop pay-off. The roughest spots come courtesy of Mercer, who seems excited to soundtrack his blustery voice with cacophony while letting his capable bandmates handle the tuneful stuff."
AllMusic,74,"As relatively bare bones as some of these arrangements are, the songs are as kinetic as one might hope for from such dynamic songwriters. They just wouldnt sound as rich had they been fleshed out by any other set of players. Still, the album's middle stretch sags quite a bit in comparison."
Under The Radar,70,"Listeners who have managed to remain immune to the trio's idiosyncratic brand of 'thespian rock' will no doubt find much of Enemy Mine unlistenable. That said, fans of manic melodies, bohemian pageantry, and synapse melting lyricism have no greater modern champions than Bejar, Krug, and Mercer."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This still isnt for everyone, but its sounding less like a side-project, and more like a super-group."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The distinctiveness of these three weirdos and their democratic approach gives this unexpecedly harrowing album a remarkable cohesion."
cokemachineglow,70,"As well crafted and fascinatingly acute as Enemy Mine is, it lives in an alternate reality: a place where too much need be forgotten in order to grant Enemy Mine what it would otherwise deserve."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"That the groups second effort, Enemy Mine, is able to accommodate all three distinct voices in only nine tracks is even more remarkable. But that Enemy Mine is a firm step sideways is less so."
Pitchfork,70,"Album closer 'Warlock Psychologist' is a glorious mess of distorted keyboard and poetic non sequiturs that less dedicated bands would probably have left off the record. But not Swan Lake, whose perverse commitment to farty art-rock is to be respected, perhaps even embraced."
Prefix Magazine,69,"Enemy Mine is altogether more defined in its varying forms, food groups falling out a cornucopia rather than coming together like the stew that bubbled in the 'Beast Moans' cauldron."
PopMatters,60,"The record will prove inaccessible for those seeking a retread of the members more famous projects but works when approached on its own terms."
Uncut,60,"Every song offers something different, which holds your attention. [Apr 2009, p.101]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Essentially, Enemy Mine is a showcase for the talent of the three artists involved. But it lacks the conviction of Frog Eyes. It lacks the focus of Sunset Rubdown."
Sputnikmusic,53,"There are moments when the synths, pianos and strings coalesce to form something resembling the urgency and poignance Swan Lake is capable of, but these spare highlights are only barely worth looking for."
cokemachineglow,50,"The actual music on this album is excellent--the sort of Canadian indie beloved of people who live in cities yet dress like the Unabomber....A hole is kicked in the side of it by Carey Mercers berserk singing however."
Dusted Magazine,50,"It feels kind of like these three, and this group of songs, would have been just as effective apart. [Spring 2009, p.74]"

New Musical Express (NME),90,"This is, undoubtedly, one of the most beautiful records of this year, and its very indistinctness forces you to go back to it over and over."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Accessible and elusive at the same time, The Floodlight Collective is an addictive debut."
Alternative Press,80,"It's the kind of cohesive 'album' album that's hard to find these days. [Spring 2009, p.72]"
PopMatters,80,"Its one of the best late-night albums of the year so far, and deserves to be remembered in the best of 2009 polls."
Pitchfork,80,"Dont dismiss The Floodlight Collective for the outstanding introduction to Lotus Plaza it is, because in reality, it is a winning release in more ways than one."
Spin,77,"The Floodlight Collective exudes something astonishing and rare, particularly for a record on the fringes of indie rock, scoping into abstraction. It is, more than anything else, sincere."
Under The Radar,70,"While The Floodlight Collective offers a great set of songs, Id still like to see Pundt deliver a more idiosyncratic album through which we can truly hear him expose himself."
AllMusic,68,"So The Floodlight Collective is a mostly elegant listen, and one whose failings are part of its theme: Like a vague recollection, it's still a little hard to hold onto after it's over-- pretty albeit somewhat ephemeral."
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"Part of what makes it so distinctive is also what ultimately frustrates. The songs bleed into one another until the reverb-drenched vocals and phantasmic spirals of sound become heavy-handed, almost overwhelming."
cokemachineglow,60,"Although Pundt demonstrates an interest in styles beyond the common denominator of ethereal pop, as on the doo-wop-inflected 'Quicksand,' the albums strongest moments are those that exploit the similarities."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The results is something scrappier, but loveable than Deerhunter's billowing drone. Less sonic cathedrals, more tripping at chapel. [Apr 2009, p.91]"
Mojo,50,"Despite the similarities, theres actually a few brief moments in The Floodlight Collective where Pundt one-ups the band he derivates from, but theres unfortunately as many that are boring enough to negate any previous triumph."

Paste Magazine,90,"If Hymn to the Immortal Wind does anything, it establishes Monos place among post rocks top dogs, and for this reviewer, easily gives them the title. Everyone else is just generic or something."
Pitchfork,82,"Its like listening to a strong feeling that yearns to be vented, but instead is left inside its confining limits, echoing on itself."
PopMatters,80,"Its the sound of epic detail in exquisite registration, and Albini perfectly vivifies Monos Technicolor wall of sound."
The A.V. Club,80,"Hymn feels like the imaginary soundtrack to the film inside your head and is an outstanding work of epic beauty."
Under The Radar,80,"'Majestic' is a word often used to describe Mono, and this record, the band's fifth, will not challenge us to avoid using it."
No Ripcord,80,"Hymn's soft-loud spectrum stretches uncommonly far, yielding rare rewards at each end. [May 2009, p.114]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Those listeners in the middle may find that without anything making it stand out from the bulk of what were calling post-rock, Hymns to the Immortal Wind registers as another solid entry in a genre so consistent that merely solid entries arent enough to gain your love as well as your respect."
AllMusic,70,"Hymn to the Immortal Wind has probably caused floods of tears. That's a description, not a dis. The melodies are more sure-handed than ever. They are like missiles locked onto emotional buttons. More independence in the guitars helps sharpen this aim."
Dusted Magazine,50,"Opener 'Ashes in the Snow' and 'The Battle to Heaven' invoke the CinemaScope bombast of Ennio Morricone, but even their added orchestral heft barely nudges Mono out of a windy, instrumental morass."
Uncut,20,"Bloated with too much self-absorption, Japan's Mono have lost sight of their original intent. [Spring 2009, p.77]"

cokemachineglow,80,"The second helping from Montreal's Bell Orchestre holds true to the Canadian instrumentalists' penchant for melodic/atonal slabs of cinematic chamber rock, but this time around they've reigned in the jerky, less-developed aspects of their work, allowing for a smooth, though still volatile blend of post-punk, classical crossover, and straight-up experimental rock."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The album is post-rock at its best, a monumentous achievement even by the groups standards."
PopMatters,80,"It sounds more coherent than episodic, placeless, and with a definite emphasis on the rock aspects that, on 'Recording a Tape,' were used sparingly."
Mojo,80,"As Seen Through Windows is both a progression and an evolution from the band's previous work, and it would be criminal to overlook them this time."
Q Magazine,80,"Produced by Tortoise's John McEntire on this, their second outing, BO channel such solitary American composers as Harry Partch and Charles Ives, rattling from distorted second line jazz to mournful Moondog horn stomps and sweet chamber melancholy, creating a claustrophobic city suite that taps into a whole other area of American vernacular music. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"
Dusted Magazine,78,"The three years that have passed since the band's debut has left Bell Orchestre a far more confident act than the one that once served as the house band for a Montreal dance ensemble, one that simultaneously expands and tightens its focus with an album that ultimately inhabits its own place on the pop-music spectrum."
Pitchfork,75,"Windows extends the filmic dynamism and orchestral spark that carried 'Recording a Tape,' but instead of remaining in the background, the narrative--impressionistic and imperfect--comes to a often-unpredictable present."
PopMatters,70,"As Seen Through Windows will likely continue to solidify Bell Orchestres reputation for making interesting and occasionally challenging instrumental music that not enough people have heard."
Prefix Magazine,67,"Bell Orchestres second album is an imaginary soundtrack with a gauzy overlay and a gentle fussiness that pervades everything. If this music has a color, its periwinkle."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The band, composed of members of Arcade Fire, The Luyas, Snailhouse, and The Sway Machine, is a good fit for fans of any of the aforementioned acts or anyone looking for some new instrumental music for homework or housework. [Spring 2009, p.70]"
Uncut,50,"Theres a whole lot of beauty in As Seen Through Windows, but it isnt attainable beauty. When the music stops, so does it disappear, leaving you feeling as though youve lost something in the process."

PopMatters,90,"C'est Com..Com..Complique is superb, a monument that could only have been sculpted by the group's original hands."
cokemachineglow,80,"C'est Com...Com...Complique is better than anything Faust have issued since 1999's Ravvivando - which is saying plenty - writing another elliptical chapter in one of the most fascinating sagas in the history of rock."
AllMusic,80,"This disc has all the ingredients that made Faust the force it once was, plowing headlong through rock establishment and leaving us to reassess the wrecked landscape."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The surprise of C'est Com...Com...Complique  is not that Faust continue, four decades after their inception, but that they do so with such inventiveness and sense of play. [May 2009, p.85]"
Uncut,70,"Considering the extent to which they seem to follow whatever musical desires grip them at the time, rather than following an overarching path, it's not much of a disappointment to suggest they haven't quite graced the heights of their best work here"
Q Magazine,70,"Faust continues to embrace the former and remain unperturbed by the latter, displaying the same youthful, brave spirit on C'est Com..Com..Complique 38 years after their self-titled debut."
Under The Radar,60,"As with all well-meaning experiments, not all the alchemy is expert, but history has never seen a more satisfyingly sloppy band than Faust; the band who, after all these years, has never sold their souls."
Pitchfork,60,"It's a fine entry point into Faust's lineage. [May 2009, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Since reforming in 1990, founder Jean-Herve Peron and Werner Diermaier have been prolific, touring the world and recording a series of albums that have never quite scaled the heights of those early works. Cest Com... is no exception, though it's best moments provide a showcase for Diermaier's extraordinary percussion. [May 2009, p.112]"

Sputnikmusic,80,"No matter what tweak to the overall aesthetic Nelson may make, Pan-Americans music is as interesting as ever, precisely because there is no end in sight."
Paste Magazine,70,"White Bird Release, while not as conceptual as For Waiting, For Chasing, almost by default flows as a sort of suite, with each track named after a fragment of this quotation."
AllMusic,70,"Just as the song titles have little meaning if theyre not read back to back, so does the music only fully cohere upon listening to the record as a continuous, flowing piece. But the dream doesnt seem to lift us above the ground; something about Nelsons chaste guitar timbres and middling drones keeps us from arriving there."
Spin,70,"White Bird Release is a solid, completely contained work."
PopMatters,70,"For all the criticisms Nelson may endure for not branching out or over relying on minimalism, White Bird Release does provide a certain thrill."
Pitchfork,60,"It may be no great leap forward, but on this showing Nelson can still produce graceful electronica with a rare poise and reserve. [Mar 2009, p.95]"

Alternative Press,90,"After two great albums, Choral sees the duo consolidating all the gains made into its first real classic, an album that ought to delight hardened-ambient fanatics and neophytes alike."
Under The Radar,84,"What were left with, speakers humming with aftermath, is the possibility of a real and significant realization: that between Hecker and Mountains, 2009 suggests a sea change--and I cant think of a more appropriately grand term--in which ambient music may just enter a post-Eno peak."
AllMusic,80,"That said, try as you might, you can listen a hundred times and not catch all the utterly magical, deeply moving, and beautifully arresting aural majesty to be found on Choral."
Pitchfork,80,"Choral, never succumbing to mere regurgitation, represents talented musicians confident in their methods, who channel their influences to produce a sound that proves accessible while remaining distinctive and utterly expressive."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Mountains' skillful manipulation of texture and space creates a sound that stealthily envelopes you like an Appalachian fog. [mar 2009, p.92]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Mountain boys at the--ahem--peak of their powers. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Under The Radar,80,"Choral is an impressionistic, mellifluous record that persistently beguiles. [Spring 2009, p.77]"
PopMatters,65,"Choral sometimes feels staid and a little postcard-y: a pretty gesture that fails to eclipse the experience of actually going somewhere."

cokemachineglow,80,"More than half of this album is mind-blowing, so it would be nice to leave Sholi with a brain buzzing with that same intrigue, confusion and happiness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Their self-titled LP is diaphanous and elusive, but leaves the listener deeply moved nonetheless."
AllMusic,77,"Deerhoof's powerful drummer Greg Saunier, who produced the project, got some of the album's most head-spinning moments from Sholi drummer Jonathon Bafus."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Fortunately, even the album's least obvious moments are well worth deciphering, and the emotional connection Sholi make on almost every track raises the band from merely impressive to very promising."
Alternative Press,70,"Sholi deftly incorporates eerie groans, math-rock guitars, la-la sing-alongs, and frenetic drum lines."
Paste Magazine,70,"Theyve done quite a bit with a debut, made something hooky enough to stick in your head, and built-up enough to stay there for quite a while."
PopMatters,64,"When Bafus isn't pushing from the back, everything falls slack, and the album blurs into gray. Individual moments stand out, but Sholi isn't an album you immerse yourself in as much as notice from time to time."
Urb,60,"The trouble is that their debut album is saturated with the kind of contrived angst that seems to always maintain a level of popularity with upper-middle class white kids who don't pay their own bills yet. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Sometimes the sonic builds and deconstruction wear, with most songs reaching over five minutes, but you can't blame them for exploring the spcae. [Winter 2009, p.74]"

Under The Radar,80,"The Blue Depths is an album first and foremost and is assembled as one. Therefore, it should be listened to that way; because the aura it creates around the listener--particularly through headphones--is nothing short of spectacular."
Uncut,77,"Tapscott's specific words can get muffled, but more often than not that only helps to add a welcome sense of mystery to The Blue Depths, as for the first time it seems Odawas know precisely where they want to go and how they plan to get there."
Mojo,70,"Its simply constructed, confidently attempted and ultimately, radiantly accomplished. And much like that couple [on the album back cover], the albums missteps are present but there is enough good to prove this is a solid effort."
Q Magazine,70,"The Blue Depths can be a mesmerizing album to listen to. Tapscott's voice creaks with emotion, haunting these songs with a vital humanity that keeps their cold feel from being mechanical."
No Ripcord,70,"Odawas' third album for Jagjaguwar is an expansive, balmy album of soft synthesizers and shimmering guitars shot through. [Spring 2009, p.73]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"There is nothing catchy or immediately attention-grabbing on The Blue Depths. Instead, each song reaches out in ethereal wisps, slowly wrapping the listener in its slothful cocoon."
Dusted Magazine,62,"My point is that topping already listless, dreamy tunes with even more listless production can make it difficult to perceive any dynamics across the whole album. Odawas do make inroads towards changing it up, but its hard to hear anything but the relentlessly slow pace and saccharine production."
Mojo,60,"This is an album less about immediacy and more about subtlety. Its not rocking in any traditional sense, but it reveals itself gradually, building in complexity with each turn."

AllMusic,90,"Old Money is so far-reaching, it will likely piss off some of his fans while making others nearly swoon with its unwieldy rockist excesses. As for winning new fans to his cause? You bet."
Prefix Magazine,90,"Nary a fragment of the 10 compositions sounds even a bit out of place; new ideas are explored, and not at the expense of the listener; and, perhaps best of all, a mongrel of a talent finally lets his instincts to ROCK REALLY FUCKING HARD take over."
Uncut,80,"This disc is heads-and-shoulders above his contemporaries. [Mar 2009, p.116]"
Pitchfork,75,"Its not necessarily an obvious headphone album, but--perhaps due to the lack of vocals--theres a vast space in which to get lost, found and lost all over again."
Spin,70,"This is an album that will be a cool listen for those, like me, who find the Mars Volta interesting but often frustrating. It will also appeal to fans of instrumental rock, but the lack of vocals will still keep a more general audience away."
PopMatters,70,"This album is truly an odyssey where if a picture paints only a thousand words, these songs can paint an entire film."
AllMusic,60,"It's just as easy to loathe this record as it is to love it, but enough moments of merit exist to stifle any doubts over the quality of Rodriguez-Lopez' output as a solo artist."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Old Money is as trippy and fantastical as Rodriguez Lopez's work with Mars Volta without the beat-you-over-the-head prog fury and yelped vocals intensity that causes much of Volta's music to bend under its own pretentious weight. [Winter 2009, p.77]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Old Money is rather more sharply honed--indeed, only the lack of vocals distinguishes this from a Mars Volta record. [Feb 2009, p.93]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"This bombastic, cacophonic, but endlessly impressive set would make a fine soundtrack for dancing madly among the wreckage [of capitalism]. [Feb 2009, p.113]"
PopMatters,40,"Once again it's a showcase for some dextrous prog-jazz metal guitar work that on occasion veers dangerously close to tuneless skronking. [Mar 2009, p.104]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The strange, serene pulse of Drone Trailer is a modest but powerful monument to the blissed out disregard for anything that is external to the makers heart and mind."
Under The Radar,80,"Drone Trailer is another fine addition to MV & EEs ridiculously prolific, yet highly impressive output. Even with its scant six tunes, its unlikely anyone will be left hanging long if more music from these two is what they are after."
Pitchfork,80,"Drone Trailer comes off as one of MV & EEs richest conciliations of primal rock impulse and agrarian drift  the kind of record that a confused major label would have leaked out into the world in the early 1970s, the last time the underground had any chance of seriously warping the mainstream milieu."
No Ripcord,80,"Their star-kissed analogue sprawl and beautiful singing revitalise tired classic rock moves. [Mar 2009, p.107]"
Mojo,70,"It's an unfocused album that defies comfortable listening, perhaps deliberately so, but the collision of half-baked folk tunes and uneasy soundscapes isn't as stimulating to hear as it might have been to create."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Even while working inside a style that has changed very little throughout its multiple-century lifespan, with Drone Trailer MV & EE have learned that looking outside tradition and beyond the past is a precious means of progression."
Uncut,60,"This is one of the heavier and more accessible entries in their labyrinthine discography. [Jan 2009, p.102]"
Pitchfork,58,"Drone Trailer arrives--after numerous CD-Rs and tapes of cross-cultural, relentlessly unconventional music to stargaze by--bearing principally unthreatening, old-fashioned rock'n'roll."
PopMatters,50,"Vermont residents Matt Valentine and Erika Elder exhibit signs of creeping dementia on Drone Trailer. With his piercing whine and wheezy harmonica, Valentine suggests a damaged, decomposing clone of acoustic Neil Young."
Under The Radar,50,"MV & EE can play, but their washed-out psychedelica generally requires you to be on the same plane as they in order to gain full appreciation. Most of the time, it sounds like theyre already halfway to the heavens."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"That magic might be missed a little on Mirror Eye, but its fever dream-like intensity is more than compelling in its own right, and feels as subtle and natural as a shadow or a reflection."
cokemachineglow,80,"The balance--between groove and experiment, organic and synthetic sound--shifts constantly on this very strong album, sometimes prodding listeners to think, other times comforting them with familiar sounds and, occasionally, overwhelming them with ephemeral beauty."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The band takes this gradual structure and spreads it over songs wreathed in recurring patterns, echo effects, and unintelligible chanting voices, resulting in music that's densely circular but moves, slowly and elegantly, with all the beauty of a wisp of smoke."
Uncut,75,"Their discography may be sparse, but Mirror Eye, released on the always-intriguing Social Registry label, is the finest embodiment of their drone-adelic sound to date."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The more focused pieces effectively set off the looser jams and make Mirror Eye a trip worth taking, if you are looking for what Psychic Ills are offering."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Mirror Eye is just as solid in its own pop culture reductionism as Moon Safari or Before The Dawn Heals Us. Its just that the hooks here are more textural than musical."
Under The Radar,60,"Synths dominate, furthering industrial flavors, with less propulsion and less editing. Both are missed, but still: a decent trip. [Winter 2009, p.78]"
AllMusic,14,"Not everything here fails in such catastrophic fashion, but because the band noodles its way through Mirror Eye's druggy, sitar-laced exercises without any thought towards coherence (or completion), even its few promising tracks feel slapdash and unfinished."

Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Those of us who arent already familiar with these tracks and are getting limited mileage out of Chasnys recent exercises in finely honed border-psych will find that these patient, meditative, sky-minded nocturnes are just what the witch-doctor ordered."
The A.V. Club,80,"RTZ is a must for Six Organs fans and anyone interested in what has since been termed 'nu weird folk.' [Mar 2009, p.123]"
PopMatters,80,"Fans ignore these efforts at their peril, since Chasnys long-form efforts are often his best."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"RTZ helpfully collects together a bunch of Chasny's rare early jams, proving that his eldritch guitar studies--at once intense, devotional and not a little creepy--have remained consistent for a decade now. [Mar 2009, p.103]"
Pitchfork,77,"The collection is a timely, if at times exhaustive, introduction to the Six Organs origin myth."
Slant Magazine,60,"For those who were unable to track down the previously released material, RTZ is a boon (and for vinyl lovers, a feast on triple-gatefold LP). For fans who are mostly accustomed to Chasnys more concise, song-based albums (Dust & Chimes, School of the Flower), it will be slightly flummoxing."
AllMusic,50,"It does not provide an accessible point of entry for the uninitiated. Like the majority of such collections, it will appeal to existing admirers of the artists work. [Winter 2009, p.80]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"In all seriousness, this is an utterly brilliant experiment that is carried out with excellent style."
musicOMH.com,83,"The imprint scores its hat-trick with Ouliposaliva: the entree of Angil and the Hiddentracks, one of the most bizarre/bankable records to air outside of its creators Parisian side-streets."
Q Magazine,80,"This truly is an album you cant just dip into, its a winning concept. And though it may not win millions of hearts, for those with time, its a truly rewarding experience."
Mojo,80,"The result is a twilight world where Robert Wyatt and John Coltrane rub shoulders with Why? and Vernon Elliott. Mad, but quite magical. [Dec 2008, p.81]"
Uncut,75,"What makes this inspirational lyrical gimmick work is the quality of the songs and the sure-footedness of Mottet's approach to sound, a not-so-distant European relative of the Elephant 6 palette."
Pitchfork,60,"Despite the janky piano, dissonant woodwind arrangements, and Angils sometimes abrasive vocal delivery, it all works well. You havent heard this album before, and that is very refreshing."
Almost Cool,60,"While undoubtedly inventive, the album wears thin far too soon. [Winter 2009, p.78]"

PopMatters,80,"Lesser producers would ride out these tracks for eight or nine minutes, rather than the six-minute average here; this producer keeps things tight and ever-developing, never straying into formlessness."
AllMusic,80,"The Sight Below has crafted a magnificent album and EP to help weather the darker nights and snowy days."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Sure, any album that's as all-timbre as this one is going to seem a little one-note. But it's a pretty lovely note."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Gliders majestic 49 minutes sit, despite the percussive knock at the base of most of these tracks, never quite getting up. And then they wash away."
Uncut,70,"Glider is a fitting album for an overcast early winter day--cold and brooding, but not oppressively so."
musicOMH.com,68,"Glider 's derivativeness and inertia put a cap on its capacity to astonish, but it has a protracted shelf life. It's consummate mood music, which goes a long way toward compensating for its shortcomings."

Village Voice,90,"In the end, the album is a fascinating musical thesis that can function with or without its brain intact."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Beautiful, thoughtful, and sad on a grand scale, Fordlandia is nearly as ambitious as the stories it tells, but unlike its source material, it's another success for Jhannsson."
Urb,80,"An ambitiously themed, leftfield, modern classical album that not only impresses, but totally enthrals."
Mojo,80,"With Jhannsson's surety of touch, Fordlndia becomes a wonderfully intense piece of work."
Pitchfork,80,"A work of astonishing beauty with a time travel concept more out-there than Bjork's ever been. [Dec 2008, p.133]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Much looser and more interpretative than its predecessor. [Jan 2008, p.111]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"However dry or highbrow it may sound on paper, Johannsson's melodious symphony of strings, electronics and choral elements is totally accessible and, for most of its 60-plus minutes, achingly lovely. [Jan 2008, p.101]"
Pitchfork,67,"Fordlndia trilogy is simultaneously skillful, gorgeous, and a bit too polished--they're a pristine composition on a record full of them, but it doesn't gel with the messy, self-destructive historical footnotes that inspired them."
Lost At Sea,65,"In the end, there's a fair amount more musical variety on Fordlandia, but at the same time it doesn't hold quite the emotional resonance that past releases from Johannsson have had, largely because the music on the release feels much more obvious."
The A.V. Club,60,"So while Fordlandia may be his prettiest record, its arguably his dullest."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Adamson's heady blend of Odelay-era Beck, Roky Erickson paranoia, cosmic hip-hop, and general Animal Collective weirdness sounds like a train wreck in print, but his knack for odd melodies, stealthy programming, timely pitch-shifting, and macabre (and occasionally hysterical) subject matter helps to keep things consistently interesting throughout Ropechain's easily digestible 45-minute runtime."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its great music and it clearly showcases the fact that Grampall Jookabox should have a steady and successful career ahead of him."
Paste Magazine,80,"What places Ropechain, Grampalls second release for Sufjan Stevens Asthmatic Kitty label, above its emotionally vacant peers is a willingness to trade drugged-out euphoric rambling with tangible anxiety."
Slant Magazine,80,"For all his experimentalism, Adamson never once loses sight of the song. [Dec 2008, p.94]"
Filter,70,"Absurdly entertaining, and quite disturbing, Ropechain will most certainly not be to the tastes of many. But it must be admired for its originality and brain-shakingly ridiculous beauty."
Under The Radar,70,"With Ropechain, the emotional turnaround's reversed: An initial, burning desire to hate everything about this album--the stylistic mish-mash, the artistic blackface, the blah cover art--gives way to wary admiration, even though it's hard to shake the sense that its creator's something of a jerk."
AllMusic,60,"Ropechain is sometimes frustrating bordering on indulgent, but it also depicts, without censorship, Adamsons unique process and point of view."
Billboard,60,"Eccentricity is what defines Grampall Jookabox and their sophomore effort Ropechain, but that doesnt make it any less listenable. In fact, Ropechain has its fair share of fine musical moments that actually benefit from the bizarre tendencies of the group."
Dot Music,60,"Fans of mavericks like Mark Stewart, and indeed Mr. Van Vilet, should investigate. [Feb 2009, p.109]"
Hartford Courant,54,"Good ideas lurk throughout the album, but they either disappear under the weight of too much echo and overdubbing, or get pushed aside as a result of what I'd imagine is either a lack of discipline or dissenting voice during the creative process."

Prefix Magazine,100,"It may end angrily, but when its all said and done, Microcastle is a blissful retreat from the known."
NOW Magazine,100,"But for all the praise it should receive for being the record Deerhunter were destined to make, what will make Microcastle a classic (and this has every right to become a classic) is what the album means to the person listening."
Mojo,92,"Here, the band comes into their own by applying their own inspiringly distinctive, bleakly appealing sensibility to whatever ideas happen to move them."
Spin,91,"Deerhunter have indeed created a masterpiece. While it's not perfect, it has the charm and scope and full realization that was lacking in the band's earlier work."
Sputnikmusic,91,"The bolder sound signals that Deerhunter is now less concerned with the scarring effects of loss, conflict, and the passage of time, and more concerned with the ways to escape those things--even if that escape is fleeting."
The New York Times,90,"Where the split-personality of Cryptograms hinted as much, a cohesive effort on Microcastle delivers the goods in its entirety."
The Guardian,90,"The sounds on Microcastle form a lush landscape."
Magnet,90,"Though Microcastle is hardly straightforward, its an aggressive step toward the mainstream that sacrifices none of Deerhunters woozy adventurousness."
Los Angeles Times,90,"In putting the brakes on their revolutionary impulses to instead embrace old tropes and familiar sounds, Deerhunter has hit upon an endearing, awesome universality."
cokemachineglow,86,"Microcastle shows Deerhunter [sic] progresing with reason, creating one of their best releases yet. [Fall 2008, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The recording is their cleanest yet, but worry not--there's plenty of ambience and guitar noise to be had. [Fall 2008, p.74]"
Blender,80,"Microcastle proves that Deerhunter can make music that sounds very different from what they'd done before, yet still feels of a piece with their body of work."
PopMatters,80,"Another winner full of eerie beauty and restraint."
Dusted Magazine,80,"That rare thing in modern music, you feel Deerhunter grow with each second of song that passes, a band who delight in running under their own graceful steam rather than gasping at the airs of others."
Alternative Press,80,"It's a very consistent record, with lots of wide-open spaces and quivering quietness, and just about every sound seems to fit perfectly exactly where it sits."
Urb,80,"Continuing the convention-defying structure that Deerhunter pioneered with 'Cryptograms,' Microcastle starts slow and spirals into something much larger."
Almost Cool,80,"If youre not up on that stuff, Microcastle may seem like a more impressive creative breakthrough than it actually is, which could explain the gushy reviews."
Q Magazine,80,"Microcastle could be 4AD's best release in well over a decade. [Dec 2008, p.108]"
Uncut,80,"Where Cox's Atlas Sound output is scattered and eclectic, Microcastle, Deerhunter's third album, is focused and consistent."
Hot Press,80,"The placement of certain tracks on Microcastle are an obvious glaring weakness, but one cannot take away the pure execution and quality of the songs."
No Ripcord,80,"In Deerhunters latest songs Mr. Cox sings about time, perception, crucifixion and murder, while the band maintains its gift for realizing just how far a small idea can be carried through repetition and accretion."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Fresh on the heels of his deliciously spooky Atlas Sound solo album, the bizarre and beguiling Bradford Cox outdid himself again on his Brooklyn-based band's third record."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The constant fluidity here makes the albums unpredictability seem grounded and cohesive instead of erratic."
Paste Magazine,75,"Its an excellent indie starter kit for the kids just plucking Loveless out of the bin."
cokemachineglow,74,"Smartly, Microcastle stops short of alienating, an adjective more than a few scribes have lobbed at 'Cryptograms.'"
Pitchfork,70,"On the group's third album, the usually extroverted singer, known for sporting dresses onstage, seems to be withdrawing, embracing a more delicate, acid-dipped sound. Microcastle has only one rave-up, but it's a killer: 'Nothing Ever Happened.'"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Scary. And at times, scary good. [Nov 2008, p.73]"
Almost Cool,70,"By discarding the hazy ambience of 'Cryptograms' and revealing their winsome heart, Deerhunter have rewarded those who applauded their bravery and may even convince the doubters that they are as significant an act as their fans have faithfully prognosticated."
Filter,70,"The music doesnt go far enough--its too restrained and mellow--but the point of view is crystal clear. This is alternative rock clinically perfected in a perpetual adolescence."
musicOMH.com,70,"The richly recorded songs spool out with a natural ease. [Nov 2008, p.154]"
AllMusic,70,"The Hunter may not have bagged a 14-point buck this time around, but Microcastle is still good enough to stuff and mount on the wall."
Blender,70,"Less visceral than 'Cryptograms,' this follow-up shows two sides of a group that still hasn't quite figured out exactly what they want to be."
The Guardian,60,"An intriguingly woozy melange of out-of-focus vocals, feedback squalls and metronomic beats, everything coming together just so on the compelling 'Nothing Ever Happened.' [Nov 2008, p.121]"
Billboard,60,"Much of this album sounds like its been stitched together from 4AD's finest moments. [Dec 2008, p.88]"
Village Voice,50,"Deerhunter's latest features more pop melodies and fuzzy soundscapes, forsaking the raw, intense sound we all love."

PopMatters,100,"Saint Dymphna is truly Gang Gang Dance and no-one else and for that they should be applauded; creating and defining your own sound is a challenge these days that many bands prefer to shirk."
NOW Magazine,90,"It's hip calcified, transformed from posturing into legitimate and exciting experience; it's the channeling of well-defined musical expressions into a more powerful, unified direction."
Under The Radar,90,"Gang Gang Dance, however, have found their voice in a world of retro revivalists and fly-by-night trendhoppers. It's whatever they want it to be, and it's awesome."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"Saint Dymphna is a dangerously sane blueprint for producers trying to capture what 'futuristic' sounds like right now."
Dusted Magazine,89,"There's something downright overwhelming about this disc, whether it's the unremitting playfulness or the way the band pulls together beauty and energy from the oddest of sounds or the way over top they sometimes launch into abstract political commentary."
Spin,85,"Here every sound and beat is laid bare, with no heavy reverb blanketing the songs like fog. The newfound clarity produces neither thinness nor tedium, but simply a direct, unadulterated power."
Slant Magazine,85,"It's rare to find a band with such breadth of vision, and although indie kids might balk at Saint Dymphna's shameless embrace of the dance floor, the rest of us will be lost in its agitated reverie."
Alternative Press,85,"Weird enough to have an edge, but a huge step up in terms of production and song-writing, this is a big move forward from the group."
The Wire,82,"Toggling between scurrying, bleep-spangled instruments and alien FM pop, Gang Gang excels at confounding expectations. [Fall 2008, p.100]"
The A.V. Club,80,"It's their best and most accessible work to date, while somehow not sacrificing any artistic credence."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's easily their most fully realized project to date and rather than simply a pastiche, they've managed to create something that's completely their own."
Uncut,80,"GGDs career has been a gradual climb out of primordial noise muck and toward beats, and album four is their most propulsive."
Q Magazine,80,"A mish-mash, then, but one arranged with exquisite precision."
Urb,80,"Much has been made of the fact that Gang Gang Dance named this record after the patron saint of outcasts and rebels, but this effort shows more crossover potential than anything the act has ever done."
The Guardian,80,"These tracks are meticulously constructed to engulf and consume, making layers out of the Casiocore and stone-drones that contemporaries like Black Dice and Growing use to build careers."
Under The Radar,80,"Gang Gang Dance packages all the previously mentioned genres into a nice little, seamless package."
NOW Magazine,80,"While the record is a solid listen front to back, standout moments include 'Princes,' which features Ghana-London rapper Tinchy Stryder, and the breathless vocals on the ghostly 'House Jam.' Watch for this album to pop up all over year-end best-of lists next month."
Mojo,80,"They've cleaned up and sharpeneding their characteristic compositional sprawl, these tracks inject startlingly approachable vocal melodies and production touches into their usually meditative and marauding grooves. [Year End 2008]"
Q Magazine,75,"Saint Dymphna is the sound of a band of psychedelic dabblers finally getting their shit together."
Pitchfork,70,"Despite the less-successful entries, Saint Dymphna is commendable. There's substantially less chaos and abstractness and more pop quantization, but Gang Gang Dance are still overflowing with ideas."
AllMusic,70,"When the band wraps itself around singer Lizzie Bougatsos' singular shrieks, they ascend to vertiginous heights on 'Holy Communion' and 'Dust Storm,' creating something truly transformative."
Blender,70,"Yet as compared to their previous efforts, the album is surprisingly accessible and at times almost poppy-a valiant attempt at distilling, or translating, the Gang Gang Dance experience into the album format."
Hartford Courant,70,"Dymphna's genre distinctions are more sophisticated and nuanced. [Dec 2008, p.152]"
Alternative Press,70,"It all sounds wonderful, sparkling and glistening. Yet it doesn't make a dent that one might expect. [Oct 2008, p.56]"
Slant Magazine,67,"Saint Dymphna is no easier to categorize than any other GGD record, but it is easier to groove to"
PopMatters,60,"Their fourth full-length begins with what sounds like a Japanese-style folk melody beamed down by synth-wielding aliens ('Bebey'). But soon, vocalist LZA is barking out gibberish verses and enthusiastic sex noises amid heavy club rhythms, and the party's on."
Uncut,60,"The eclectism is exhilarating. [Nov 2008, p.96]"
Spin,60,"Their fourth album proves more than just a trendy daliance, placing them at the cutting edge being honed by Dirty Projectirs and TV On The Radio. [Nov 2008, p.117]"

Prefix Magazine,90,"Missiles is a true testament to meticulous sonic invention. [Nov/Dec 2008, p.85]"
Uncut,80,"They've stripped back their epic indie in favour of ethereal rock, and the result is as complex and beautiful as you'd expect from Montreal's grand miserablists."
Mojo,80,"Missiles is the ultimate non-indie-rock album from the quintessential indie-rock band. [Fall 2008, p.74]"
The Wire,80,"On the Dears fourth album, the Montreal melancholics take simple melodies and spin them into seamless epics."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Lightburn continues to enthral though, his heartfelt, inventive arrangements testament to many questing hours in the studio. [Dec 2008, p.112]"
Pitchfork,80,"Its triumph is in its intimacy and honesty. [Dec 2008, p.134]"
Dusted Magazine,73,"These ill-advised lyrical moments can be perplexing and occasionally frustrating given the amount of care manifest in the Dears' music, but in a strange way they speak to the band's major non-musical strength: an earnestness decidedly lacking in today's indie landscape."
PopMatters,70,"While the rewards are there, the hooks are few and far between, resulting in the kind of overly personal transitory album that can either lay the seeds for a full-blown masterpiece, or render the garden infertile."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The Dears breakthrough was 2004s 'No Cities Left,' a post-apocalyptic expedition through emotional and political wreckage, and theyre still mining that barren landscape, trying to rebuild."
AllMusic,70,"Not every missile here reaches its target, but the older, wiser Dears will remain darlings of all who keep hearts affixed firmly to their sleeves."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Lightburn's musings are best met with equal grandeur--such as the low-key but effective sort Missiles usually provides. [Dec 2008, p.138]"
The Wire,60,"For every interesting and bold move involved in the writing and packaging of Missiles, however, the musical orchestration and production of the record is problematic."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Perversely enough, like a lot of transitional efforts Missiles works the best when it ranges the furthest from the bands established sound without getting overly ambitious."
cokemachineglow,60,"There are epic power ballads, which just manage to avoid faling into Keane/Coldplay territory; there are terriffic, drone-laden stomp-rockers....The use of saxophone, however, is ill-advised, and Lightburn's voice can get a little ponderous. [Dec 2008, p.88]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"When they stay focused and sweet (as on the sparingly orchestral 'Berlin Heart'), they soar. But when Lightburn adds spoken-word bits and berwanky guitar solos ('Lights Off'), ending with an 11-minute, church-inspired requiem ('Saviour'), you may be ready to follow his former band members out the door."
Almost Cool,45,"The Dears left Arts & Crafts and cut their least entertaining album yet, Missiles, deciding to release it through the more populist confines of Dangerbird."

Pitchfork,80,"His debut for Thurston Moore's label is another walk in the forest of heavy psych rock and avant folk, that blurs the boundaries between the timeless and traditional and the tres moderne. [Nov 2008, p.100]"
Uncut,80,"This first widely available release is a superb distillation of the duo's talents. [Dec 2008, p.112]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Just as David Tibet uses English folk to create his own apocalyptic mythos, so Wood takes the bare bones of Americana and makes something personal and timeless. [Oct 2008, p.58]"
Mojo,75,"Theres something deeply captivating about Woods songs, and theyre brought to an appropriate close with a tightly wound sequel (of sorts) to the albums opener, 'Water II.'"
PopMatters,75,"For those who haven't yet heard the band's delicate, experimental free-folk compositions, Hush Arbors is a great place to start and adroitly encompasses all of the Virginia based duo's most engaging qualities."
AllMusic,70,"No massive steps forward, admittedly, but I think Wood can justify exploring this patch of ground for a short while yet."
Pitchfork,70,"This very fine album takes you into the light, points out the lovely view, and encourages you to stay a while."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Its a soothing cushion of chaos, like a bloody valentine, a buzzing saw, and an amazing star exploding into particle dust."

Drowned In Sound,80,"At times, Temper's focus means it doesn't have quite as much sweetly mysterious atmosphere as Pioulard's earlier work, but when the final track, 'Hesperus,' evaporates like waking from a dream, it's proof that there are plenty of moments to get lost in here."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Temper is rewarding in a conventional way compared to the surprise of Precis, less something iridescent found in the sand and more the product of resourceful and masterly design."
No Ripcord,80,"Pioulard's work is a remarkably effortless cohabitation between bedroom electronics and wistful songwriting. [Dec 2008, p.64]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Sometimes wistful and reflective, other times earnest, Temper is always tranquil, concise, and accessible."
musicOMH.com,75,"Its a sad, wonderful tone he creates, but one too shy or just too gracious to stand up for itself."
Q Magazine,75,"Although driven primarily by Meluchs intrepid acoustic guitar, Temper is a many-layered affair, an engaging concoction of delicate electronics, birdsongs, and tape experiments that resonate with impossible harmony."
AllMusic,70,"It's still another unique and often-beautiful release from this young artist, but it doesn't feel quite as invigorating as his debut."
Alternative Press,68,"However disparate its geographic points of reference, Temper is an artistically consistent, tonally temperate, record--depending on your taste, maybe a little too balmy and dispassionate."
Mojo,60,"The resulting hazy acoustic soundscapes are only a soft-shoe shuffle away from Caribou's neo-pyschedelia. [Dec 2008, p.108]"
Pitchfork,50,"Temper, an album that stays the course in terms of facade but for the most part lacks the great songwriting that elevated 'Prcis' above other singer-songwriters."

Sputnikmusic,80,"The sounds that Volker Bertelmann creates with(in) a piano is astonishing. [Oct 2008, p.112]"
Almost Cool,80,"Ultimately, Ferndorf is an achingly beautiful love letter to Bertelmanns childhood, full of natural imagery and deceptively simple compositions unleashing floodgates of emotion."
Under The Radar,80,"Ferndorf's appeal is closest to the work of Bertelmann's FatCat labelmate Max Richter: Richter and Hauschka both have a remarkable talent for honing in on the sweet spot where classical, avant-garde, electronic and pop music meet."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),78,"Ferndorf as a record isn't something to get you hearing music in a new way or an open up a new world, but it does succeed very nicely for what it is."
Lost At Sea,75,"He's here to entertain, and to interpret the memories of his childhood. As such, the music is a gentle stroll, like an idyll walk through the Rothaargebirge, the deep green mountain range adjacent to his hometown for which the Ferndorf is named."
musicOMH.com,70,"Despite the album peaking early, though, there's more than enough evidence here to suggest that Hauschka, thrillingly, is just getting into his stride."
Pitchfork,70,"Ferndorf gains little from its back story but loses nothing without it; to a greater degree than most records of its ilk, it is resolutely what it is."
Almost Cool,70,"It takes the music of Hauschka perhaps into more populist directions, but the experiment and joy still survive."
AllMusic,70,"Its his intensity of focus coupled with an impressive range of motion that gives this album its real strength and maturity."
Drowned In Sound,60,"From this you'll gather that Ferndorf charms and frustrates in equal measure."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Too aimless for the initiated, the likes of 'Barfuss Durch Gras,' a cacophony of clocks unwinding will have dinner party dilettantes spitting their soup. [Oct 2008, p.142]"

The New York Times,90,"The Grails have once more pushed their own sonic terrain, where all that is familiar to them is woven into a gorgeously textured fabric with all that could be envisioned by them at this point in time, with the listener as the true beneficiary."
Under The Radar,80,"Doomsdayer's Holiday shows a band pushing the limits of psychedelic post-rock and testing the boundaries of post-metal. [Dec 2008, p.142]"
Spin,80,"Their full-length follow-up to 2007's 'Burning Off Impurities' is a multi-textured out-rock masterpiece. [Jan 2008, p.101]"
Blender,76,"On Doomsdayer's Holiday, the haze is even thicker, and the album represents a sort of endpoint to their journey: taking place in utter blackness, it is their most alluring and impenetrable trip yet."
cokemachineglow,70,"Doomsdayer's Holiday is certainly a step in the right direction in terms of balancing the eclecticism that marred 'Burning Off Impurities,' and it has some amazing moments, but the album as a whole is too nebulous to be complete nirvana."
Dusted Magazine,68,"There's a lot of great moments here, but is the least consistent album from the group in awhile."
PopMatters,60,"Its ultimately about serving the power of the jam, an aesthetic of which Grails have a solid grap. [Year end 2008, p.82]"

Sputnikmusic,91,"It's Buenos Aires' Gaby Kerpel without irony, maybe even Barcelona's Manu Chao without hooks -- ecstatic yes, escapist no."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"It's fun and light, and even though for all I know he could be singing about the destruction of mankind, it is bursting with joy and happiness."
The Guardian,90,"Whatever El Guincho's debt to Panda Bear, the decision to keep Alegranza! in the mama tongue lends it a genuine other-wordliness unlikely to be found in the well-traversed topography of American music."
Q Magazine,83,"Most of all, it's Daz-Reixa's intuitive feel for rhythm that marks out Alegranza! as such an unusual and enticing listening experience."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),83,"It's the sort of release that will drive some listeners completely nuts simply because of the construction techniques, but it also powers forward with such a giddy energy that it's hard not to get wrapped up in it."
Pitchfork,80,"El Guincho's debut album Alegranza is as bright as the feathers of the parrot, as sparkly as the fireworks, and as warm as the palm trees that adorn the cover."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Pieced together from bits of wreckage, this is music created in glorious isolation, drawing on its own influences to create something just as fresh and just as joyous; drifting out into the ocean on its own shonky raft."
PopMatters,80,"The 24-year-old's debut is a tropical soundclash of spiralling steel drums, looped, gnarled local songs and untrammelled joy."
Urb,80,"The repetition of the loops turns from mechanical to hypnotic to hallucinatory to ecstatic as the songs barrel along."
Lost At Sea,80,"Alegranza! is full of those bewildering moments, and they never seem jarring, thanks to Diaz-Rieixa's deft sense of timing and rhythm. [Fall 2008, p.80]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The joyous problem: All the repitition, all the sunshine, all the sound can get tiring. But the same goes for anything that releases endorphins this ecstatically. [Oct 2008, p.122]"
The New York Times,80,"El Guincho has only himself to get along with, but you'd never know it just listening to his album. [Dec 08/Jan 09, p.78]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"As an amalgam of mind-warping melodies and high-minded concepts, Alegranza! is more than deserving of our praise. Then again, El Guincho could have avoided the albums key missteps by cutting down on the obvious Afrobeat tropes and experimenting more with traditional song-oriented vocals."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Its hard to know what to make of such attention to individual moments in an album so devoted to the overall spectacle; its harder because those privileged moments are spread so sparsely throughout."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Its more than just clever sampling. If not for El Guinchos command of unconventional rhythm, the record could be accused of copping the style of the aformentioned freak-folkers."
Mojo,70,"With Alegranza!, El Guincho takes what could have been a disaster and forms one of the most peculiar, inimitable records of the year."
The Guardian,70,"Its no mistake that the title of this superbly fun album ends with an exclamation point; El Guincho has created an album thats relentless in its ferocious rhythms and beats until the very last track."
Q Magazine,60,"It may lack choruses and convention but the repetition and other-worldliness are mesmerising, and may leave you a little pie-eyed."
Alternative Press,60,"Akin to Manu Chao backed by The Go Team!, fortunately it's no one-off. [Nov 2008, p.117]"

Pitchfork,91,"Elegiac rather than dancey, but elegiac about the preconditions of the dance, it states, sustains, and varies a bracing mood. It even has an ending."
Uncut,88,"He is, to put it bluntly, one of those people who gets it right far more often and in more different ways than your ordinary person really should. Uproot is another one of those instances."
Urb,80,"That global element isnt as prominent on his fourth proper CD, Uproot, but it peaks out in samples and vocal tracks. Indeed, not much on Uproot achieves the outward intensity of a 'club banger,' but perhaps thats a reflection of the current state of bass and break culture."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Uproot oozes self confidence, with effortless mixing of disparate source material. The hour-long record does not seem to run nearly this long, due to the economy of ideas and excellent pacing."
Filter,80,"Even with the occasional miss, the near-violent style-hopping is more than welcome where Rupture is concerned."
Mojo,75,"With his soundbombing past set aside for the moment, DJ/Rupture proves he's just as capable of providing a different kind of head trip, one that sufficiently aids the comedown from whatever your nocturnal activity."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"The album is likely to find favor with clubbers looking for downtempo tunes to soundtrack their comedown. But Claytons knack for unearthing wildly disparate compositions, and seamlessly melding them together, will likely induce a few smiles in the blissed-out warmth of the post-club hours."
Slant Magazine,70,"DJ/Rupture knowledgeably traverses a world of ominous meditations, complete with anxiety about his entitlement as a curator."
Village Voice,60,"This is not going to appeal to a wide swath of people, but DJs who take advantage of the late hours of a petering-out dance party to play dubstep and spacey ambient techno will surely appreciate the vibe here."

The Guardian,80,"Luna isnt for the faint-hearted, fashion-conscious or dull-witted. Kooks fans seeking a challenge should keep exploring the outer reaches of The Fratellis oeuvre. But for people after a patchouli-scented patchwork of thought-provoking musicality, The Aliens have landed."
Dot Music,80,"Luna is a psychedelic delight."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This follow-up to The Aliens' debut 'Astronomy For Dogs' keeps the faith. [Oct 2008, p.109]"
musicOMH.com,60,"'Boats,' which sounds like the sun rising over Laurel Canyon after a heavy night, and the battered, beautiful 'Blue Mantle' make a moving finale to an otherwise frustrating record."
AllMusic,60,"Luna is pleasing rather than groundbreaking. [Oct 2008, p.139]"
Alternative Press,60,"Much of the album is comprised of moiody, softly undulating numbers whose beauty is offset by a frictioness drift which prevents them from truly taking hold. [Dec 2009, p.108]"
Under The Radar,56,"Luna is enjoyable enough to listen to, and a lot of Beta Band followers will find plenty to enjoy here, but it's ultimately an album I didn't like as much as I wanted to, and one that doesn't really find its footing until it's almost over."
Magnet,40,"When ever Gordon Anderson admits to being 'lost inside the chasms of my mind,' therre seems little hope for the rest of us. [Nov 2008, p.87]"

cokemachineglow,90,"The Hawk is Howling is Mogwai at its best."
Lost At Sea,90,"The songs are classic Mogwai, only more sophisticated--and, as such, startling different."
Drowned In Sound,84,"How can Scots with such a wry sense of humor make you believe they are so very, very serious? Sometimes the song titles speak for themselves, almost seperate from the music. [Fall 2008, p.94]"
PopMatters,80,"The Hawk Is Howling finds the Glasgow's guitar army relaxing the taut, economical songcraft of its 2006 predecessor, 'Mr. Beast,' and setting a new standard for irreverent track titles. [Oct 2008, p.102]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Masters at building tension upon tension then gently letting it go, their cyclical instrumentals are both sorrowful and consoling."
Q Magazine,80,"Hawk Is Howling is a reassertion of Mogwai's strengths and testimony that they are still credible and productive."
Uncut,80,"It's a page out of Mogwai grandchildren Ratatat's playbook, and it shows these Scots doing something we haven't seen them do in a while: evolve."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The lyric-free songs are awe-inspiring, yet accessible."
Spin,80,"These 10 songs evolve unhurriedly and, as with all Mogwai's best moments, like time-lapse photography from the heart of a dark storm."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This one is subtle, but very much worth exploring."
NOW Magazine,80,"The Hawk Is Howling is a record that shows Mogwai's lips to be sealed, but speaks volumes about their depth and ingenuity."
Pitchfork,80,"At first, it's tempting to want all of The Hawk Is Howling to be as obviously powerful as its biggest tracks, but with time it reveals itself as one of Mogwai's most masterful blends of delicacy and strength."
The Guardian,80,"There's plenty of classic Mogwai downtempo and hypnotic trance, the likes of which will make you reconsider flippantly using the phrase 'epic as fuck' again. [Oct 2008, p.160]"
Urb,80,"This album kills. [Fall 2008, p.77]"
The Wire,80,"Rest easy, the group that makes you wish youd gone to film school so you couldve built a movie around its expansive instrumentals--works that seem to come rumbling from the molten core of the earth itself--hasnt changed much from the glory days of early albums such as 1997s 'Young Team.'"
Pitchfork,74,"The Hawk is Howling is an immensely satisfying, patient, and expertly crafted album that ranks among their best."
AllMusic,71,"Despite its lack of youthful anarchy, The Hawk Is Howling is an impressive record. Mogwai are among the world's most gifted musical collectives; perhaps they have just been making music too long to want or need to reinvent the game again."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The Hawk Is Howling may not induce the apprehensive anxiety of 'Happy Songs For Happy People' or even match the apocalyptic ambience of 'Rock Action,' but when taken in isolation, even outside of the Mogwai name, it holds its own as Mogwai's first solely instrumental album"
Under The Radar,70,"Mogwai could very well go their entire career without quite making that perfect album, but when everything they put out is this intricate, idiosyncratic, and immersive, its splitting hairs to even care."
Q Magazine,67,"Hawk wades through the electronic textures and the roiling, tentative mood pieces that make Mogwai's weaker tunes logical (if not ideal) soundtrack fodder. The result, unfortunately, is a lot of running in place, when at this point it'd be far more daring to aim skyward."
Mojo,60,"The Hawk Is Howling is similarly impressive [to 'Mr. Beast'], the band's earlier experiments in noise more reined in, allowing a subtle and textured approach. [Oct 2008, p.149]"
Uncut,60,"Fine, but no surprises. [Oct 2008, p.101]"
PopMatters,60,"Using a combination of brilliant textures and powerful, atypical chord progressions, Mogwai paint a picture equivalent to an auto-stereogram, popularized in those Magic Eye books 15 years ago. You almost need to loose your focus to let the music really sink in."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"When they work up a good buzz and growl ('Batcat') or hit a scrumptious riff ('The Sun Smells Too Loud'), Mogwai still take your breath away."
musicOMH.com,60,"The Hawk Is Howling is just an ambiguous mixture of the band's past."
XXL,60,"Not that a few half-baked progressions spell disaster for Hawk, a record that methodically moves from dreamy, lush, introspective numbers to tension and ultimately catharsis in the way Mogwai is close to perfecting."
DJ Booth,45,"Hawk makes marginal stylistic advances that it could stand to omit, and it lightly retreads stuff that needs no recapitulation."

AllMusic,80,"You can go a fair distance without encountering a tune, which is less of a problem when there is something to look at. But even during the occasional longueurs, it's hard not to marvel at the ambition on display here, hard to think of anyone who would dare attempt something similar, and impossible to imagine someone else pulling it off with more aplomb."
RapReviews.com,80,"Monkey: Journey to the West is a testament to Albarn's versatility as a musician and his melodies' ability to avoid becoming losing their power in translation."
Pitchfork,80,"While bound by established conventions, [it] is nonetheless rich and dazzling enough to soundtrack a saga that exists outside the bounds of normal human capabilities. [Oct 2008, p.60]"
Billboard.com,78,"The project still has the feel of an accompanying piece, with titles referencing the dramatization of the Chinese story and plenty of incidental music, but it also works on a satisfying level as an experimental work or as art-pop."
PopMatters,70,"Journey to the West is perhaps best experienced on-stage, as it was meant to be heard in tandem with Chen Shi-Zheng and Hewlett's visuals, but heard as its own work, it's hard not to admire, if not exactly embrace, Albarn's achievement here, as his work is not only ambitious, it is serious and understated, the work of a true composer."
Exclaim,70,"The big question: is it any good? Well, in places."
Rolling Stone,60,"Journey To The West begs to be paid attention to and listened to in one sitting, a remarkable feat for what would in lesser hands feel like a lessoon in culural history. [Fall 2008, p.77]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Shorn of the stunning visuals, a little too much here sounds like aural padding. [Oct 2008, p.149]"
Boston Globe,60,"File under 'brilliantly out-there.' [Oct 2008, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"It probably made for a more interesting theatrical experience than it does standalone album, but if the form--expressive, exaggerated musical drama--is a bit unfamiliar, then Albarn's insidious tunes are not. [Oct 2008, p.101]"
cokemachineglow,50,"Other pop fans are more likely to see through the emperors new clothes and call this for what it is: mostly weak but with a couple of monkey magic moments."
Pitchfork,50,"Albarns thirst for musical adventure is commendable, but unless youre obsessed with his every move or have been dreaming of the day a former Brit pop king fuses the sensibilities of Eastern opera and Western pop, Monkey just doesnt warrant your full attention."
Almost Cool,40,"I was so looking forward to hearing Monkey: Journey to the West, as I'd totally succumbed to its charm in the theatre, but I'd advise anyone approaching this CD to do so with caution, especially if you've not seen it in its glory in the theatre where it belongs."

AllMusic,80,"Despite the albums loaded guest list, T.I. manages to squeeze in enough room to allow himself to shine and tells us why after nearly 15 years deep; hes still a top-tier artist in the game."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Paperwork is at its most compelling when it feels like hes being the most autobiographical."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Bright, big, and Pharrellian, Paperwork still finds T.I. at the center of its well-funded variety show, allowing him to bounce back to his streety Trouble Man persona after schooling all the Iggy's and Macklemore's in such vital uptown slick."
Pitchfork,75,"A typical T.I. album is loaded with singles ready to blow and Paperwork is no exception."
AllMusic,70,"His last record boasted that he was the Trouble Man, but with a clear mind and fewer visible burdens, Clifford Harris has produced his most thoughtful and substantive record in years."
The Wire,70,"While it does have a couple of moments, much of the album sounds like he is just, filling out paperwork."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Working with new producers has opened up his style, his writing, his approach, all in exciting ways. He just might need a more brutal editor going forward."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The production is top notch, Tip is rapping tighter than ever, and clearly knows who and what to work with, but the rare glimmers of originality and risk only further exposes the safeness of this Pharrell-tweaked new T.I. album."
Village Voice,60,"Nothing seems off-limits here."
Filter,60,"Sure, catchy singles such as No Mediocre (featuring Azalea) and About the Money cleave close to the worship of money and compliant hos rife in hip-hop. But intriguing things are afoot here too."
The A.V. Club,50,"The music, executive produced by Pharrell, is inviting, soulful, and sonically inventive (the mournful Light Em Up RIP Doe B is especially impressive). The rhymes and subjects are so stale, though."

Pitchfork,80,"Raglani provides far more texture than either of those forefathers, but never a gratuitous amount."
Drowned In Sound,78,"Awash in grumbling drones and dissonant harmonies, swollen with a tension that rarely finds release, Of Sirens Born is at once terrifying and sublime."
Dusted Magazine,74,"It's a dense, patient work that could only have been made by someone who's done this before."
Hot Press,73,"This one plays out slowly. There's no real rhythms to speak of, and it's easily one of the more harsh releases (at times) that I've heard from the Kranky label in some time."
AllMusic,70,"Joseph Raglani's brief but quite enjoyable five-song effort isn't some sudden new stroke of artistic genius--instead it aims to hit certain strong points and does so well enough that his future work will be worth investigating."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Its a trippy album, but it doesnt trip into too many psych clichs, or perhaps it has fooled me simply by tumbling into all of them."

cokemachineglow,80,"All The Way is quite good; lets hope Growing defy their albums title and live up to their own name by pursuing their clever ideas even further on their next release."
Billboard,77,"They're this close to being a rock band while still sounding like their weird selves, which makes this their most accessible album to date."
Under The Radar,70,"All the Way isn't Growing's best or most essential release, but it's a likable outing and should have no problem appealing to the New Yorkers' hardcore followers."
Village Voice,70,"The overall effect may be part shamanic dance to the thrum of the universe part 1980s arcade game, but All The Way exploits the transcendent powers of both. [Sep 2008, p.50]"
Paste Magazine,50,"Ultimately, though, I cant escape the feeling that theres nothing much at stake in All the Way."
NOW Magazine,50,"Besides sounding more like laptoppers Fennesz and Tim Hecker than proto-drone cousins Sunn O))), All the Way even dips into the glorious filter sweeps of trance music, here twisted toward sonic decay rather than utopia."
Uncut,40,"Despite creating some killer drones in '03 and '04, the duo has been in decline for more than two years now, and the trend continues with All the Way."

Blender,86,"Chemical Chords is yet another kaleidoscope that hits you as ear candy upon first listen, but like most Stereolab records, further inspection reveal a playground for the mind. [Summer 2008, p.97]"
The Guardian,83,"They're editing, giving simple ideas more impact by reducing their exposure, preventing a 'Saturday Night Live' skit from becoming a 'Saturday Night Live' movie."
Mojo,81,"To that end, the whole album has a lightness of touch that makes it sound warm and comfortable, especially after the sad weight evident on the also-excellent 'Margerine Eclipse.'"
PopMatters,80,"That theyve somewhat restricted themselves in the way the record was constructed is also, oddly, a very good thing because its allowed them to strain and work within a framework and yield excellent results."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Chemical Chords is more compact, true, but theyve not lost their character through economy."
Urb,80,"Stereolab learn to stop being boring and love the pop."
Alternative Press,80,"Chemical Chords manages to be even more concisely charming than that album, sacrificing little of Stereolab's distinctive sound for its immediacy."
Blender,80,"Though some of the oddball, art-house tendencies have been lost in this new translation of the bands music, there has never been a better, brighter or more immediately satisfying pop soundtrack to Das Kapital."
AllMusic,74,"this is nothing amazing but after the understandably sombre 'Margerine Eclipse' (2004), the studious 'Fab Four Suture' (2006), and Laetitias cerebral study into duality of the self on 'Monstre Cosmic' (2008), it is refreshing to feel the joy."
Austin Chronicle,70,"While some tunes, like the Columbo-background-music-ready title track, suffer for their weightlessness ('Metronomic Underground,' we miss you), the Motown-meets-Esquivel 'Self Portrait With Electric Brain' and beat-oriented electro of 'Valley Hi!' and 'Pop Molecule' read as exquisitely wrought."
Under The Radar,70,"Chemical Chords is just what the doctor ordered. [Summer 2008, p.84]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Diehards will probably resent their new predictability and homogeneity, but the group's mature phase is capable of generating one hell of a pop album."
PopMatters,70,"On Chemical Chords, theres nothing in the 14 pleasant-sounding tracks that we havent heard them sing about--in breathy, jazz-cat-inflected French--several dozen times before."
Urb,60,"Theyve got the formula down now, so you cant sweat the technique, but it would make for a more engaging spin if Stereolab could mess with the equation now and again."
Mojo,60,"With a new album of the less pop material from these same sessions due later this year, let's hope for some new mutations."
Pitchfork,60,"Endearing hints of '60s pop glow faintly beneath the frictionless surfaces of Gane's loops, chirps and austerely percolating rhythms. [Sep 2008, p.84]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Their trademark Krautrock rhythms are shelved here in favour of Motown and French ye-ye flourishes that bring a schoolgirl enthusiasm to songs such as 'Neon Beanbag' and 'Daisy Click Clack,' rather than the propulsive power they desperately need. Saying that, things never quite get candy-floss cute."
Spin,60,"They return with an eleventh album on which they seem to have distilled every good idea into these 14 short, smart songs. [Sep 2008, p.106]"
Uncut,60,"Chemical Chords is a cute summer record, one thats almost as easy to forget as it is to digest."
Q Magazine,60,"Chemical Chords is a fine album by Stereolab standards, even if it does nothing to improve upon the bands by now all-too-familiar sound."
AllMusic,60,"The tunes are taunt and chipper and the instrumentation is full and flirty as promised. But their tunefulness falls into question with these ears."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It's by far the most readily accessible release in the A&C catalog and heightened the Stills anxieties to pathological levels, like setting bullet points from 'An Inconvenuient Truth' to upbeat tunes. [Sep 2008, p.150]"
musicOMH.com,80,"It's done two good things for the Stills: sharpened their songwriting and returned them after a dull Album No. 2. to the crystalline guitar minimalism of their debut. [Sep 2008, p.84]"
PopMatters,80,"Oceans Will Rise is a return to form for the Stills, who've earned their merit as an experimental group with a strong knack for pop/rock hooks."
Urb,78,"Production seals it all as taut and as giving as speaker mesh."
No Ripcord,70,"Nothing spectacular, but something long-lasting and reliable. [Fall 2008, p.84]"
Under The Radar,60,"The hooks and charm of their epic debut, 'Logic Will Break Your Heart,' were decidedly missing from their 2006 sophomore effort, 'Without Feathers,' but Oceans Will Rise marks a partial return to form for the Montreal quartet."
Mojo,60,"In the end Oceans Will Rise strikes the listener as solid, appropriate, but not really that exciting"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Its a welcome return to vintage Stills, after an attempt at stylistic departure (2006s 'With Feathers') was met with lukewarm critical reception."
musicOMH.com,60,"The Stills still aren't sure of their true identity, but at least those Interpol comparisons are way behind them. [Jan 2008, p.101"
PopMatters,58,"Oceans Will Rise is not a bad album, but it is very much the sound of a band still trying to figure out who they are--and in fairness, they have lost and gained a member since their first record. But three albums into a career, they should have a better idea than this."
Sputnikmusic,55,"On their appropriately (and doomily) titled third album, Oceans Will Rise, Montreal band The Stills address the end of the world in the only way they know how--with marginally catchy, heart-on-sleeve ballads that never hook up with their aspirations."
Rock Sound,50,"Three albums in, the Stills still sound ambitiously confused."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"The Stills remain a little too anonymous. [Dec 2008, p.116]"
Alternative Press,40,"Compentent and glossy, Oceans Will Rise sounds like a lot of effort has been expended for a rather meager retuyrn. [Dec 2008, p.135]"

Pitchfork,80,"Hovering in the shadows comes Apse's Spirit, a mesmerizing album where the shrouded world of Gothic gloom meets the outer stratosphere of space rock."
PopMatters,80,"It requires headphones, or at least some form of solidarity, to enjoy the carefully composed post-rock that only a band like Apse can deliver. It can be a bleak listen at time but this is a beautiful album that should be experienced at least once."
Spin,80,"What impresses most is the flowing musicality, the invention, the subtlety of many of the effects."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Here mystery and calm co-exist somehow with rampant motion, an eye in the storm, a zen stillness amidst all-consuming effort."
The A.V. Club,80,"The album clocks in at nearly an hour but not one second is used in vain since Spirits campfire harmonies and leftfield spurts of drum cymbals go into vortexes that makes time stand still altogether."
AllMusic,80,"They made one of the most interesting records of the year."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Songs build themselves to a frenzy before fluidly merging into the next track, and vocals are chanted more than sung. [Fall 2008, p.79]"
Uncut,60,"Their first full-lengther is a seemless, beat-driven shadowplay, wherein luminescent passages of prog-pop uplift are stalked by eerie, intense atmosphere. [Sep 2008, p.106]"

Village Voice,80,"Of course there will always be some who are sceptical and ultimately dismissive of mainly instrumentally-based, experimental rock albums such as this, and on hearing White Fields And Open Devices I'd say the five members of Vessels are almost certainly among them. Which is exactly why they should be commended on making one of the most forward-thinking, non-generic records you're likely to hear this year."
Urb,80,"The music they weave always, without fail, stays just the right side of pretentious, playing with past conventions and current trends, showing how clever they are without showing off."
Under The Radar,80,"White Fields and Open Devices is positively brimming with ideas, some more innovative than others, but all executed with the flair and assurance of an outfit who have antecedent imitation far from mind."
The Wire,80,"White Fields and Open Devices is simply one of those albums that is well-composed and well-executed."
Pitchfork,70,"Helioscope represents another intriguing release from a band who remain a hugely promising proposition."

Prefix Magazine,88,"Although some may find the noisy rambunctiousness and jarring bursts offputting, Hill imbues Straits with an irresistible playfulness, and his talents as a drummer (and a frontman) will leave listeners dumbstruck."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Hill's first solo outing is a 450 bpm bonanza with 13 tracks of slasher-jazz that are surprisingly catchy and cohesive. [Sep 2008, p.162]"
Alternative Press,69,"At its best, Astrological Straits is a mashup of Liars tribalism, Boredoms bombast, Smell-scene art-punk, Lightning Bolt repeti-grooves, and Frank Zappa prog-overload. All this sonic hyperactivity can be exhausting, and Hill's fondness for effects, especially in his Vocoder-ish vocals, makes some tracks robotic, more like exercises than songs."
PopMatters,60,"Hills vision and aesthetic are strong on Astrological Straits, but hes going to have a hard time pitching this to any large-scale audience."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The first album under his own name is stranger and more varied, a psychedlic/psychotic kaleidoscope worthy of early Animal Collective. [Oct 2008, p.114]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Zach Hill is a talented drummer, with some great ideas, but certain elements of the album just tarnish all of the positives. This album is even unlistenable at moments."

Mojo,91,"On Preteen Weaponry, it patiently carves its own landscape and brews up the weather to go with it."
No Ripcord,80,"The final part finds a midpoint of sorts between the two, with quick, skittering drumming matched by a series of drone and keyboard loops, rhythmic but not explicitly melodic, ending the album on a calmer but no less compelling note and promising quite a lot for the next two entries in the series."
NOW Magazine,80,"It seems nothing can stop them from releasing a good-to-great album each ear, and Preteen Weaponry is another sensation that will likely be taken for granted."
Slant Magazine,80,"A blend of delicate, hypnotic electr-folk and pulsating prog--a tantalizing treat. [Sep 2008, p.99]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Weaponry is essential: a particularly overwhelming headphones album not unlike some of Boredoms' more hypnotic work."
Billboard,80,"As with most album trilogies, this first one is promising."
No Ripcord,80,"This time around they've left the acoustic instruments aside for the most part, and have managed to get closer than ever to capturing the textbook face-melting that is an Oneida live performance. [Fall 2008, p.82]"
Boston Globe,80,"This EP, the first in a projected triptych, shows the group in their best light. [Nov 2008, p.74]"
Almost Cool,75,"Even if Preteen Weaponry is one more left turn out of many in the band's catalog, it nonetheless reaffirms what makes Oneida stand out."
Pitchfork,75,"The incredible ride finishes not with a bang but with a whimper. Preteen Weaponry isn't much more than a 39-minute sonic experiment for a band seeking a new direction, but it's such a mindfuck to listen to, who cares where it ends up?"
The A.V. Club,70,"Preteen Weaponrys psychedelic rout may be far from their finest hour, but it serves to remind all that these jesters should belong as part of the furniture."
AllMusic,70,"'Part 2' is the album's most intense track, 'Part 3' is it's most intriguing. [Sep 2008, p.150]"
NOW Magazine,70,"It makes Preteen Weaponry a very hate-it-or-love-it effort, although Krautrock/comische music/whatever exactly you want to try calling this thing is rare and outr enough that it shouldnt be very hard to know if youre going to like it."
Spin,63,"Oneida have always been a thick stew of different influences, but usually with a dash of originality to bind it together; Preteen Weaponry never rises above pastiche. Nevertheless, the bands hypnotic drone sweeps through the album like a swift current  its enough to generate anticipation for their future travels."
Under The Radar,60,"Oneidas chemistry alone isnt enough to make modest material effloresce."
Drowned In Sound,60,"On its own perhaps a little on the skinny side for a new Oneida full-length, but as an appetiser ffor the triptych's next instalment--due early next year--this'll work just fine for now. [Sep 2008, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,60,"The intensity of its stylistic approach leaves it feeling nothing short of a musical dissertation as it side-steps melodies, bridges and verses from the get-go."
Hot Press,40,"For everybody else, an album of atmospheric repetitions and meandering jams  likely wont be overly exciting."
Q Magazine,30,"Presumably the climax of the whole stumbling, stoned expedition arrives about halfway through the latter half, when some synthy Gregorian chant-style vocals trudge into the mix for a few seconds, but by the time the album reaches its dingy conclusion and fades back into feedback loops and distant alien static noises, Oneida seems to have inadvertently demonstrated only one thing: that, dude, having, like, rad conceptual ideas and high aspirations does not a good album make."

Mojo,80,"The music on Something for All of Us is focused, melodic and utterly impressive. Not only does it sound terrific but it sounds like it was a complete pleasure to make."
Uncut,80,"More fun and more listenable than anyone could have expected."
cokemachineglow,80,"The latest in a series that's now produced two very good albums, Something For All Of Us... succeeds on many levels and is a testament to Brendan Canning as a solo songwriter and not just as a member of a very succesful band."
Almost Cool,80,"Canning's effort, however, is a bit of a departure, as he assumes the mostly unfamiliar lead-vocalist role. It suits him well."
Pitchfork,80,"Although it's loud in places, it doesn't sound as overstuffed as the past couple releases from the group, and that's a nice change."
The A.V. Club,75,"Mostly, Something lives up to its everyman title by removing the truly heart-pounding moments of a BSS record and replacing them with a sense of community, easy friendship, and a kickass guitar pedal collection."
AllMusic,75,"Even if it's a challenge to get to know any of these tracks individually, most reward the effort, making sense of what initially sounds like a frivolous mess."
PopMatters,70,"Something for All of Us... manages to connect without really saying much, which is tough to pull off, even for a veteran of one of the underground rock league's most beloved teams."
Village Voice,60,"Great sleepy Sunday-afternoon music, but it could have been more than that."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Canning's murmuring vocals are more intriguing than engaging, so the album's most memorable qualities are hidden in songs that just tend to drift off."
PopMatters,60,"Throughout, Canning aspires to the rousing anthems that have made Broken Social Scene one of the best acts of the last decade, but he falls short. Hes certainly not a lemon in the BSS product line; hes just an underwhelming model. [Summer 2008]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Something For All Of Us isn't going to change anything for any of us--Canning will go back to doing whatever it is he does in Broken Social Scene, Drew will remain its fire eye'd leader, and the Presents... series is profoundly unlikely to shift a single unit to anyone not already a BSS fan. But in his own quiet way Canning has both proved and defined himself."
The A.V. Club,60,"Canning's voice is not the strongest--indeed, it often stays buried deep down within the mix--but if you're a fan of Broken Social Scene, you'll know that it's atmosphere that's all important. Which is something that Something For All Of Us has in spades."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"The second in command of the good ship Broken Social Scene, for quite some time hes been in the shadows of the bands co-founder Kevin Drew."
AllMusic,60,"Something... is sumptuously produced art-rock, heavily influenced by Sonic Youth and Dinosaur, Jr., but presented with a fresh-faced optimism. [Sep 2008, p.141"
Billboard,60,"It's all tenderly delivered and definatly indie--both sonically and spiritually. [Oct 2008, p.113]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Canning's default setting is a distorted, drone-laden, melodic indie rock that recalls My Bloody Valentine or Sonic Youth, but he also goes off on some interesting tangents. [Oct 2008, p.81]"

Spin,84,"Maybe thats the real spiritual value of the album: rather than impress their personal convictions, the band acts as a conduit for all these forces to combine and radiate like a prism."
Q Magazine,83,"Paavoharju have put together an entrancing second release."
No Ripcord,83,"Laulu connotes this youth, motion, and playfulness in various states of repair and construction, and it does so by alternating well-formed, multi-faced pop songs with abstract head-scratchers, each component as warmly evocative and strangely necessary as the last."
Alternative Press,83,"group functions as a collective led by two born-again Christians, but the sounds they make suggest Christians of an extraordinarily mystical sort."
Uncut,80,"Other songs like the sea-shanty-goes-Jacques Brel 'Italialaisella Laivalla' and the more openly indie-pop 'Tytto Tanssii,' with its guitar lope and synth-horn break floating over a softly rumbling cloud of melancholic, echoing textures, further add to the understated but enjoyable variety of a fine album."
Blender,80,"Laulu Laakson Kukista is an almost perfect example of a band moving forward without forgetting what it was that made them loveable in the first place, of how to make music with a wider appeal without sacrificing the reason people were paying attention in the first place."
Pitchfork,80,"It's chaotic, but extremely beautiful and endlessly fascinating."

Dusted Magazine,90,"Of all the bands in the rock canon, Wire may be the best embodiment of the term forward-thinking that is so vogue nowadays, and Object 47 keeps with the mantra with stunning results."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Wire is a great band who have often been daunting to approach, so the really dazzling thing about Object 47 is just how approachable and digestible it is."
Under The Radar,85,"Object 47 does an excellent job of making a leap toward the avant-pop side of the pop/punk wire walked byuhWire on 'Chairs Missing' and '154.'"
The Guardian,83,"That misstep ['Patient Flees'] aside, no band mocks harder, and Object 47 is a smartly sardonic piece of work on par with Wire's late-'70s heyday."
Mojo,83,"Deprived of Bruce Gilbert's guitar, these fractious lifers return to and improve on their dance-rock '80s."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Object 47 highlights Wire's pop credentials, but the band hasn't lost its edge."
AllMusic,80,"Object 47 is at once warmly familiar as Wire yet not a 'return' to any particular sonic period in the group's convoluted history."
Boston Globe,80,"At 35 minutes long, Object 47 is the perfect length: short, to the point, and boasting some of Wire's most vital music."
The New York Times,80,"Scuffed-up and brainy, Object 47 finds Wire still beguiling after all these years."
Village Voice,80,"Pleasingly, this is the Wire's best new music since their glory days in the late '70s. [Aug 2008, p.145]"
PopMatters,80,"Object 47 is proof that Wires edge remains as sharp as ever."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The serrated serenades of Object 47 offer all the compact joys of past Wire classics like '154' and 'Chairs Missing,' but amplified and digitalized for the internet age. [Sep 2008, p.149]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Their first album without guitarist Bruce Gilbert draws on their strength as writers of nuanced pop, producing, in the mellow rumble of 'One Of Us,' 'Mekon Headman' and Perspex Icon,' a few more for the next Best Of."
Billboard,80,"Even when the Wire slow way down, their densely layered riffs reward wall-shaking volumes. [Oct 2008, p.83]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Even when the vocals are being run through processors and the guitars are distorted, it still feels managed, and a lack of high-range makes it inviting and easy to listen to even at its noisiest."
Pitchfork,60,"Various people have tried to explain to me why I find Object 47 so frustrating.... My inclination is to forget all that and just play the last four tracks over and over."
AllMusic,50,"Object 47 is not a horrible record; it just isnt all that good. It has none of the flare found on the bands trilogy of classics and is never quite able to free itself from not-so-desirable labels like bland and unchallenging."
Drowned In Sound,50,"The album has a very sterile feel to it, almost as if the members all recorded seperately and then mailed their contributions in to be mixed together. [Fall 2008, p.85]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Wire have consistently proclaimed a dedication to looking forward, yet many of the dance-rock collisions here seem rooted in the late 1980s/early 90s."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"Neither sparkly nor weird enough. [Sep 2008, p.110]"

Sputnikmusic,100,"Humor, melody, and weirdness rule, and that makes Ceramic Dog lighter than both Ribots Los Cubanos Postizos Afro-Cuban band and his aggro-noise outfit Shrek."
Urb,90,"Party Intellectuals is easily Ribot's most fun album to date and one of his best."
PopMatters,80,"More than ever, Ribot's creativity and versatility astound, confound, and frighten."
Spin,80,"The musicianship is intense regardless of the subtext, with all three players hurling themselves into their effort. They have an equally convincing way with bruising thrash punk, one-chord-vamp heroics and brooding atmospherics."
The Wire,80,"No surprise, Ribot's versatility as a guitarist is the main draw here."
cokemachineglow,70,"While a lot of the tracks on Party Intellectuals delight in ripping conventions apart (or, in the case of those epic tracks, deliriously attempt to discover some new ones), most also allow for some truly batshit crazy guitar solos by Ribot."
Prefix Magazine,70,"At times, Party Intellectuals is as close to a straight raw rock sound as Ribot has come, though this record is all about uncorking a heavy dose of his improv/punk/soul/noise/free-jazz vocabulary, with some drone, some Moog, a little Latin, and a little blues tossed in."
Uncut,70,"Only after the shock of genre and time warping wares off does the albums real beauty become apparent."
The A.V. Club,50,"Party Intellectuals contains enough noise and/or dead space to ruin the flow of many an iPod shuffle, but experimental jazz or avant-garde fans should find enough here to sink their teeth into."
Sputnikmusic,30,"In the end, Ribots considerable talents are sadly lost among 12 disjointed tracks that range from out-of-place cacophony to irritating clich."

PopMatters,85,"With its accomplished fusion of debris and warmth in a place somewhere between b-boy head-nod and laptopper experimentalism, Los Angeles is a big step forward for a still-young career, an album well worth revisiting years from now--preferably on vinyl, where the pops and clicks can only multiply."
Pitchfork,80,"Loaded with 17 tracks, it's an entertaining and fitting addition to the Warp catalog that makes for some highly hypnotic video arcade/coffee parlor mood music."
AllMusic,80,"The record is almost as seamless as it is engaging, and it subtly commands your attention from start to finish."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There is a coherent sound throughout the albumpsychedelic electro-hop perhapswhile each song develops fruitfully without ever being dragged out."
Mojo,80,"It's an inventive reimagining of hip hop with huge basslines underpinning the otherwise cinematic atmosphere."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Flying Lotus has once again proved that he is an artist that can consistently reinvent himself and make his new sound just as effective as it was before"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Los Angeles is a beautifully complex and widespread full-length from one of LAs most creative and perceptive music producers."
Uncut,80,"Its a gritty, spacey, and ultimately beautiful record that is sure to give Flying Lotus some much-deserved attention."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Flying Lotus' spaced-out visions are the album's trump card, a computerized mesh of hip-hop beats at dub-like tempos."
cokemachineglow,80,"He's come up with a debut album that combines vaulting ambition, real musicality and a deceptive deftness of touch. [Jun 2008, p.47]"
NOW Magazine,77,"Assured in its fastidiousness, with enough schizophrenia to make whiplash a factor, Los Angeles cements Flying Lotuss status as the best producer in a burgeoning scene bursting with talent, categorization eluding whatever scene that may be, whatever it means to be a producer."
Pitchfork,65,"It does manage a nice arc in terms of overall pacing, with some interesting though not entirely successful vocal works at the end (Testament and Infinitum). Yet the album feels a bit too similar for how crowded it is."
PopMatters,60,"It is, like LA itself, heavy on style. [Sep 2008, p.88]"

Uncut,100,"Life isn't easy listening (the anvil-heavy ballad 'Roses' alone could drive the clinically depressed to suicide), but the improved contrast between upbeat and harrowing makes Harvey Milk's extremes that much easier to appreciate."
Under The Radar,90,"Theres not much else to say that you shouldnt already know: thick, melodic and endearing, Life...The Best Game in Town is essential listening."
musicOMH.com,90,"Its a grim journey, and often creepy as hell, but its by no means depressing. Mediocre music is depressing. This stuff is exhilarating."
The A.V. Club,86,"The best executed Harvey Milk album to date, and one of the most accomplished metal records you'll hear this year."
AllMusic,80,"Life... showcases a band that has carefully refined its sound, creating an album that is daring and experimental enough for longtime fans, but accessible enough for anyone looking to discover one of Athen's heaviest bands."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Here, all percussion devastates; it pounds away at the insides of Life The Best Game In Town like a beast caged, packed ready for shipping. Let it loose and all hells coming your way."
Magnet,80,"The 10 songs here complements mainman Creston Spiers' whisper-to-howl vocals with startling dynamic shifts. [Sep 2008, p.106]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Life has a wholly predictable uniqueness."
PopMatters,60,"All jokings aside, this record is downright GNARLY despite its hang-ups, impossible to wash from the soul and probably the thickest, grittiest substance you ever did see."
Alternative Press,60,"While they are at their most comfortable when laying down the ZZ Top meets Black Flag hardcore boogie of 'Skull Socks and Rope Shoes,' it's difficult not to be charmed by their wit, style and salute to Southern rock. [Sep 2008, p.89]"

Spin,90,"Album two may see an outline of refinement established, but for now their doldrums meanderings are more exhilarating than many acts most-accomplished must-haves, making this a two-from-two contender for a top-ten year-end finish."
Under The Radar,80,"For all its maximalist glory, DISCO is remarkably nuanced, minor elements seamlessly shifting in and out of frame behind the compositions vibrant foregrounds."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Totally cohesive and thoroughly bangin."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Never merely meager, this project delivers, both when you're waving your orgy-snorkel all blotto on-the-town, and for a soundtrack to serious rumination at your midday desk of harsh reality."
AllMusic,80,"HEALTHs brand of joy is a sinister one, and HEALTH//DISCO brings that to the forefront in all its wild-eyed glory."
PopMatters,80,"A facinating treatment, and really rather groovy. [Sep 2008, p.89]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"This cohesive, up-tempo, synth-heavy series of interpretations manages to mirror the original's diversity of approach. [Summer 2008, p.94]"
The New York Times,60,"Undoubtedly it's a very effective dance record, and in a club everything here would sound great. As an album, though, HEALTH//DISCO is encumbered by the very tracks that have birthed it."

Uncut,83,"Boo! Human is a tough listen that just gets tougher. But the window Kinsella opens into his bruised soul almost reads like a mea culpa, some twisted kind of penitence for two decades of cryptic, evasive lyrics."
Mojo,80,"The sound is fleshed out much more than Joan of Arc has been for some time, and it's an easy album to be affected by  at least for fans of confessional post-rock, Chicago style."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Its rare for musicians to age so gracefully (and regardless, no one in Joan of Arc is really old either), and yet here one finds the band mellowing a bit from the over-exuberance of their early output while still retaining the ability to engage and be inventive."
Under The Radar,70,"Boo Human is far from cohesive, but the playing is sharp, sympathetic and strong enough to create poetry out of everyday desperation."
Magnet,70,"A testing album like Boo Human is in due course enjoyable because of Kinsellas impressive musicianship and work ethic."
Pitchfork,60,"Boo! Human is a solid return to form(lessness)."
Filter,60,"While Boo! is far less indulgent than JOA's most experimental records, it remains a far cry from Kinsells's earliest work in the mid-90s emo forefathers Cap'n Jazz. [June 2008, p.131]"
Lost At Sea,60,"Thanks to frontman Tim Kinsell's pleasantly dispassionate delivery, an ambient coherence permeates the tunes, a quality that's both comforting and numbing. [July 2008, p.98]"
Spin,50,"Questionable lyrics and grating vocals aside, this is the most cohesive and accessible album the band has ever assembled. [Summer 2008]"

The Wire,100,"After a few listens, the entirely synthetic remainder that is Supreme Balloon is not merely a relief but a delight. If anything, the limitation of having no limitations has revealed Matmos as more skilled, stylish, and sculptural here than on any of their past releases--not to mention versatile."
Q Magazine,90,"In synthesizers, Matmos have found their hearts; through old Cluster records, theyve created one of the most pleasant surprises of the year."
NOW Magazine,80,"While The Supreme Balloon's nostalgic synthetic playground is a smaller statement than some of Matmos' other albums, it's still a strong one."
The A.V. Club,80,"I am generally for shorter albums, so its to Daniels and Schmidts credit that I actually wish the brief (47-minute) Supreme Balloon was a double album."
cokemachineglow,80,"Ultimately, it underscores everything thats right with Supreme Balloon--in the absence of any larger narrative structure, the groups latest album afford them the chance not to be modern theoreticians par excellence, but rather a couple of earnest music fans that convey their own passion through the sounds they create."
The A.V. Club,80,"The old gizmos and low-res sounds bring out Matmoss sense of humor in cartoony tracks that go blipping and snorting along in bouncy 4/4, coming up with a new sonic rib-tickler every few bars."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Supreme Balloon adds up to the duo's most consistently enjoyable albums yet. [June 2008, p.98]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Supreme Balloon is an airy sphere of joyful electronic possibility. [June 2008, p.103]"
PopMatters,80,"This application of the synthesizers capabilities across styles and time periods allows Matmos to explore their music through a more purely compositional aesthetic -- and, with any luck, theyll be remembered for this just as much as for their experimental leanings."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Its an incredibly warm and playful new record that pays homage to Vangelis, Wendy Carlos, Perrey & Kingsley, and a host of other synth pioneers with Moog, ARP, Korg, and Roland-driven pieces. [Summer 2008]"
The Wire,80,"Daniel and Schmidt have created a peculiar album that reminds us of the majesty contained in vintage machinery."
Pitchfork,75,"In the end, those appearances [by Keith Fullerton Whitman, Jay Lesser, and Sun Ra Arkestra's Marshall Allen] point to the album's only downside, which is the nagging sense that there's too much straight homage/pastiche and not enough of Matmos' considerable cleverness on display. Ultimately, though, it's a minor quibble."
Dusted Magazine,72,"Supreme Balloon is homage to a certain tendency in electronic music practically dating back to its inception--one which Matmos most proudly, and justly, belong. [Spring 2008, p.97]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Supreme Balloon's vintage synthesizers and basic drumbeats make for the least sonically varied of Matmos' recent albums."
Village Voice,70,"Although they're purely instrumentalists, Matmos can too, with a charm that sets the laptop duo apart from lesser lights for whom chilly beats and icy synths are ends in themselves."
Spin,70,"Getting the full measure of this quickly hermetic collection depends considerably on how you shuffle and deal formats. [May 2008, p.57]"
cokemachineglow,60,"The results remain defiantly out of the ordinary. [June 208, p.145]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Much of their bubbly futuristic synth music goes no deeper than what youd hear in old TV Ontario science shows. Cute but disposable."
Under The Radar,58,"The songs are generally jubilant, as signaled by the whirring synth giggles and quasi-Cuban bassline in 'Rainbow Flag,' but also slight in a way that suggests much of Supreme Balloon would have been a lot more fun to make than it is to listen to."
Alternative Press,56,"Inoffensive, largely listenable, and accessible, the album is still stunted, and so never reaches the peaks of 'The Civil War,' still their best and most fully formed effort."

Drowned In Sound,91,"The four-track EP hints back at last year's Strawberry Jam, but the songs are more melodic and spacious--more patient in making way for whatever drifts in."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Awesome offcuts."
AllMusic,80,"Yet another must-have for Animal Collective fans."
Magnet,80,"Simply put, its fantastic."
Pitchfork,80,"Water Curses is fantastic because it can serve multiple purposes and it isnt an EP that only fans will enjoy."
The A.V. Club,80,"While the tracks appear softer edged, they share 'Strawberry Jam's' tangy, bitterweet flavours. [May 2008, p.49]"
PopMatters,73,"While Water Curses is plenty enjoyable on its own, it also sets you dreaming about where Animal Collective will go next."
Sputnikmusic,70,"While aesthetically they are rather progressive (in indie rock or pop terms), conceptually and symbolically there is a lot lacking, and that this conflict drives a lot of what is interesting in their music."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Ultimately, what were left with is an EP built around a great pop song, two good ones, and a throwaway."
AllMusic,70,"By submerging listeners gently, Water Curses never goes off the deep end."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The title track is a garrulously burbling treat, but the piano-led whale song 'Seal Eyeing' reveals the group as comfy at the deep end of their sound pool."
Delusions of Adequacy,69,"Here is a great band putting out a just pretty good EP whose existence is really only justified by its brilliant title track."
Pitchfork,60,"Water Curses sits just shy of being worth the price of admission, even if the individual tracks are."
Alternative Press,50,"Few bands can build more out of disparate parts than Animal Collective; theyre like The A-Team of music, fashioning something useful out of a pile of junk. Sometimes, however, they find too much pleasure in leaving the mess a slightly spruced-up mess and burying their tuneful sensibilities. [Summer 2008]"

Hartford Courant,80,"Russian Circles certainly haven't lost their edge. [June 2008, p.133]"
NOW Magazine,80,"These wandering riffs, devastating drum rolls and rollicking motifs will stick with you, but primarily to serve as an appetite-whetting taste of where their makers may venture next."
Spin,80,"Its a lot less singular than its predecessor, but that makes it a more directly exhilarating experience."
Uncut,70,"The bottom line is that this diversity is not a lack of focus, but growth and development that make the band stand out from the pack, making the effort to spin this a few times yield very big rewards."
Mojo,70,"Though Station only gets fully cranked twice (the Battles-esque title track, the explosive 'Youngblood'), Turncrantzs surefooted playing will keep your interest from flagging."
cokemachineglow,69,"Post-rock's forte is letting instruments speak for vocals. Russian Circles speak articulately, but could stand to roar a bit."
AllMusic,67,"For fans of Russian Circles' heavier predilections, Station might be a little boring; the band has grown stingier with the bombast, which in turn means less excitement--Russian Circles are most impressive when they rock out."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"As subversive as Russian Circles can be structurally, sonically, Station is less distinct than 'Enter.'"
The Wire,60,"Thats the biggest problem with Station: its not a bad record, it just tries to be too gargantuan for its own good."

Prefix Magazine,90,"It seems that Blue Lambency Downward while sonically easier to comprehend has become Kayo Dot's most diversely opinioned album."
Pitchfork,80,"It will take a minimum of several spins all the way through to even try to grasp all that's going on here. It's fair to say that perhaps you shouldn't have to work that hard, yet there is no real work involved; there is only delight, amusement, humor, and sometimes awe."
Sputnikmusic,70,"So while Blue Lambency Downward may not be punk in body, its certainly filled with that same defiant spirit."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Blue Lambency Downward is best played in the background of your day. When it becomes interesting (and it will many times), your ears will perk up and youll be impressed. For the slow and boring intervals in between, feel free to focus on something else."
Prefix Magazine,33,"Lambency's lack of contrast and its vacuum of irresolution are only symptomatic of the record's holistic problem: there's not much memorable to grab onto."

Filter,90,"To call this 'sunstroked desert hallucination mood music' sells it short. It actually transforms the atmosphere of the space in which it's played. [June 2008, p.132]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Smile is one of the better heavy releases this year, and one of the best in the band's extensive catalog."
AllMusic,80,"Near the albums close, the psychedelic insanity of Ka Re Ha Te Ta Sa Ki is a whirlwind of pounding drums, circular chanting, spasmodic guitar noise and violent soloing that perfectly exemplifies Smiles fusion of panicky, heavy abrasiveness and lush, melodic and dreamy sprawls."
Alternative Press,80,"More hooks (and cowbell) make Smile the band's most accessible album, but Boris haven't softened. [May 2008, p.94]"
Paste Magazine,80,"A cover of 'Flower Sun Rain' by '70s Japanese supergroup Pyg sounds like the Super Furries, while a 16-mkinute doom jam with SunO)))'s Stephen O'Malley is as titanic as you'd hope. [May 2008, p.91]"
Pitchfork,80,"Smile finds them advancing that set melodic agenda and playful rearrangement of classic rock DNA. [June 2008, p.109]"
Under The Radar,74,"The inherent awesomeness of Boris is essentially intact."
The A.V. Club,70,"While the American Smile is a worthy follow-up to Rainbow and Pink, it's the Japanese version of the album that makes it a masterpiece."
PopMatters,70,"While Smile may be inarguably more accessible than their previous releases, it still has enough cloaked treasures to keep the diehards interested."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A comfortable listen, occassionally diverting, but by no means a groundbreaking album. [May 2008, p.51]"
Village Voice,70,"Here the hairier, dronier doom aspects of the bands sound have here largely been put on hold to focus on songs, and the results are the sort of mixed-bag of serious stunners and unfocused ideas that we might expect from a superbly talented and intelligent band trying to eke out a new path in the wake of a defining album."
Boston Globe,64,"Smile is their exquisite-corpse sequel, a near-automatic exercise in drawing inspiration from anybody but themselves."
Hartford Courant,60,"Smile does have it's special moments, but the problem is that they never amount to anything better than the star parts on their previous efforts."
Blender,40,"Though excellent in brief parts, much of the album is still worrisome, at times specifically seeming to document a band running out of steam."

Austin Chronicle,90,"Rabbit Habits struck me most where it rescues the jazziness that's sorely missing from 2006's 'Six Demon Bag.' At the same time, though, the band continues to develop some productive tendencies from that sophomore outing."
cokemachineglow,86,"While the band still has its head in the clouds, or beyond, it has made its finest, most listenable album to date. [Spring 2008, p.98]"
NOW Magazine,83,"They're brainy about their alienation, they're funny about their alienation, and when they bitch about their relationships their post- or pre-alt normality is exceptionally refreshing."
Q Magazine,80,"It's still not exactly accessible, but it's their easiest listen to date, and a damn amazing and amusing one, if you're feeling creative."
Uncut,80,"Peeling back the layers of boom-zydeco and soulcholia on songs like 'El Azteca' and 'Easy Eats Or Dirty Doctor Galapogos,' you'll find a ramshackle genius in the bans's new wave kitchen-rock. [May 2008, p.134]"
Spin,80,"They are what rock n roll is meant to be and, frankly, what most rock bands have forgotten altogether: These songs are fun."
The A.V. Club,80,"Habits has little to apologize for, no serious blemishes or ill-advised shifts in direction."
AllMusic,80,"Man Man seem to have captured that energy [in live shows] on their third, and best, album. [Spring 2008, p.78]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"Rabbit Habits strikes a similarly winning equilibrium between quirk for quirk's sake and pure, bacchanalian abandon."
Sputnikmusic,70,"After a boisterous first half, the backside of the album is a spiraling descent toward a grim and decimated collective soul. Its both frightening and strangely captivating."
cokemachineglow,70,"Although the production isnt what it would be if my dreams were made reality, Rabbit Habits is a respectable re-creation with chops cookin allova the place."
Almost Cool,70,"Rabbit Habits, the Philadelphia group's first for Anti-, turns down the amps, reduces the Jolt intake, and generally bids for newfound maturity and restraint. The surprise is that it mostly works."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The exhumed-vaudevillian theatrics are still here, but by now they're starting to sound almost natural."
Prefix Magazine,70,"By and large, though, the players justify their flightiness."
Under The Radar,70,"The tunes are basically chants and the drumming is more straight-ahead than 'tribal' and when the vibraphone trips in after 40 seconds of 'The Ballad of Butter Bean,' you may not bust a gut laughing, but you'll probably grin. [June 2008, p.75]"
Filter,67,"The album's visual, an indie rock show tune on shrooms, but it's just difficult to take seriously hairy men smeared in war paint incoherently singing."
Spin,61,"If straightforward pop songs are what they seek, tightening up the rhythm section is absolutely essential, though here theyve overstepped the line between tightening and dumbing down completely."
Mojo,60,"The whole idea of Philly fruitcakes Man Man releasing an album that sounds like a dusted deconstruction of Tom Waitss Swordfishtrombones--complete with grumbling old man affectations--on the same label that releases albums by Waits is too much of a nutty coincidence not to be a cockeyed po-mo parody."
Pitchfork,60,"With its grunted refrain and tinkling xylophone, this strange group manage to out-weird even Waits himself. [May 2008, p.141]"
PopMatters,60,"Their approach is eclectic, esoteric, and not easy on the ear, though it does have a restless energy which suggests it might work better live. [June 2008, p.97]"
Alternative Press,40,"Lacking a balance between pretty and ugly, their experimental alchemy is scabrously tiring, with cacophonous fragments that never connect. [Apr 2008, p.100]"

Pitchfork,91,"Today's politically charged songwriters can drop coy manifestos and clever metaphors all they want--Silver Mt Zion's 13 Blues actually flushes out the psychic, karmic residue of a suicidal civilization just to stomp around in all that apocalyptic plasma."
Almost Cool,90,"Silver Mount Zion were already way ahead of many of their contemporaries, but 13 Blues for Thirteen Moons sees them blazing past even further, up and away, to some unexplored, perhaps dangerous, but tremendously exciting new horizons of artistic expression."
cokemachineglow,90,"13 Blues scores 10 in almost every sense, but to award such an accolade would imply this is a record never to be bettered."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Overall, 13 Blues for Thirteen Moons shows A Silver Mount Zion at their hardest rocking, their most powerful, and their most irritating."
Mojo,78,"The destination is certain in the screamers mind: he asks his band to draw up the new maps, and they do. On this level, 13 Blues for Thirteen Moons may be the most satisfying record the Silver Mt. Zion project has yet done."
musicOMH.com,70,"It's not their best work to date, but it definitely taps into a deep well of both anger and despair."
Urb,70,"The band still knows how to move gracefully over the duration of long pieces and flash occasional glimpses of that once unrivaled crescendo toward catharsis. But on 13 Blues, it seems like SMZ are more interested in making their own movie than just providing a backdrop."
Uncut,70,"Though heavy-handed lyrics and ominous proclamations can be tiresome and often too taxing on the arms of music that bears them, the sheer artistry of SMZ makes the bands messages endurable."
Village Voice,70,"Menuck's burning poetry and admittedly tiny voice are strong assets. [Spring 2008, p.84]"
Sputnikmusic,66,"In this Patriot Act climate, where tear-gassing protesters and tazing collegians have become customary security measures, stirring irritation seems only proper. [Winter 2008, p.97]"
PopMatters,60,"The Montreal group has never sounded so desperate or epic as on their fifth album's four earth-scorching, quarter-hour compositions."
The Wire,60,"Efrim Menuck's off-key wail remains an acquired taste, but there's undeniable collective commitment. [Apr 2008, p.112]"
Dusted Magazine,52,"Overall, it's this sense of forced importance that makes the album no fun: You feel like it's meant to do something to you, not for you."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Expect to be challenged by 13 Blues for Thirteen Moons, but dont expect ever to be truly excited by it."
Under The Radar,40,"This doesn't say the labum doesn't have its moments, but when you consider the amount of time and patience it takes to get to tthat point, it's hardly worth the payoff. [Apr 2008, p.153]"

Sputnikmusic,86,"Sounds and ideas repeat constantly, yet Street Horrrsing never feels redundant."
The A.V. Club,83,"It's not quite straight-up noise, and it's certainly not dance music, but if you like a bit of both, this debut from Fuck Buttons should make you a bit giddy."
Spin,81,"Its just the fucking jam, like some pulsing late-night bliss-out in front of a detuned television set whereupon everyone just sits on the couch exhausted but loving it."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Though far from flawless, removed from any brouhaha Street Horrrsing sees Fuck Buttons carve their own niche and not only produce a debut record that will claw at any prejudices over its 40-minute span but show up their drone brethren as too often resiliently stuck in the mud."
cokemachineglow,80,"Street Horrrsing  is a six-track, 50-minute melange of iridescent synths, psychedelic drone, distorted vocals and tribal rhythm, peaking with the deftly layered counter-melodies and blissed -out propulsion of epic single 'Bright Tomorrow.' [Mar 2008, p.113]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"While Street Horrrsing may never scratch the surface of the mainstream, it is going to make an indelible mark on all those interested in ground-breaking underground music"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Using familiarity to its advantage, this duo is smart to refine its palette, making even the most migraine-inducing compositions seem like comforting lullabies."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The key is a rhythmic edge--be it tribal drumming or waves of sound--that trip these rainbow drones into full-on euphoria. [Apr 2008, p.94]"
PopMatters,80,"Street Horrrsing is, to your dad's ears (unless your dad is Lou Reed), a whole lot of noise. But what virtuosic, complicated noise it is."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Street Horrrsing is an intelligent, singular and original release with few flaws."
Pitchfork,80,"Fuck Buttons have put together an entirely unpredictable journey of sound here, and it masterfully lends itself to the groups intentions of mixing light and dark."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Despite the use of repetition and layering, Street Horrsing's sonic make-up is often unpredictable, which is where their strength stems from. [Apr 2008, p.57]"
Spin,70,"There are moments, however, when Hung and Power lock into something truly ecstatic, creating passages that more than account for the tremendous amount of pre-release hype thats been softballed toward these two."
The New York Times,70,"Sure, Street Horrrsing doesnt overtly delineate any new sonic set, but its execution and relative brevity reflect highly on these two venerable artists."
NOW Magazine,70,"Fuck Buttons has widened its scope, both musically and emotionally. [Spring 2008, p.82]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"This is a great record but is very often hit or miss."
Spin,67,"The album backs up its momentous tone, but builds too few moments."
The A.V. Club,60,"When they ease back on the overdriven electronic intensity, Street Horrsing works tribal, tracelike wonders. [Apr 2008, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"Street Horrrsing is a solid if still flawed album full of enough cool moments to satisfy anyone who might be interested in checking it out."

PopMatters,85,"The honesty of Bozulich and her band is striking, their creativity voracious."
Under The Radar,80,"Bozulich stumbles through a sagging mansion of sound like Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard, which is to say, arch, elegant and utterly used up. But there is power in the decrepitude."
The Wire,80,"Bozulich has amassed a band and baptized it with the name of her last record, and together they careen through a broken itinerary of radiant darkness."
Uncut,75,"Confrontational as Hello, Voyager is, its also a carefully constructed work by a group of players that know how to wrench compelling music out of dark places."
Pitchfork,70,"Its diversity, boldness and overall quality has compelled me to delve into Bozulich's past work with fresh, enthusiastic ears."
cokemachineglow,70,"This is a fascinating record that enjoys toying with musical boundaries and unnerving the listener."
Boston Globe,70,"Rife with suspense, drama, and a grisly cast of characters, Voyager's probably more likely to ignite your inner playwright than get your foot tapping, but it's still a cathartic rush all the same."
musicOMH.com,60,"Bouzilich however, does have some good ideas and there are some very good moments to be found on Hello, Voyager, it's just the convoluted mess of ideas that is the rest of the album overwhelms its strongest points."
Drowned In Sound,60,"These impressionistic songs shudder to life under the weight of passive-agressive feedback, anchored by Bouzulich's melodramatic howl and Tara Barnes' menancing bass. [Apr 2008, p.96]"
NOW Magazine,60,"The album includes one unreasonably lovely song, 'The Blue Room,' along with two instrumental tracks and several concussive punk-rock tunes."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Meh. Patti Smith does it better."

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"With Women as Lovers they have created one of their more accessible and cohesive albums to date."
Alternative Press,90,"Gratuitously avant saxophone squawking mars some of the disc's best moments, but Xiu Xiu's knack for grafting lush hooks onto noisy post-rock remains seductive."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Rather than using art as a cloak, Stewart constructs an exoskeleton out of precious wordplay and florid arrangements--armor that makes him as clumsy as it does strong."
Alternative Press,80,"Nobody else sounds like Xiu Xiu, and they've made themselves even more singular on this album."
PopMatters,80,"Women as Lovers capitalizes on it as yet another bold and consistently satisfying release in Xiu Xius discography."
Pitchfork,80,"A newfound confidence is evident throughout, and for a band that deals exclusively with the darker hues of the emotional color wheel, Stewart and company appear comparatively comfortable, even if their music remains challenging."
Almost Cool,80,"These themes of anguish are not so much bleak as moving, for he always finds a way to inject his wry observations into the mix. [Feb 2008, p.54]"
Spin,80,"Women As Lovers may be his best yet. [Mar 2008, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,79,"Xiu Xiu's music is all about discomfort, but Stewart and co. have become quite comfortable in this conceptual space, and are able to inhabit it like painters making wild, broad smears that intuitively cohere into a look that is distinctly theirs."
AllMusic,72,"Women As Lovers is a beautiful masturbation, and a little death for us all."
BBC collective,70,"Women as Lovers reveals itself as a nifty little album."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It's Xiu Xiu's strength--as well as their weakness--to assault the listener with specificity, giving Women... a deeply voyeuristic sheen that can detract from the often thrilling musical invention at work here."
Uncut,60,"Women As Lovers is proof positive that if navel gazing was an extreme sport, Xiu Xiu would be its leading practitioners, wielding an earnest approach which, while occasionally proving scary and even moving, borders heavy-handedness and rapidly becomes oppressive."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Jamie Stewart, as usual, sounds like a man on the edge of checking into a white-walled care facility, but that shouldnt be seen as a negative against Women As Lovers."
Mojo,60,"Though I can't say this album has as many of these killer tracks as Xiu Xiu's previous albums, Women as Lovers is a satisfying installment for fans of Xiu Xiu's singular style."
The A.V. Club,60,"The songwriting of its back-half just doesnt stand up to its front-half or the rest of the bands catalog."
PopMatters,60,"It's about as close a facsimile of the fractured and foreboding scattershot thoughts that haunt most of us at night as one can capture on record. [Feb 2008, p.115]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Their sixth album is also as pretentious as you would expect a record named after a novel by Austrian feminist author Elfriede Jelinek to be."

Spin,80,"Another Sound Is Dying, despite the title connotation, is indeed giving birth to a stirring new noise. [Apr 2008, p.156]"
Under The Radar,70,"Because of the improvisational feel of the album and speed of recording, the cycle and underlying patterns syncopate and never get boring."
Q Magazine,65,"Dub Trio are on to something, but they've yet to fully grasp it."
Pitchfork,50,"It's the sort of release that metal fans will probably like because it offers plenty of chunk-tastic riffs (that aren't too far off from newer, more polished work from Helmet), but dub fans will probably steer clear from because of it's focus on said heavy-fisted bombast."
The Guardian,50,"There are traces of reverb and chicken-scratch guitar, but the band's drill-press instro-rock lacks thegenre's spacial dislocation and sense of thematic possibility. [Feb 2008, p.92]"

Village Voice,90,"Shelter from the Ash is another masterpiece."
Drowned In Sound,80,"These eight songs may not be able to be covered by anybody else, but they are wonderfully constructed, beautifully textured, and exquisitely played."
Stylus Magazine,80,"A fine album for autumn."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its bit of a risk for Chasny to polish his sound, but hes succeeded in bottling the imaginative, audacious overflow of his past efforts into perhaps his most cohesive record yet."
Mojo,80,"Shelter From The Ash displays some pretty wigged-out guitar work, but balanced by ruminative, minor-key acoustic moments that recall the mood of America's 'Horse With No Name.'"
Uncut,80,"The results are beautifully solemn."
The Wire,80,"Another impressive cocktail of Eastern-inflected drones, mantra-like vocals and thick slabs of empyrean noise guitar. [Dec 2007, p.100]"
cokemachineglow,75,"Shelter bleeds enough drone and bliss to make a pretty smear of reality."
Pitchfork,70,"Shelter from the Ash meshes the best elements of older Six Organs of Admittance albums with a new sense of cohesion."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Shelter From The Ash is a more sedate affair, full of ghostly baroque folk stories that feel disappointingly ethereal."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Despite Shelter From The Ash's transcendent drones and trippy, Eastern-inspired guitar figures...[Chasny's] vocals too often kill the buzz. [Dec 2007, p.125]"
Almost Cool,60,"The songs on Shelter From The Ash can still stand strongly when taken in a shallow retrospect as an introduction to the band, but, when looking at the span of Chasney's prolific output, it can't help but feel like treading water. [Fall 2007, p.76]"
BBC collective,60,"It can be a little ponderous, but the unearthly dawn chorus of 'Jade Like Wine' or the ritual freakout of 'Goddess Atonement' leave you yearning ofr a solstice to celebrate. [Dec 2007, p.124]"
PopMatters,49,"Given the exploratory transience of Six Organs' catalogue, Shelter from the Ash feels too much like work, too much like what had to happen."
Q Magazine,40,"Although there are moments of striking beauty here, the guitar sounds become repetitive, and Chasny's vocal is not particularly convincing."
Magnet,40,"Shelter doesn't settle into one sound--which is fine--but it's never able to harness its manic energy into anything coherent."

The Wire,100,"Seriously: this is one of 2007s finest LPs, no question."
BBC collective,91,"Parades, both restrained and wildly dramatic, gently touching and warmly enveloping, is not a record that sits comfortably with convenient labels."
musicOMH.com,90,"Efterklang have managed to locate the sweet spot where the organic meets the electronic, and have carefully stuffed each track full to bursting point with a gorgeous mix that at times seems to require a new musical format, just to deal with the sheer bandwidth of sonic invention on display here."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Every so often an album comes along that's so original it's difficult to accurately liken it to anything else--even Efterklang's last album, 'Tripper,' is left behind by Parades. [Nov 2007, p.106]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"More organic than their 2004 debut, Parades is just as richly rewarding. [Nov 2007,p.98]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Parades succeeds in avoiding the most perilous pitfalls of simulated whimsy and fey affected vocals to achieve something gloriously endearing. [Nov 2007, p.53]"
The A.V. Club,78,"Parades is an album of slow-growing rewards from a band with whom relationships are formed, not instantly identified."
Observer Music Monthly,74,"Parades' recipe--soft verse, big chant, heavenly 'aaaaaaaaa', elliptical, Nordic orchestrations, stir--is clever to avoid repetition but extremely taxing."
The New York Times,70,"It harnesses large spaces, allowing songs like 'Caravan' to blossom into something more orchestral than you'd expect; fitting for a band whose name translates as 'reverberation.'"
Uncut,70,"The album complements each situation differently, and new elements become apparent with each listen."
Mojo,65,"Like the title suggests, this album is grand in many ways, but the sheen also wears off somewhat quickly at the same time."
Under The Radar,60,"The first few tracks work a treat, melding glitchy beats and stomping brass bands in the best tradition of Bjrk or Sigur Rs. After that, however, things start to feel a bit overwrought."
Q Magazine,60,"Efterklang could create an expansive rock album on par with the work of Arcade Fire. But theyre not interested in anything as patent as that; instead, lets welcome this modest, complex work for its intricate charm and soft beauty."
Spin,60,"There's nothing so prosaic as choruses, but there's warmth to spare. [Nov 2007, p.137]"

AllMusic,100,"The fact that Comicopera is a masterpiece proves it all right nicely. [Fall 2007, p.113]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"A superb album, in which Wyatt gathers all of his strengths, with the personal and the political, the aesthetic and the ethical are brought together as only he can. [Nov 2007, p.64]"
Almost Cool,90,"The songs on Comicopera rate amongst his very best--emotionally complex, politically charged but never short of beautiful."
Pitchfork,90,"This is an incredibly well fused and structured album that taps into a wide range of emotions."
The Guardian,88,"The sweetest instrument, however, is Wyatts voice, whose fragile, high, quavering tone is honest to the core."
Drowned In Sound,88,"It's a portrait of an English radical at 62, but it's personal and emotional and neither strident nor stodgy."
Stylus Magazine,85,"However, like so many singular artists, Wyatt's presence spans the record and ultimately gives it its necessary gel. His multi-octave voice booms, croons, and cracks across the album with stunning clarity and consistency."
PopMatters,83,"Really, all of Comicopera rolls deliriously over pillowy layers of sound"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The quality veers wildly, but every so often he hits upon a great song. 'Just As You Are' in particular sets the smoothest of melodies and a haunting cornet solo from Wyatt against the most world-weary of lyrics."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Comicopera, his 12th solo record since 1970, has indulgences and longueurs, as all his records do. But it also has some burstingly beautiful songwriting."
NOW Magazine,80,"Each song works brilliantly in isolation, making this a treasure trove of Wyatts finest work ever."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It's hard to imagine a record more original or full of life, from any artist of any age, emerging this year. It's that damn good. [Nov 2007, p.91]"
Under The Radar,80,"It makes perfect sense as a Robert Wyatt album, and few in his catalog are so perfectly paced and comprehensively designed. [Fall 2007, p.77]"
The Wire,80,"Comicopera is a cornicopia. [Nov 2007, p.148]"
Pitchfork,80,"The CD is like spending a cloudy afternoon on Jupiter with the old man, his quizzical sonic tricks at arms reach, his singing as ageless and haunting as the ammonia rain. [Dec 2007, p.128]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"More immediately accessible and warm than 'Cuckooland,' more ambitious than 'Shleep,' Comicopera, in three acts, is the end result of Robert Wyatt looking around and examining the craziness and wild unpredictability in real life in 2007."
Magnet,80,"There are few who could delve into such weighty issues without succumbing to empty rhetoric, but it's testament to Wyatt's unpretentious approach that he pulls off the trick while retaining a lightness of touch that makes Comicopera such a consistent pleasure to listen to."
cokemachineglow,78,"It's definitely ambitious, and probably a little pretentious in places, but it works darn near all the time and is a downright joy in many places."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Delineated acts aside, the disc maintains a certain sonic consistency, carefully balancing discord with grace; the structure does pay off, however--particularly the first two-thirds."
Mojo,60,"If the album has a rough-around-the-edges, askew quality, that just makes it more fascinating: this isn't music that settles in the background."

Q Magazine,90,"There is so much to go back to, beyond cheap thrills and catchy, yet dimensionless, hooks. An album for the ages."
Uncut,83,"Love Is Simple is Akrons most streamlined album, one that bridges their multitudes and, finally, puts forth a series of discreet songwriting ideas rather than merely splashing about in genres."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The results are not only boot-in-the-ass surprising, but also the best thing the band has done to date."
No Ripcord,80,"Often eccentric and unpredictable, Love Is Simple is wholly listenable because it is compelling, honest, and joyful."
Pitchfork,80,"Suspending cynicism for a moment, this is their strongest release to date."
Filter,80,"Akron/Family do joy justice. You could focus on the psychedelic country folk experimentation and the odd song structures, but what you really take away from this album is pure childlike joy, even during the darker minor-key moments."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It's as wild and heterogeneous as the rest of the band's work, and manages to bring all the elements at play in their music into the tightest, most carefully balanced equilibrium they've achieved yet."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The result is pockets of exultant moments when everything comes together and the joyful noise bursts through the clouds. [Fall 2007, p.78]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Although the hard-hearted and selfconsciously cool may dismiss them as the avant folk scene's answer to Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, that's no reason to deny one's self the joyous singalong harmonies of 'Don't Be Afraid, You're Already Dead.' [Oct 2007, p.71]"
Almost Cool,78,"Akron/Family have stepped into the light for the first time with Love Is Simple, and the results alternate between gawky and deeply enjoyable; the record is bursting at its seams with lovingly and vividly realized ideas culled from a broad selection of prior works."
cokemachineglow,75,"Theres some exceptional songwriting here."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"The LP is an unpredictable and often euphoric collection with plenty to, well, love. [Fall 2007, p.90]"
Alternative Press,65,"In the end Love Is Simple is less than the sum of its parts. Its balls-out rock is fun but hopelessly overloaded (like, how many vocal tracks do these songs really need?) while its softer sections sound like brief intermissions before the guitars pick up again, making them relatively limp."
musicOMH.com,60,"It's not that so many of these disparate sections sound bad--on the contrary, they're generally quite listenable and often feel like excellent mini-songs--but that they seem to willfully distract from a far more worthwhile mantle that Akron/Family are more than capable of taking up."
Sputnikmusic,60,"They offer up a wonderful lysergic carousel of communal singalongs, spiked pop and tribal hoedowns. [Nov 2007, p.95]"
The New York Times,60,"At times it meanders, but their weirdness is quite wonderful. [Nov 2007, p.134]"
AllMusic,40,"Many of their songs go on for weeks, doing little but reiterating banal refrains, badly confusing hypnotic with merely repetitious. [Nov 2007, p.96]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"'Cuckoo Cuckoo' is another moment in which Animal Collective reach a new level of compositional mastery and broaden their territory."
Blender,100,"Strawberry Jam, 2007s strongest album so far."
Billboard,93,"The album's second half is slightly more abstract than the catchy pop that precedes it, but these moments are tempered, causing the record to feel more focused."
PopMatters,91,"The balance across the album (as opposed to the drop-off second half of Feels) makes it their most forward and enjoyable work to date."
Uncut,90,"Due to its extreme use of repetition and electronics, it forgoes much of the curious, daydream-esque dynamic which had dominated previous Collective releases, but what has been assembled here is an astute, entrancing deconstruction of pop music. Highly and happily recommended to all."
Q Magazine,90,"Rare is the album that's able to expand an established band's fan base while completely satisfying the cult of early flag planters, but Strawberry Jam has that chance."
Under The Radar,83,"Animal Collective's abstract and catchy sides are each constantly aware of what the other is doing."
Urb,83,"It doesn't seem quite as strong as Feels, but also seems like the group might be on the verge of something even better."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Strawberry Jam might be art, but more interestingly, Strawberry Jam might be pop. Okay, avant-pop."
Village Voice,80,"Animal Collective has evolved; its songs continue to meander and digress, but the mania seems driven by a greater sense of purpose."
Dot Music,80,"The freakiest freak-folk is rarely as freakish as the more disorienting triumphs of Strawberry Jam, a neo-psychedelic mind-fuck from Animal Collective. [Oct 2007, p.160]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Strawberry Jam doesn't promise to be something for everyone, but it will certainly please those with an ear for the strange and surreal--even if you will have to sleep with your light on."
The Wire,80,"Animal Collective is a completely different beast on Strawberry Jam, and its beautiful at times, it really is."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Strawberry Jam, which comes in under 45 minutes, radiates not only hallucinatory good will but also a sense of song craft and suspense."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It makes for an utterly compelling, even obsessive listen."
Lost At Sea,80,"It's as idiosyncratic and tinged with goofiness as one might expect for a band with members called Panda Bear and Geologist."
Rolling Stone,80,"The blend of organization--even the oddest, most precarious combinations of instruments sync up--and derangement is Animal Collective's version 2.0 of hippie whimsy, and it's quite a buzz [Oct 2007, p.105]"
Spin,80,"What is exploding, writhing and fermenting behind Avey Tare's erratic voice is what's most interesting about this poppy, though experimental, set."
Mojo,80,"The album succeeds more than any of its predecessors because it always entertains and surprises."
The A.V. Club,80,"But though much of the record revels in freaky electronics--'Chores' and 'Winter Wonder Land' rush through as though played by pixellated marching bands--theres an overwhelming sadness to the undertow"
AllMusic,80,"Strawberry Jam sounds as if it was a blast to make; happily, the fun doesn't stop there. [October 2007, p.94]"
No Ripcord,80,"The overall portrait is that of a fruitful collision of four like-minded, talented artists bursting with ideas, and smart enough not to take their own genius seriously. [Fall 2007, p.78]"
Pitchfork,70,"AC still celebrates soaking up esoterica, but this album is the group's jauntiest, least emulsified. [Sep 2007, p.128]"
Under The Radar,70,"The music tries to express what words can't, which makes this Animal Collectives most combustive, 'live' record yet."
Magnet,70,"Just because there's an onslaught of verbiage and weird noises (like most pop these days) does not a pop album make. It is their most oxymoronic, though."
Stylus Magazine,70,"This album's reduced sonic density is both refreshing and slightly disappointing, since the confounding head-rush of their tunes was always a large part of their appeal."
Dusted Magazine,67,"A long, exhausting listen, Strawberry Jam will occasionally satiate fans hungry for the bands strange brilliance."
PopMatters,60,"The nine songs her give a reason for detractors to raise their voices and for devotees to hope for something a little more evolved. [Sep. 2007, p.49]"
Spin,60,"As its title implies, though, Strawberry Jam is strange: luxurious and fractious, wistful and atonal."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Strawberry Jam is a mixed proposition if ever there was one."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The Collective's aspirations come off as bland and blurry, as if aspiration alone was the sole goal for this jam, spread out over three quarters of an hour."
Mojo,60,"The sixth album by this neocommunalist, neopsychedelic quartet improves on 2005's 'Feels,' flashing more shards of tune to lure the coeds with the Coleman PerfectFlow InstaStart Lanterns over to their adamantly unkempt campfire."
Amazon.com,60,"The sweetness of Strawberry Jam is savvily balanced by the sour, or at least the edgy. [Oct 2007, p.98]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"An album of mischievous melody, fairground keyboards, cut'n'paste aural collage and an undeniable love of pop all but buried in junk shop Dadaist clatter. [Oct 2007, p.106]"

The Guardian,83,"Gira's range of tone and emotion is given open pasture here, and We Are Him is one his strongest, most horrifically hypnotic works yet."
BBC collective,80,"Even in this mellowed state, Gira's still never going to be a majority taste, but Angels of Light come up with a thoroughly respectable and diversely arranged vehicles for his vision on We Are Him, traipsing through an array of interesting moods without diluting the leader's offbeat visions."
Prefix Magazine,80,"From start to finish, the instrumentation and production on We Are Him is immaculate"
musicOMH.com,80,"On We Are Him--Gira's sixth and arguably most engaging album as Angels of Light--he lands some of the best of those complete releases."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The results are staggering and more than worthy of all of the praise. [Summer 2007, p.72]"
Pitchfork,80,"We Are Him arguably surpasses his work with his old band merely by simplifying things a bit. [Fall 2007, p.90]"
Lost At Sea,75,"The tenderfooted wandering of the We Are Hims final third make it less compelling than its flagellating first half but have patience; Gira always gets there."
PopMatters,70,"We are Him is more varied in texture, more resolute in execution and, to the probable amusement of Giras long-term coterie, an altogether darker disc."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Its a choppy album, it never settles into any sort of rhythm, and the moments that stick, that haunt you for days after youve heard them, are few.  It is, however, still a very, very good album by a wonderful artist who steadfastly refuses to go gentle into that good night."
Almost Cool,70,"Akron/Family provide consistent backing, but it's Gira's array of violins, 'krautabilly' electric guitar, accordion, and choral vocals that turn the tunes inside out."
Uncut,70,"Despite not being my personal favorite, the album may in fact be Giras most poignant statement to date, one that succinctly encapsulates Angels of Lights every driving thrust since 'New Mother.'"
New Musical Express (NME),65,"The songwriting is simply the biggest flaw of We Are Him, and in an album so reliant upon the vocal performance, it's a flaw that's too hard to ignore."
Q Magazine,60,"Gira's seventh solo outing finds his sardonic-toned vocals little changed however, and lyrically, if he's not 'walking through fire,' he's asserting the 'the scars still remain.' So no change there. [Nov 2007, p.104]"

AllMusic,80,"Amiina enchant like a peek inside an elven gathering under the roots of Yggdrasil."
Spin,80,"Amiina now daintily rap at the doors of a larger audience with a sound that is as delicate as it is arresting."
Urb,80,"It almost feels as if there's something quietly revolutionary about this gently overwhelming record. Either way, a revelation."
No Ripcord,80,"Whatever the permutations, Amiina's fragile magic can't fail to beguile."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Like many within Iceland's post-rock movement, these musicians have not quite mastered the ability to rein in some of their more excessive tendencies. But Kurr exceeds both the promise of Amiina's distinct instrumental premise and the musical and physical landscape from which the band originates."
Pitchfork,70,"Kurr's claustrophobic sound causes a restless reaction. For all its fragile beauty, it's at its best in small chunks."
Stylus Magazine,70,"In short, it's as Icelandic as whale pie--elevator music, sure, but heaven's own elevators."
Lost At Sea,58,"Indeed, when the strings are given the spotlight, the strongest songs are created; ditherings with Theremin, xylophone, and scuttling drum machine are less impressive."

AllMusic,80,"Some may blow off Tongues as too jammy or underdeveloped, but neither is truly the case and, in fact, it's unpolished characteristic is core to it's sound."
Alternative Press,80,"Tongues is a record of surpassing depth and ingenuity."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The reason Tongues works so well is not because the song lengths are significantly shorter, but because both Hebden and Reid interact on the same wave length."
Playlouder,75,"It doesn't always work, but there are more than enough explosive moments to pick up the slack."
PopMatters,70,"More structured than its predecessors. [Apr 2007, p.102]"
Under The Radar,70,"'Tongues' contains some of the most uneasy listening ever."
Pitchfork,70,"The pair are so full of ideas, there's scarcely a dull moment. [Apr 2007, p.119]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Hebden and Reid's music is as full of depth and ideas as before."
Q Magazine,60,"Showcases skittering electronics framed by grounded, dynamic percussion. [Apr 2007, p.88]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Tongues is a shorter, tighter set of songs that retains the pair's reckless spirit of improvisation and experimentation. [Apr 2007, p.104]"
Village Voice,60,"There are sublime moments here, and occasionally the interplay is breathtaking. This is pretty rare however, which leaves the rest of the record sounding just as youd imagine it would, which isnt a bad thing, just not at the levels of creativity weve come to expect."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Despite its misfires, Tongues does make for an intriguing listen, and the record is punctuated with the occasional highlight."
Delusions of Adequacy,42,"The underlying problem here seems to be that Hebden still isn't comfortable in his own skin while improvising, with Reid or otherwise."

Urb,100,"There is a contingent of hip-hop fans who have been impatiently waiting at least since Madvillainy for a record rooted in tradition that offers something just a bit more skewed and challenging. Abandoned Language is that album."
Neumu.net,99,"Sounds are given room to breathe and interact, room to develop detailed relationships with each other, and therein lies Abandoned Language's most compelling facet."
Pitchfork,80,"The album does what all great art does: guides its audience without giving them concrete answers (or even directions), forcing them to think for themselves instead of blindly following others, and eventually leading them, hopefully, to some kind of greater, albeit more complex, understanding of things."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"[Dalek] have harnessed their noise fetish into a sound that's more sedate, but just as unnerving. [Apr 2007, p.194]"
Alternative Press,80,"Abandoned Language is a much more direct affair than its predecessor."
Dusted Magazine,80,"An absolute triumph from one of the most consistently forward looking hip hop bands in the world today."
Playlouder,80,"Dleks message is always expressed with eloquence and originality, and four albums in, they remain one of the most engaging, original acts in contemporary music."
Uncut,80,"A hip-hop masterpiece. [#17, p.98]"
Mojo,77,"If Dlek didn't have all this discordant float working for them, they'd be one of the most irritating rap groups in history."
Filter,70,"Instead of creating a sense of intimidation through overpowering samples and sheer brute force, they realize it through a cinematic eeriness and minimalist disquiet."
Almost Cool,60,"Bizarre and not a little perverse. [Apr 2007, p.117]"
cokemachineglow,50,"Ultimately Dalek's fragmented drone makes [rapper] dalek's tired wordplay obsolete, thereby redeeming Abandoned Languages."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Abandoned Language is film noir compared to the group's previous claustrophobic slapstick, and unfortunately that newfound seriousness isn't such a good thing."

Spin,91,"Human Animal comes off as a less directly brutal assault than its predecessor. It sounds a hell of a lot better cranked to ten, though, its contours more explicit, the sounds sharpened to a steely point."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"This is a punishing record that manages to be both incredibly dense and yet highly listenable."
Magnet,90,"At the same time you contort, squirm and surge toward the non-music, your spirit somehow gets the message. [Oct 2006, p.132]"
musicOMH.com,90,"For Human Animal, Wolf Eyes have stepped back from pure violence, bringing in some of the old cinematic features while retaining pieces of the vicious nature that has served them well."
PopMatters,82,"When these scientists hit on the right formula of slow-burning anticipation, the bombast that follows has the profundity of a drug-induced epiphany. Previous Wolf Eyes records have struck that magic balance during individual songs or sides, but none have stretched it over an album's length like Human Animal."
Uncut,80,"As close to perfect as a noise album can be."
Urb,80,"Shows signs of nuance and restraint--relatively speaking. [Oct 2006, p.214]"
AllMusic,80,"Human Animal is the most textured and abstract of the bands official releases in years, and while perhaps their methods arent new, the results arent simply the same old Wolf Eyes."
Pitchfork,80,"This is a densely structured journey through intense pummelling and dervishes of electronic noise."
Stylus Magazine,80,"A near-perfect balance of industrial threat, hardcore power and black comedy. [Oct 2006, p.134]"
Almost Cool,80,"Meticulously constructed. [Nov 2006, p.114]"
Prefix Magazine,74,"The word 'unnerving' doesn't account for the range of senses that get pulled down into this abyss. [#22, p.98]"
Under The Radar,65,"Human Animal certainly isn't something I'd want to pull out on a regular basis, but there's some beautiful evil I can appreciate on this one."
Dusted Magazine,62,"An album at once tighter and more terrifying than anything theyve yet released."
Q Magazine,60,"The most impressive part of this album is that, throughout its entire tuneless, dissonant thirty-three-minute duration, Human Animal is rarely boring; it's filled with cool sounds."
The Wire,60,"When the clamor stays spare, the threesome's clank and bleep stumbles into beauty, and their feedback morphs toward free jazz. [Nov 2006, p.105]"
musicOMH.com,50,"The echo-saturated clang works as background music if youre washing dishes in a haunted house or performing at-home knee surgery, but hunker down with the sound by itself and it evaporates like stale smoke."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"Uneven. [#73, p.112]"

The Guardian,80,"Naysayers may argue that none of the tracks needs to be as long as they are (at 16 minutes and two seconds, We Dream Free is the shortest) but sounds as subtle as these need room to spread out just as a fine wine needs room to breathe."
Alternative Press,80,"It is as if both musicians have tapped into a single communal memory of music, discovering it as they play with each flurry of notes and rhythms."
The A.V. Club,80,"The stumbling spontaneity is refreshing. [Jul 2006, p.95]"
Pitchfork,80,"As strong as volume one, Hebden and Reid's finale to their improvised sessions is worthy of an encore. [Jul/Aug 2006, p.124]"
PopMatters,70,"The work would not have been out of place on a more skeletal version of My Life in the Bush of Ghosts."
Playlouder,70,"These are talented musicians-- and Vol. 2 is superior to the first disc-- but that development hardly merits owning two full albums of indifferent collaboration."
Dusted Magazine,67,"The Exchange Sessions second volume retreads the same path that Hebden and Reid took earlier, but they truly go places this time around."
AllMusic,63,"Free jazz fiends and fans of the first volume will find plenty to love here."
The Wire,60,"There are few compelling reasons to listen to The Exchange Session Vol. 2 more than once."
Austin Chronicle,50,"At its best, the albumit does achieve an interesting hybrid of jazz and electronic music. At its worst, its simply boring. [#14]"
Dot Music,40,"Neither of them could truly be called free players - most of their own music is fairly composed - and it sometimes seems like they dont really know what theyre doing with each other."
Blender,40,"One album might have served better than two. [Jun 2006, p.116]"
Uncut,30,"[By 'We Dream Free'] it all starts to loosen up and swing a bit more. But even here it ends up treading water. [#269, p.42]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"This is out in the margins, removed from 'pop' and 'alternative' genres by the scale of its reach, its bloody and bold ambition. It is complex, multilayered, densely plotted, wordy. It's also scary, harsh and bruised."
Slant Magazine,100,"Despite its complexity, every twist and turn of The Drift is absolutely compelling."
Mojo,100,"The Drift is a record that demands a lot of work and repays tenfold."
Prefix Magazine,100,"Walker has gone as far into the atmosphere as one can travel while still being earthbound. [Jul 2006, p.210]"
Billboard,91,"It's unlikely that any other album will sound much like The Drift this year, and even less likely that it could be forgotten if heard even once."
Paste Magazine,90,"Even at its most dissonant and abstract, this record is human to the core, and if you're ready to face a few demons, it's as inspiring as music gets."
Spin,90,"The Drift--in all its nightmarish, bloody glory--is as bold and profound a comment on our times as has emerged so far this century."
ShakingThrough.net,90,"'The Drift' is an extraordinary piece of work, even more challenging and expansive than Scott Walker's startling last album."
cokemachineglow,90,"No easy listening feat by any stretch of the imagination, Scott Walker's The Drift will provide critics and general music fans with talking points for the next 10 years. It is, simply, a work of staggering emotional sentiment and complexity that few will be able to match."
The New York Times,90,"The Drift isn't an equally severe leap from Tilt [as Tilt was from Climate of Hunter], but it is darker, less arranged, alternately more and less dense, and ultimately more frightening."
Under The Radar,90,"Most of these songs will startle you at some point. [#268, p.50]"
Stylus Magazine,89,"The lengths of hiss and silence can be unnerving, especially when his ethereal prose floats into a void. Yet when the swells come and Walker breaks the waves, it's a thing of absolute beauty, and the black turns neon."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Quite simply, 'The Drift' is unlike any other record on Earth."
Trouser Press,80,"The Drift is like a nightmare you look forward to repeating. [Jun 2006, p.148]"
Q Magazine,80,"This is a record that genuinely sounds like nothing you have heard before. If you can rise to its portentous challenge... The Drift will prove to be a frightening, bewitching and rewarding experience. [Jun 2006, p.96]"
Alternative Press,80,"Every bit as stark, foreboding, but utterly singular as 'Tilt'. [6 May 2006, p.33]"
AllMusic,80,"The album is powerful stuff, and though it's unlikely to be heard by many, it's even more unlikely to be forgotten by those who do hear it."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A record that makes the tortured beauty of Tilt appear like a mildly resigned shrug. [Jun 2006, p.102]"
PopMatters,80,"The most elaborately impenetrable album we're likely to hear this decade."
Prefix Magazine,80,"[An] uneasy listening masterwork."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This is a beautiful nightmare with no referent in pop and few in recorded-music history. [Jun/Jul 2006, p.131]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"More avant-opera than pop. [Jul 2006, p.90]"
Urb,76,"Ultimately, those enamored with Walker's infrequent but peculiarly expressive post-'70s work (from Climate of Hunter on) will find much to enjoy here."
Lost At Sea,71,"Those who lovingly caress their copies of Tilt have probably already jumped in its trenches, liking what there is to like, and there is much to like about this album, even if it doesnt maintain the consistency of that masterpiece; those who find his voice annoying have already set up sniper posts across the field; everybody else is standing in the middle wondering what the fuss is about. The Drift wont change that."
Almost Cool,70,"'The Drift' sets out only to follow its own obsessions; it's both lush and austere, utterly personal and often Delphic in its impenetrability."
BBC collective,70,"It's a lot to digest. [#14]"
Under The Radar,67,"His effort to make the most tense, uncomfortable record in the world has resulted in something that actually feels pretty straightforward, uncomplicated, and digestible."
Pitchfork,50,"This new album is relentlessly dark, disjointed, and disturbing. While there exist elements of his pop past -- gorgeous string sections, delicate guitars, bombastic drums -- there's nothing like a song here."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"By so clearly rejecting the terms and expectations of rock and pop, The Drift asks fairly explicitly to be taken as a serious work of art. However, for all its highbrow aspirations, it seems to fall between two realms, lacking the innovative reach that would make it a credible presence among contemporary avant-garde compositions."
BBC collective,40,"It could be high art. It could be utter bollocks. Either way, it's lovely when it's over. [Jun 2006, p.119]"

PopMatters,100,"Another instrumental masterpiece. [Jun 2006, p.192]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"They are rock songwriters whose lyrics are guitar lines sung, shrieked, and wailed to the accompaniment of a masterful rhythm section. Mono are a rock band -- and a damn fine one -- and they only get better with time."
Lost At Sea,90,"It sees Mono edge closer still to the classical spectrum, incorporating strings to great effect."
AllMusic,90,"Devastating and exquisite, You Are There is the pinnacle of MONOs discography thus far."
Billboard,90,"Mono has upped the post-rock ante with You Are There."
Q Magazine,80,"Certainly, people will inevitably point back to Mogwai's similar peak-and-valley approach, but Mono manage to make both the valleys more subtle and beautiful, and the peaks more powerful."
Pitchfork,80,"You are There is a fine example of post-rock that outshines both Mogwai and Godspeed You! Black Emperor's latest or last affairs."
Stylus Magazine,70,"No build-up is too big, no feedback too catartic as this wall of sound is topped by the rising sun. [May 2006, p.94]"
Almost Cool,65,"Like an undergrad philosophy student, Mono would be much more likeable if they didnt try to sound so deep all the time."
Uncut,60,"While the group are certainly impressive in performance, they can't break free from an almost mechanical feel that lingers and really holds the album back."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Has some moribund slumps."
Mojo,60,"Spends too much time building and not enough time delivering the knockout. [#13, p.99]"
Prefix Magazine,58,"After an hour of getting your heartstrings tugged with such intense proficiency, You Are There starts to feel no less egregiously manipulative than hearing Celine belt out 'My Heart Will Go On' for the thousandth time in a Vegas ballroom."
Drowned In Sound,50,"I can't shake the feeling that I've heard this sort of epic music before, even from Mono themselves."

Under The Radar,80,"Its clear that chemistry was in the air."
cokemachineglow,80,"In just under 40 minutes, Hebden and Reid offer one of the most thrilling documents of real-time improvisation youre likely to hear this year."
musicOMH.com,80,"This CD is in itself a bold challenge to producers everywhere to step out from behind the laptop and explore the creative, spontaneous elements of live interaction."
Stylus Magazine,75,"Like all free jazz albums, The Exchange Session, Vol. 1 should be approached with caution. Its a great night-driving companion and opens up to the patient listener willing to give it more than one chance."
AllMusic,70,"This volume is a success and points the way toward new and compelling -- if still amorphous -- territory between rhythmic and electronic improvisation."
Mojo,70,"The artists seem to have brought the best out of each other, and the result is much better than just hearing them go through the motions."
The Wire,70,"Genuinely ear-popping... utterly mesmeric. [Apr 2006, p.119]"
Pitchfork,68,"In general-- and despite passages of extreme beauty-- something seems amiss on Exchange Session."
Austin Chronicle,67,"The album achieves a great deal of its success from the relaxed collaboration, but it does suffer from it, as well. Reid and Hebden interact so casually that they don't find the friction to really propel great improvisational music."
Billboard,65,"There are moments where the two seem to sync up nicely and really unveil something beautiful and unique, but there are far too many other passages where the pairing doesn't quite seem to fully jel."
Uncut,60,"Part inspired, part impenetrable. [Mar 2006, p.104]"
The New York Times,60,"The record doesnt sound much like a free improv session, but it retains the crucial dynamic of starting from zero and seeing where it goes, and theres enough going on here to make me curious where theyll go next."
Neumu.net,60,"Occasionally self-indulgence threatens, but no matter; there is an undeniable musical hunger and pioneering spirit at work here. [Apr 2006, p.101]"
Pitchfork,60,"Together, Reid and Hebden weave engaging tales without ever managing the transcendent spontaneity these kinds of collaborations sell themselves on."
BBC collective,50,"The formula established in track one is repeated in the combined half hour of the other two tracks here to less devastating effect."
Playlouder,20,"If you're really into jazz (and I mean really) or are a Four Tet completist, this is for you; if not, I'd stay away. [#13, p.92]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,85,"Give Mobile time, and it will fasten itself, embed its patterns, and stay with you longer than you could have imagined a solo percussion album ever could."
Dot Music,80,"There are very few albums being made quite like this, so do partake."
Uncut,75,"Kotche delivers on all accounts, tastefully propelling the music into timelessness, nearly filling the shoes of his faves: The Bands Levon Helm, Beefhearts Drumbo."
cokemachineglow,70,"While it is obviously a showcase for Kotche's admirable skills as a drummer, more importantly it reveals his considerable abilities as a composer, too."
Paste Magazine,70,"A specialist release, perhaps, but one that is ambitious, accessible and beautifully played. [May 2006, p.112]"
PopMatters,70,"A high-level concept album that never wastes a note. [#266, p.59]"
Q Magazine,70,"Although these pieces are wrought with meticulous detail, they're rarely memorable."
AllMusic,67,"Demonstrates... that artists are rarely more inspired than when creating for themselves alone."
Magnet,60,"Fans of Wilco will certainly oblige Kotche's singular visions; fans of 'Being There,' maybe not so much."
Dusted Magazine,60,"At times, it's as if he's paying homage to his touchstones rather than using them for grist. [Apr 2006, p.114]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"A studious, slightly overcomposed record; we don't hear Mr. Kotche's own rich, natural drum-kit sound so much as the dried fruit of his research. [20 Mar 2006]"

Alternative Press,90,"Exceptionally beautiful and assured."
Stylus Magazine,82,"If this is your first exposure to Clogs, you've picked a fantastic time to become acquainted."
AllMusic,80,"Sensuous, subtle but emotionally overwhelming dreamscapes, whose luminous beauty makes pigeonholing nigh on impossible."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This is music that never quite settles; it's in perpetual motion."
Playlouder,80,"For those familiar with the music of Clogs, Lantern won't sound like much of a departure, but a definite improvement. The nuance of piano, the swelling strings that exercise restraint, the welling and wheeze of a crescendo  it all delivers."
Junkmedia,80,"The best approach here is to set aside genre delineations (who needs 'em?) and simply surrender."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The 'contemporary classical' tag doesn't do justice to their cinematic, intense instrumental narratives. [Mar 2006, p.104]"
Neumu.net,73,"They capture and transform generic ideas about space and environment in ways beyond the grasp of most bands. Sadly, this approach limits their accessibility; even so, theirs is a world well worth, at least, a visit."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Intricate and atmospheric. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.102]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Their music is exquisite; it rocks, saws and sings its way into your heart."
Uncut,70,"There's no denying its stout hart. [Apr 2006, p.113]"
Blender,70,"It may never fly in the conservatory, but the music of Clogs is sure to make the bar set feel a little more cultured."
Village Voice,60,"For those inclined toward the indie end of things, there's plenty to like here, but there's also plenty that will inspire head-scratching or, worse yet, yawns. [#71, p.89]"
Dot Music,40,"Particularly in the lugubrious opening half of the disc, Clogs tends to repeat things simply for the sake of repeating them without really building towards anything."

Mojo,100,"This is a great record, if it is a record."
Splendid,100,"For an elite cadre of sound warriors, the disc perfectly bridges Slayer's demonic metallic riff majesty with the maniacally convoluted dynamics of French prog-rockers Magma. [Dec 2005, p.216]"
PopMatters,91,"The compressed, cleaned-up ferocity of Hypermagic Mountain is a leap of refinement in every way, a sign that the band, while lushly unripe, is ripening gracefully."
Urb,90,"At its most chaotic, Hypermagic Mountain could tear open a wormhole into Comets on Fire's Blue Cathedral."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Essentially, the Brians don't really need to innovate that much anymore and instead are just fine-tuning their craft in glorious ways."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"What blessed bastardry is this? It's bloody brilliant, that's what it is."
Pitchfork,90,"Better than anything they've recorded to date, Hypermagic Mountain approximates the swelling energy of Lightning Bolt's live havoc."
cokemachineglow,90,"Slightly less lo-fi than previous efforts--although as it blends together Slayer, Japanese noisecore and warp-speed prog intricacy, sound recording fidelity is a relative concept. [5 Nov 2005, p.45]"
Stylus Magazine,90,"Listening to Hypermagic Mountain is like picking up the live end of a downed power line."
Junkmedia,88,"For the initiated, theres true primal joy to be heard in this mammoth creation. Youve just got to be willing to shed those tightly guarded notions and listen."
The Wire,80,"Even with its brief lapses, Hypermagic Mountain is Lightning Bolts most accomplished effort to date, one-upping 2003s Wonderful Rainbow with a fresh sense of maturity."
Uncut,80,"Their heaviest to date. [Nov 2005, p.108]"
PopMatters,80,"The world's heaviest band turn out to have metal's lightest touch too. [Nov 2005, p.137]"
Dot Music,80,"Underneath all the scuzz and spasm, though, they're a groove band, hustling a hard-edged experimentalism you don't have to work hard to enjoy."
Splendid,80,"Although 'Hypermagic Mountain' is no less a terrifying, red-eyed and rampaging behemoth than its predecessors, the duo have unleashed a beast that assumes a more recognisable form."
Pitchfork,80,"Lightning Bolt consistently sound like no one else. [Dec 2005, p.105]"
The A.V. Club,80,"There are no breathers in Hypermagic Mountain. There are only a series of knuckle sandwiches in the form of throbbing, distorting, gesticulating low-end ear bleeders."
Prefix Magazine,80,"With just enough experimentation to hint at new and future directions, while seamlessly blending improvisation and smartly conceived songs, Hypermagic Mountain is Lightning Bolt's finest achievement to date."
Dusted Magazine,80,"One of the most rewarding and noisy records of the year. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.103]"
Under The Radar,80,"If you were into Lightning Bolt before, there is no reason you won't absolutely love this album. If you were sort of sitting on the fence with them before, this may be the album that converts you into a fan."
Alternative Press,75,"If what this drums-and-bass duo does with infernal noise is your thing, you're a pretty happy camper. [28 Oct 2005, p.89]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"It finds the band climbing toward some unknown peak, and while it attains great heights, there's also a now-again sound of wheels spinning, and every reason to believe LB still haven't reached their ultimate destination."
Pitchfork,70,"Hypermagic Mountain absolutely trounces nearly every other act in its general stylistic area. Regrettably, however, the duos fourth album lacks the formal and emotional peaks and valleys that encourage listening and re-listening to albums in other less hectic and punishing genres."

Prefix Magazine,91,"For a high-minded piece of process, one that rests on the old trope that the good stuff is always bad for you--or in this case, for the majority of the world--Herbert packs a lot of snap, crackle, and, particularly, pop."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As with most things this conceptual, certain aesthetic sacrifices must be made. But Matthew Herbert is the remarkable musician, with his keen senses of rhythm and melody, who can pull off such an audacious ruse."
PopMatters,80,"These are what protest songs can sound like, feel like and taste like in the 21st century. [#257, p.52]"
AllMusic,80,"Once you've digested the background information, tracks that seem slightly twee and aloof spring into focus. [Sep 2005, p.100]"
Junkmedia,80,"Throughout the album, the juxtaposition of Herbert's precise, seemingly innocent and light-hearted rhythms with heavier themes of economic exploitation and death creates an effective and practical dialectic."
Urb,70,"Certainly, 'Plat De Jour' is one of the most ambitious records that will be released this year."
Blender,70,"Plat du Jour is a more interesting an outing for remaining ambivalent in spite of itself."
Under The Radar,61,"With Herbert, I've always been happy to consider the political content of the records to be a clever bonus, while the music as a purely sonic experience is allowed to stand on its own. I listened to Plat du Jour five or six times without paying attention to the song titles and not having read the online methodological descriptions, and this one didn't hold up quite so well."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Parts of Plat Du Jour sound hokey and fussily arranged in ways that lack the intimacy and luminosity of Herbert's past highpoints. As experimental compositions with a point to make, however, the better tracks bounce around questions that linger after the liner notes are filed away."
Playlouder,60,"Plat du Jour is never dull, and if you went your whole life not knowing what it was about you could enjoy it on a basic scale. But as a project, the record is somewhat of a disappointment."
Uncut,50,"Plat du Jour is no great aesthetic success (it is too spotty and inconsistent) and its discursive dogmatism can border on sledgehammer browbeating. Nevertheless, Herbert does ask questions no other artist is wont to pose; for this, he commands our respect."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Intellect without soul. [#11, p.115]"

Drowned In Sound,100,"It's the best post-retro, pre-futurist, avant-antiquarian psychedelia of 2005. [Nov 2005, p.226]"
Splendid,90,"The goal here is a noise-dance album, and they succeed admirably."
Dusted Magazine,81,"It's flighty, frustrating, and at times a little frigid, but intelligent and never lacking in momentum."
Q Magazine,80,"Broken Ear Record... seems to embrace a certain sense of pop influence, albeit far beneath the manic din of sonic exploration for which the band is known."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Tinnitus never sounded so good. [3 Sep 2005, p.74]"
AllMusic,80,"Broken Ear Record is a jittering jumble of giddy good times, slow rolling drone tones, fuzzy orange phasers, and disjointed jalopy junk beats. It is sound for the sake of sound, relieved of any expectation and allowed to roll around about and in the ears as freely as the pulse it projects."
The Guardian,80,"It's less glossy than either of its full-length predecessors... and in addition to a bit of grit there is a stronger rhythmic center to what is happening here as well."
Uncut,70,"Black Dice doesnt shy away from risks, and this record is just as daring as Beaches and Canyons or Creature Comforts."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"This glorious racket... has a beating, hideous heart to it. [Oct 2005, p.76]"
Paste Magazine,70,"There are magical, creepy moments here. [Nov 2005, p.131]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"For noisenicks, this is your makeout music. [#11, p.109]"
Billboard,70,"Although music lovers who normally dont appreciate experimental noise will find some things of interest here, this is really an album for people who dig material a bit more avant-garde."
Pitchfork,60,"This is a record that brattily demands total attention, and as such, will either be lauded as a bold journey, or derided as pretentious indulgence."
Urb,60,"The success rate is variable. [Oct 2005, p.94]"
cokemachineglow,50,"Broken Ear is limited and bogged down with its exacting and overriding sense of rhythm and lack of true sonic experimentation."
Mojo,50,"Still as irksome and tuneless as ever."
Rolling Stone,50,"Although the group's previous outings routinely got bogged down in forced experimentalism, Broken Ear Record at least keeps the pace sufficiently frantic, which allows us to excuse some (if not all) of its more self-indulgent moments."
Filter,40,"Where Beaches blended human touch and electricity to create heart-stopping climaxes and an air of constant expectancy, Broken Ear attempts a streamlined repetition of the formula with much more emphasis on the electricity, and the whole does not equal the sum of the parts."
Playlouder,40,"Too much... is just art for art's sake. [Oct 2005, p.121]"

Q Magazine,83,"Its certainly another step forwards and upwards for one of our only real musically emotional geniuses."
The Wire,80,"Though Drawing Restraint 9 is more expansive and abstract than Medlla, it's in a similarly challenging and rewarding vein."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This isn't always an easy record - it demands stillness and patience from the listener, but it is never less than fascinating and frequently breathtakingly beautiful."
Pitchfork,80,"Bjork's vocals are a hypnotic midnight whisper, a continuation of Medulla's vocal layering techniques. [Sep 2005, p.117]"
AllMusic,80,"An album that's inspiring in its ambition."
PopMatters,80,"In this cultural moment where a soundtracks artistic credibility is measured by its ability to piggyback on the brilliance of James Mercers chord changes and/or Sam Beams whispery poeticism, Bjrk graciously peels back the firmament and reminds us that a good soundtrack bears the same responsibility as good cinema: to show us possibilities our dreaming minds couldnt stitch together."
The A.V. Club,75,"Unmistakably alluring. [2 Sep 2005, p.81]"
Alternative Press,70,"Anyone expecting something akin to a new Bjrk studio recording may not enjoy 'Drawing Restraint 9,' but taken at face value, the disc is a rewarding sidestep. [27 Aug 2005]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A couple of really cool parts, and the rest I don't feel so bad for forgetting."
AllMusic,70,"Beauty comes in all forms, even if it might be over our heads. [Oct 2005, p.76]"
Billboard,64,"Bjrks biggest drawback, then, is that while Holographic Entrypoint is an enlightening rarity, most of Bjrks fans will find it boring. Very, very boring."
PopMatters,60,"Uneven but exceptionally inventive. [Sep 2005, p.92]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Haunting as the results may be, they are distinctly lacking in Bjork's own musical personality and her greatest asset: her inimitable voice. [8 Sep 2005, p.112]"
Pitchfork,46,"What the crap is this? [#17, p.94]"
Prefix Magazine,40,"The sad thing is, even at her most mainstream, Bjork's always been truly artful, but, in this case, she's merely painted a vulgar picture."
Urb,20,"Children moan, accordions groan and Bjork's disembodied voice occasionally growls into earshot. [Sep 2005, p.114]"

Village Voice,80,"Caught somewhere between the big yucks and the thoughtful overview are moments of genuine strangeness that are both captivating and unsettling. [#255, p.59]"
Magnet,80,"The music won't knock you on your ass, but the overall delivery is a real treat, if you go in for this sort of thing."
Stylus Magazine,75,"As opposed to the didactic nature of the booklet, the audio portion of No Business tends more toward arch satire of the ongoing debate over fair use in digital media, creating a prcis of its contradictions and ideological schisms rather than advancing a particular thesis."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"No Business is one of the least surprising albums Negativland has yet done, but one entity's repetition is another's source of continuing inspiration, and the end results are familiarly entertaining."
Splendid,60,"As 'art', the album is fine. It's quirky, it's humorous, it makes its point."
Uncut,50,"Like most of Negativland's oeuvre, No Business makes valid points via sometimes-annoying sounds."

Alternative Press,100,"This is a sensational place to get acquainted with the immortal wonder of drones. [Aug 2005, p.178]"
The Wire,100,"They accomplish what most rock bands only dream of: the subtle transcendence of genre, form, and the music itself."
Mojo,80,"Never have the usually mischievous Boredoms sounded this focused and, well, downright elegant really -- a masterful pairing of cosmic rock and spiritual jazz references."
PopMatters,80,"A beautiful, rhythmic gallop of harmonic singing, freeform piano, chaotic harp and some of the most insane drumming you will ever hear in your life."
Q Magazine,80,"If you've ever felt suffocated by the rigid length and structure of today's pop world, you have to hear 'Seadrum.'"
Urb,60,"Two compact chunks that could have made a gooier whole, one can certainly consider the potential excellence of Seadrums sprawling galaxy-march against some House of Sun morphed licks."
Prefix Magazine,60,"In theory, Boredoms furthering their psychedelic side should be fantastic, and I have to admit that for sheer orgasmic sprawl, few bands have much on them. However, at a point, sprawl becomes tedious and indulgent-- and I never thought I'd say that about Boredoms."
Under The Radar,60,"If Sea Drum/ House of Sun was the debut album from some little-known psych act, Id be hailing it as one of the years best records.... But from the Boredoms, Seadrum/House of Sun is nothing special."
Urb,60,"No boredom here. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.108]"
Pitchfork,60,"Their most monotonous album ever.... It sounds beatific in paradise, or soundtracking vegan Thai cuisine and organic sunflower seed muffins."
AllMusic,60,"By its very generic nature, Seadrum/House Of Sun sounds more like background music than anything the Boredoms have ever recorded. [#68, p.87]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"This record is worth having, but offers little more than a slow orbiting tour of familiar Boredoms territory."

Blender,100,"A beautiful concept that's been beautifully executed."
Spin,80,"A cracked masterpiece.... it rewards your attention with dreamy, surreal vistas, skewed poetry and flights of unadulterated musical madness."
Uncut,80,"By turns oblique, soulful, scornful yet rarely dissonant. Rather, it's one of their lovelier, more formal offerings. [Mar 2005, p.108]"
Neumu.net,80,"Going 'conventional' may be the strangest move the Residents have ever made. [May 2005, p.178]"
cokemachineglow,70,"The Residents walk a precarious line between American underbelly creepiness and a more mannered absurdism. [#254, p.63]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Fans will wallow in the superficial nuttiness of it all--though profound issues underlie the wilful eccentricity. [Mar 2005, p.96]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"On Animal Lovers, the Residents show, as always, a lot of heart and thought in the lyrics and ideas and even in their theatrical vocal performances, but that effort only sporadically shows up in the music itself."
Junkmedia,60,"Not for the unquesting. [Mar 2005, p.101]"
Alternative Press,60,"Dystopia pop at its most intriguing. [May 2005, p.93]"
AllMusic,60,"In small doses, Animal Lover acts as the perfect antidote to a musical landscape often cluttered by acts too timid to truly challenge their audiences."
Almost Cool,50,"For better or for worse, the rest of the music world has caught up with them. [#9]"

Pitchfork,90,"Lewd and wonderful. [Apr 2005, p.103]"
Urb,82,"Out of Breach is less suited for a fucked-up dance party than just for being fucked up."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Out of Breach isn't much different from 2003's Afro Finger and Gel, flitting between left-field house that is remotely danceable and bracingly atonal sheets of noise, often within the span of one track."
Splendid,80,"If anything, this album is best compared to the aesthetic of hip-hop, where allusions to universality and transcendence are simply non-existent, and what we are left with is content that will be dated within months."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Retains electronica's futuristic rhythm-science and weird textures while still kicking out the jams. [May 2005, p.121]"
Under The Radar,75,"Definitely not as funny or crazy as they think they are, but problably more than they need to be. [Apr 2005, p.108]"
Q Magazine,70,"A fashionably unruly racket. [Mar 2005, p.100]"
PopMatters,65,"Much of this dreary lyricism will be seen as English-as-a-second-language charm by so many -- and the album's lyric sheets, which put forth all the spelling-mistake-riddled broken English with pride, seem to be of the same belief. But loving that about this disc is like so much faint praise at best, and a pernicious kind of cultural condescension at worst."
AllMusic,62,"Fultons beat-making is stellar, but devoting attention to it also necessitates suffering the consistently insufferable Kanamori, and stylistic schizophrenia thats as jarring as it is unique."
Stylus Magazine,58,"Out of Breach isnt without its charms, but with an opening statement as assertive, exiting, and promising as Afro Finger and Gel, it certainly feels a little disappointing."
Splendid,50,"A nasty, dense and confrontational mess."

Lost At Sea,80,"As long as they continue to compose such memorable material, there is more than enough room for Mono in the post-rock pantheon."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Songs like '16.12' are so captivating, you'll barely notice they're over 10 minutes long. [Dec 2004, p.162]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"By far the most engaging album yet from Mono, Walking Cloud proves that the band is an entity unto itself."
cokemachineglow,73,"The quiet/loud, quiet/loud thing has been going on for a long time now, and while Mono has things in common with everyone from Mogwai to the aforementioned groups, they're definitely one of the better bands I've heard doing this in a while."
Pitchfork,66,"Mono have wisely restrained from directly replicating their previous sound, but here the band has sacrificed sonic heaviness for intellectual ponderousness, and too often has fallen prey to slow, repetitive, tiresome songwriting patterns and a frustrating lack of variation."
Alternative Press,60,"Too bad they bring nothing new to the fold. [Dec 2004, p.118]"
Junkmedia,60,"The disappointments of Walking Cloud are really quite perplexing, given Mono's limited but impressive history and the promise of their collaboration with Albini. Still, if it fails to live up to the heights of One Step More and their debut Under the Pipal Tree, it has its share of moments."
Mojo,60,"Mono singlehandedly redefines the concept of dynamics. They are very quiet, and then very loud. It will hurt your head."
Lost At Sea,50,"Incumbent crescendos and contemplative guitar interludes notwithstanding, Mono has chosen to cloak itself in the inescapable fog of its forefathers and influences rather than transcend the sum of its parts."
Pitchfork,50,"The result is like listening to the next (or any) Mogwai record. [#7]"
The Wire,40,"There's absolutely nothing wrong with Mono, but bands such as Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Explosions In The Sky do it better. [Aug 2004, p.116]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"Lacks the clarity of some of Mono's earlier work."

Under The Radar,90,"Though their words suggest such weighty topics, the album remains sonically airy. It might get tense, but it's never dense."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Disparate though its individual elements may seem (and they certainly are), the sum of the parts is remarkably cohesive."
AllMusic,80,"Kinsella and his crew finally seem to have found a way of expressing themselves that doesn't feel introverted and exclusive."
cokemachineglow,65,"While Joan of Arcs latest is a relative failure as an album when compared to everything else coming out in indie-rock these days (dropping them under .500 in my book), it is a winning effort, relative to the whole of the Joan of Arc/Tim Kinsella catalog."
Pitchfork,60,"There's a ton of great music on this release, but Kinsella ultimately ruins the focus."
Splendid,60,"The balance of unsettleing noise and artistic appreciation wavers perhaps a little too much and, as admirable a band as they are, wrapping your ears around their album unfortunately proves to be a little too much work."
The A.V. Club,55,"Kinsellas unrelenting lack of melody, his horribly self-absorbed and nebulous lyrics, and an overall misuse of timing force the rest of the mix into the periphery for a more numbing, frustrating listen."
Drowned In Sound,53,"The album's saving grace is the surrounding music, which almost, but not quite, makes up for Kinsella's constant barrage of tiresome non-sequiturs."
PopMatters,50,"Either the worst or the best thing I've heard all year. [Dec 2004, p.152]"
Playlouder,40,"Kinsella carefully enunciates his lyrics to make sure we hear all the clever references he's making, forcing SAT words into musical phrases that stagger under the weight of their pretense."

AllMusic,80,"An ambient set of quite stunning beauty. [Sep 2004, p.95]"
Spin,80,"The Equatorial Stars renews a partnership of a more than historical value."
Dusted Magazine,78,"Ultimately, The Equatorial Stars is direct, engaging and modestly unsettling."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Soundtracking stellar deeps has become one of electronica's most overworked cliches, but in the easy intimacy audible in this encounter, these Ambienaut vets make it sound like a piece of cake. [#247, p.59]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Beginning with third track, 'Lupus', a certain lifelessness starts to creep into The Equatorial Stars."
Stylus Magazine,30,"Dull, aimless, slightly pretentious, and overall a work that few people will ever find reason to put on the stereo. [#7]"

Pitchfork,80,"Its incredibly inexplicable, and inexplicably incredible."
Village Voice,80,"With 33 tracks in 42 minutes (each averages around one minute), the four-piece is anarchic and weird, yet -- best of all -- still strangely maintains a certain charm."
Tiny Mix Tapes,77,"Its more challenging than the indie-rock that makes its way into heavy rotation on college radio, and in the end, has the potential to be infinitely more rewarding as a whole."
Junkmedia,65,"While the fragments themselves are never short on energy, they are short on substance-- Terrorbird simply doesn't equal the sum of its parts."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Unless you're fifteen and were raised with a mouse constantly in hand, the Mae Shi can get overwhelming... but their saving graces (lots of genuine energy, naming their songs things like 'Hieronymus Bosch is a Dead Man') charm you into liking them."
Splendid,50,"Imagination and ambition pop up all over Terrorbird. Unfortunately, it's tunefulness that's lacking."

Mojo,100,"It's the (insert made-up genre here, including the word 'progressive' and/or suffix '-core') album of the year."
PopMatters,90,"When a band like the Dillinger Escape Plan is able to duplicate the intensity of the previous album, yet at the same time create music that actually possesses (gasp!) commercial appeal, daring to cause an uproar among dyed-in-the-wool hardcore fans, you know they're on to something memorable."
Billboard,90,"Giant mutant rats are running about the place with gasmasks and guns. Their eyeballs are electric red, firing lightning bolts of acid, spit and shit and blowing up the place and the furniture."
No Ripcord,90,"After five years, the band has lost nothing, only gained."
Pitchfork,83,"Gleefully impurist and highly addictive. [Sep 2004, p.122]"
Almost Cool,80,"Rage, speed, and math are still here; but theres a cinematic scope and a real attention to mood and texture thats new."
Urb,80,"Miss Machine simply crackles with stress; not stress over homework or girlfriends, but the kind of stress a bunch of semis put on a bridge."
Q Magazine,70,"As intelligent as it is ferocious. [31 Jul 2004, p.40]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"The groups move toward a math-metal-industrial fusion is a welcome one that should help to bring them fans that have never heard the group before."
AllMusic,68,"DEP is still struggling to re-establish a unified and compelling sound, and their newfound penchant for melodic exploration seems out of place amid the album's most inspired thrash moments."
Under The Radar,40,"The last 10 or so minutes of the CD veer between bursts of riff noise more smoothly recorded than expected and washes of music to watch soft porn by, indicating the charm of being proudly abrasive and busy is wearing off."

Magnet,100,"This isn't an edgy, experimental record. It instead explores human nature through conventional tonality and flow, delicately combining melancholy, detachment, and exhilaration."
Alternative Press,100,"LaValle demonstrates that he is one of post-rock's strongest artists."
Uncut,90,"Not only the best Album Leaf album to date but one of the best albums of the year."
Stylus Magazine,90,"A gorgeous work of art."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Drifts somewhere between Mogwai's softest moments and Her Space Holiday's wry prettiness. [Aug 2004, p.101]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The album is stitched together so finely, the songs hardly distinguish themselves from the overall pace, which is slow and summery, and the constructions, which vary between listless nowheresville ambience and introverted pop melodies."
Splendid,80,"A moody, yet seemingly sprawling album of (mostly) instrumentals that rely on the evolving crescendo to make a statement."
PopMatters,80,"This Icelandic association seems to have triggered a benign crisis in Jimmy Lavalle's composition gland and stimulated his transformation from a major key minor artist to a minor key major artist in the course of this one volume."
Neumu.net,79,"Detractors will be sure to note that In a Safe Place can feel numbingly repetitive at moments, but all that expansive diddling contributes equally to the record's allure: Like rolling past the North Pole or through West Texas, this record plays with its own redundancies, building an entire universe from strange, barren pieces."
Pitchfork,75,"An atmospheric slab of mostly instrumental keyboard-driven music that basically sounds like a further advanced version of what LaValle has been doing for some time now."
The Wire,70,"The real beauty lies in how Iceland's dynamic conditions are mimed in minimalist clicks and cuts, and overlapping swashes of snapping drums, sparkling piano and acoustic guitar. [Jul/Aug 2004, p.124]"
Alternative Press,70,"It's wallpaper you'll be glad you bothered to hang. [Aug 2004, p.106]"
AllMusic,70,"While not entirely successful throughout, it still contains enough majestic moments of sheer aural bliss to qualify as one of the most beautifully melodic down tempo-instrumental albums you are likely to hear this year."
Stylus Magazine,60,"LaValle retains his heavily textural, impressionist flair, but has begun to repeat himself heavily, with none of the freshness or vigor of previous material."
Pitchfork,60,"A night spent listing to In A Safe Place still begs one question--'Why didn't I just play Agaetis Byrjun instead?' [#7]"
Q Magazine,50,"The melancholia lacks distinguishing marks. [#64, p.80]"
The Wire,40,"Offers few intriguing instrumental twists and only the faintest percussive pulse. [Aug 2004, p.106]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"All tasteful minimalism and soft lighting, this is more Vangelis than adventurous. [Sep 2004, p.108]"

Urb,90,"The effort that Cogleton and his band have put into God Bless Your Black Heart is impossible to ignore."
Alternative Press,90,"God Bless Your Black Heart is one of the best noise rock records in recent memory  and not in the sense that its bafflingly original, but in that the Paper Chase are amazingly good at what they do."
PopMatters,80,"Twisted, mangled, and deeply submerged under the layers of bewitching muck are brilliant melodies with sonorous strings hidden between double-tracked guitars and gigantic, mesmerizing choruses."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"[Congleton's] studio wizardry shows in the bolder array of sounds he's plundered and the crispness with which they're delivered, while his improved songwriting shines through in bolder arrangements and a tighter instrumental focus."
AllMusic,80,"The Paper Chase have delivered one of the more complex, intricately-arranged productions in the history of angst rock, a sort of bastard offspring of Nine Inch Nails' Pretty Hate Machine and Cursive's 'Butcher the Song'."
Pitchfork,70,"Seemingly taking its cue from Congleton's willfully bizarre screaming, the band favors atonalism and discordance in its cobbled-together brand of mighty-uptighty protest rock."
Alternative Press,64,"Sometimes erstwhile obsessiveness can lead to revelation, but beyond the fancy engineering, I don't see much of that here."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Voyeurs of the disintegration of the human condition will be able to gorge on vicarious thrills to their black heart's content. [#246, p.62]"
PopMatters,40,"At times, borders on unlistenable. [Nov 2004, p.146]"

No Ripcord,90,"Everything here is in its right place, making Kesto (234.48:4) perhaps the only Pan Sonic album you'd ever need to own, for every style of music the group has ever recorded is presented at length and it's all produced as masterfully as ever."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Kesto is an overwhelming, unbelievable adventure, but it's not for everyone."
Logo,82,"Kesto works, though, because Pan Sonic, through intelligent sequencing and a burst of inspiration, are essentially offering four separate, complete, and internally consistent albums."
Pitchfork,70,"Once you've bequeathed them your synapses, the rewards are great. [Aug 2004, p.116]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Kesto could have been improved with some judicious edits; but when they are at the top of their game, these Finns are undeniably great. [#244, p.59]"
Junkmedia,67,"Kesto is heavy-duty stuff, a coherent, 250-minute artistic statement blessed with an epic scope and a dangerous edge."
Stylus Magazine,60,"While Kesto's sweeping scope is impressive, this long-player is best reserved for cold winter evenings and late-night introspection. [Jul/Aug 2004, p.126]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"If you read The Wire, you probably already own [Kesto], but if you don't, don't bother. [Jul 2004, p.148]"
ShakingThrough.net,60,"It's easier to respect the ideas behind the music than to love the music itself."

PopMatters,90,"Albums of this caliber just don't come around that often."
The Wire,80,"Imagine Bauhaus' 'Terror Couple Kill Colonel' massaged by classic 4AD discord and you have the mysterious blend of On! Air! Library!"
Uncut,80,"While alternating between derivative and rudimentary, On!Air!Library! is nevertheless well executed in its obviousness."
Almost Cool,80,"If Lush hadn't died, it might have wound up in the same solemn, yet provocative, place. [May 2004, p.104]"
No Ripcord,70,"What this self-titled debut is, though, is two different albums (EPs, really): one of wavering delicacy, the other of focused riffage."
Mojo,70,"An ambitious mishmash of musical styles; it wavers from time to time, but to their credit, the record never derails."
Dusted Magazine,70,"They honestly sound like no other known band."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Its obvious that the group can write straight-ahead rock/pop songs, but only chooses to tease the listener with short glimpses of their ability in this regard."

Splendid,90,"[His] most spellbinding LP to date."
Tiny Mix Tapes,86,"With every album, Fennesz's music has become prettier and more accessible yet still retains his distinctive style-- and Venice is no exception."
Filter,80,"Fennesz follows precursors from the whole of ambient electronic music, but his dense and weightless structures owe as much to the cascading builds of shoegazer rock bands like My Bloody Valentine."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Fennesz does an excellent job of balancing the IDM portions of his sound with more challenging layers of material, making music that is both individual in approach and eminently pleasing to hear."
Urb,80,"Fennesz makes Boards Of Canada sound like Daft Punk and My Bloody Valentine sound like Oasis."
No Ripcord,80,"The fact that Venice takes a few missteps before getting into full strut inevitably takes its toll on the overall body of work."
Dot Music,80,"Venice doesn't hold together as well as Endless Summer, but it still proves another fascinating, creatively gallant album from one of the more vital artists currently operating in the world of electronica."
Mojo,80,"The result is computer music not reserved to the cold harshness so often associated with it, but that breathes, ebbs, and flows."
Uncut,80,"There's at once a sense that Venice is weightier and more purposeful than its predecessor. [#243, p.56]"
Alternative Press,80,"Humanely crafted, with a warmth unusual in the avant-garde. [Jun 2004, p.96]"
Pitchfork,75,"I find Venice quite beautiful and downright stunning in places, yet simply good in others."
Spin,70,"The result, when it flows, is music that verges on the transcendent."
The Wire,70,"Fennesz excels when he squeezes something truly sublime and undeniably human through his gritty, labyrinthine microprocessors. [Jun 2004, p.112]"
The Guardian,60,"The most pressing problem is that Venice is rarely a challenging release."

The A.V. Club,90,"Its so intriguing that I continually find myself tuning and listening to it over and over again."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Truly unlike anything else you'll hear this year, hip-hop or otherwise."
PopMatters,90,"The mesmerizing quality they create through drone beats and varied vocals engage the listener in a whirlwind of noise, and it rarely ever lets up."
AllMusic,88,"By not making sense as we know it, cLOUDDEAD creat music that is open to interpretation. [#10, p.96]"
Village Voice,80,"This is hip-hop for post-rock fans and vice versa."
Junkmedia,80,"Closer in spirit to Matmos' The Civil War than to any rap record, Ten dares you to let your inner child out to play. [Mar 2004, p.108]"
Q Magazine,80,"Id recommend ten to anyone who bought oaklandazulasylum; to anyone else, Id recommend both with some urgency...this is the real thing, and youll never know how much you needed it until you hear it."
PopMatters,80,"A thoroughly engaging exercise in uneasy listening."
Spin,80,"The flow is smoother, and the whole thing has a more compressed, accessible feel, without compromising the essential psychedelic madness at its heart. [Apr 2004, p.113]"
Billboard,80,"Everything they do is infused with an undeniable, albeit sometimes unfathomable, psychedelic spirit. [Mar 2004, p.92]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Gen-Y stoners who'd trade their favorite bong to inhale a hip-hop Pink Floyd, the exchange line starts here. [May 2004, p.108]"
Pitchfork,78,"Ten is half as long as the band's debut and much more focused; each performer shows improved range and sharper talents. And yet, it's still a mixed bag."
The Wire,75,"Suggests a gullier Cocteau Twins. [May 2004, p.108]"
E! Online,70,"Ten is forever on the point of falling apart but somehow doesn't. [#241, p.55]"
Alternative Press,70,"After a few listens Ten emerges as an extremely clever audio novel."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Some of cLOUDEAD's lyrics are too precious and oblique not to shrug off, but the good ones rub rich images from their absurdist couplings. [24 Mar 2004]"
Spin,70,"As rap, this hardly registers. As political commentary, its too obtuse to make much impact. But as eclectic, genre-bending music with an ear for interesting sounds and a knack for making ambiguous lyrics memorable, cLOUDDEADs second effort is uniquely promising and satisfying."
The A.V. Club,60,"The trio have returned to the territory of their debut, but somehow failed to recapture the lightning that animated it."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Not what you'd call an enjoyable listen, but one to be respected anyway, and also one that worms its way into your head."
Logo,60,"Clouddead's problem is their stubborn refusal to express anything."
Dusted Magazine,40,"Ten turns out a few good songs, but there are better solo records by each of its members."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"They've sadly cranked up the wackiness. [Apr 2004, p.108]"

AllMusic,100,"The production is crystal clear and the soundstage huge, but the true achievement here stems from the huge difficulty in being able to tell where musical mastery has become studio wizardry, as the recording has the vitality and sensitivity of a live recording as well as the flawless sound and power of the synthetic."
Splendid,83,"The added dissonant improvisation replaces the Blade Runner futurism of his hip-hop beats with a chilling Taxi Driver dread. [Apr 2004, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"A collection of nourishing soundscapes, all of which are just as jagged and defiant as El-P's hip-hop work."
Junkmedia,80,"It has a very laidback, late night, smoky loft vibe going on."
Uncut,72,"A compelling synthesis of the hip-hop producer's talents and the solid ensemble work of the Blue Series collective."
Neumu.net,70,"The results are pleasing and anticlimactic at once. [#240, p.57]"
PopMatters,67,"A quiet, meditative effort. [5 Mar 2004, p.68]"
Stylus Magazine,40,"The unpredictable edge that's helped made the series a standout is gone. [May 2004, p.108]"
Mojo,30,"For the most part, what hampers the recording is a reliance on a single type of musical form: the vamp. Over simple (and endlessly repetitive) chordal structures, the players just noodle."

Entertainment Weekly,91,"A perfect album, except perfect is the wrong word for a band so dedicated to kitchen-sink oddness. [Mar 2004, p.96]"
Alternative Press,90,"Deerhoof sounds like a group of music-school whizzes playing at being a homey rock band, dividing the distance between their Steely Dan and Shonen Knife records. [31 Mar 2004]"
AllMusic,90,"Milk Man is representative of just about everything the band does best: the melodies soar, bend, and crunch; the verse seems interminably driven by its own internal logic; and the bands members still play with a near-telepathic singularity of thought."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"So horribly untrendy its a new-black must-have, Milk Man is the essential oddity of 2004, and a more-than-worthy successor to 2003s magnificent Apple O."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Deerhoof have moved away from abstract rock noise and toward more familiar structure, without losing the spontaneity of their genre-clashing sound."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The album is most similar to Apple O', but while Apple O' seemed to have a somewhat lethargic quality, Milk Man sounds fresh and fully inviting. And it's a lot better."
Filter,80,"Even in its louder moments, Milk Man is a surprisingly subtle album, and one that takes Deerhoof's music in quietly exciting new directions."
Logo,80,"If you've heard the group's last few albums, Milk Man won't seem like a notable refinement or a grand statement of purpose; they're just breaking the pop song mold, over and over again, and doing consistently inventive things with the fragments."
Splendid,76,"They've focused their maniacal energy into seriously dense and carefully considered songwriting; even the cleaner and deeper production betrays Deerhoof's commitment to letting the songs speak for themselves, and to keeping individual parts as precise and undistracting as possible."
Q Magazine,75,"Deerhoof's diversity is less a series of self-conscious genre references than a genuine proclamation of unimaginable artistic freedom."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Deerhoof's skittish collages always, miraculously, have a pop logic to them, and their desire to show that experimental music can be playful rather than forbidding is often heroic. [Jul 2004, p.102]"
Dot Music,65,"For the first time, Milk Man finds such a sound seeming not like the product of a collective caprice, but a formula that they're following, with the few songs where they get lost in total tonal abstraction seeming like didactic decisions to ditch the rock instruments and remind everyone they were once filed under difficult listening."
Urb,60,"Sounds like Deerhoof-in-theory: zero standout tracks, an abundance of groovy sonics."
Junkmedia,60,"Many tracks hint at the notion that Deerhoof decided to make an entirely different album this time around, but counterbalancing these advancements are decidedly flat resurrections of past glories."
The Wire,60,"Slaloms round sing-song pop, day-glo punk and Zappa-style tune transformations. [Jun 2004, p.106]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Seems Deerhoof have mistaken self-indulgence for experimentation. [12 Mar 2004, p.114]"
The New York Times,40,"A barrage of unfocused fragments that prove this album should have been condensed into a seven-song EP. [May 2004, p.96]"

Trouser Press,90,"By not just defying but denying the expectations about what their music should be like, the Liars have created one of the most fascinating, confrontational albums of the 2000s."
Almost Cool,90,"In the same way Radiohead took an impeccable album like OK Computer and stepped into unfamiliar territory with Kid A, Liars have sidestepped the majority of their familiar styles and broken free towards new explorations."
Stylus Magazine,86,"Though it might not be the most easily digestible subject matter, it melds thought and execution as well as any concept album in recent memory."
Pitchfork,83,"Fewer thrills, more chills. [27 Feb 2004, p.98]"
Mojo,82,"Its hard to tell if the band wants us to revel along in their psychosis or throw up our hands with disgust."
Alternative Press,80,"Theres nothing even remotely punk-funk here, instead conventional structures are stretched, shattered and re-assembled."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A fascinatingly cinematic, image-laden and claustrophobic album that feels like the someone else's nightmare."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Like other scary experiences, it's also frequently exhilarating. [Mar 2004, p.107]"
Uncut,80,"For such menacing music, the overall effect is oddly inviting."
Village Voice,80,"Tapping in to our fearful collective unconscious, Liars have conjured a darkly mesmeric, thrillingly full-blooded, paranoid drama of ritual and occultism built from twitchy electronica, shrieking vintage synths, punk noise and unsettlingly twisted hip hop."
Launch.com,80,"So dark and twisted that it makes Joy Division seem like shiny happy people. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Playlouder,75,"The concept is difficult to follow and the music occasionally unpleasant. But the bands willingness to stretch in new directions is refreshing."
Billboard,70,"For the most part it works, weaving a dark atmosphere of foreboding and dread through the songs. [#240, p.68]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Anyone expecting a breakout album by a group poised to break out might be left wanting. But as a lateral move to post-punk's crinkly margins, They Were Wrong is an ante-upping exercise, as entrancing as it is bracing."
PopMatters,70,"The first time through, the album is as much an endurance test as an entertainment, reaching back to New York rock's most raucous no-wave experiments of the late 1970's and also echoing vanguardists like Merzbow and This Heat."
Spin,70,"Less punkish than its predecessor, the Liars second effort, although marred by Wagnerian excess, lyrical inanity and overlong atmospherics, is still a record of non-commercialized large beats and immense technical skill."
Delusions of Adequacy,65,"While it doesn't work stunningly as a whole, there are places where the group comes together to create dark and blistering rock tracks that stand with the best work they've ever done."
Pitchfork,65,"It's a much stronger record than you might expect from something that will probably wind up being, in retrospect, a transitional album. [Review 1, score=80] It's just too much; too much noise, too much concept, too much deep NJ woods isolation, and too many witches' tales. [Review 2, score=50]"
The Wire,63,"Contrary to what some have claimed, They Were Wrong is listenable, and intentionally so: the band frequently finds ways to successfully straddle the fence between form and noise... though most of the time, it's admittedly impenetrable and alienating."
Splendid,60,"Not quite magic but an impressive attempt at experimental spell-weaving. [Mar 2004, p.101]"
Almost Cool,60,"Channels the spirits  of no wave via clinks and clanks, doomy vocal chants, ominous tribal thumps, abstract guitar scraping and jarring haunted-forrest samples. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Alternative Press,60,"Ultimately, were left wondering: have Liars lost it, or found themselves?"
Billboard,60,"Frequently unpleasant, but consistently interesting."
Flak Magazine,60,"Liars' aim is to challenge the listener with their gruelling strangeness. [Apr 2004, p.101]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Though some sections are plodding and one-dimensional, others lock into place."
Urb,50,"An album thats simultaneously stimulating and crappy."
PopMatters,50,"'They Were Wrong, So We Drowned' is a remarkably assured second album, and considerably more audacious than its predecessor, but it's a far from flawless affair."
AllMusic,40,"A gigantic step backward."
Junkmedia,20,"An electronic-noise collage that sounds disturbingly rooted in the what-the-fuck? tradition of Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music."
ShakingThrough.net,20,"The idiosyncratic intellectualism, the schrapnels of noise, and the outlandish creative liberties are still there, but without the funk these elements are uncomfortably exposed, like a naked body standing shivering in the cold."
The A.V. Club,0,"Unlistenable. [Mar 2004, p.96]"

Mojo,100,"Its no mystery that the bands most focused, intelligible, and pop-oriented record is also its best."
Stylus Magazine,90,"Profound, innovative, and absolutely vital."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),90,"It's exhilarating and rare to hear such bruised raw performances as these. [#242, p.71]"
Splendid,90,"They now trade in a world of startlingly bleak, matte-black liquid-crystal experimental pop perfection pitched somewhere between John Cage's frightening austerity and the bittersweet squall of Swell Maps. Art-pop doesn't get any more accessible than this."
The Guardian,85,"Even if you haven't liked the group in the past, you might very well find yourself won over by Fabulous Muscles."
Mojo,80,"Xiu Xiu nail their nebulous mix of new wave and post-punk gloom, but also lace their tunes with uncompromising experimentation and emotion. [Apr 2004, p.88]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The type of minimalism employed by Xiu Xiu creates masterpieces of avant-garde restraint that truly haunt the mind."
Playlouder,80,"Listening to Xiu Xiu, we become nosy neighbors with our ears pressed against the wall separating us from lives infinitely more fascinating and tragic than our own."
Village Voice,80,"Fabulous Muscles contains some of the band's best songs since Knife Play."
Logo,80,"Ultimately, Xiu Xiu builds something sacred from tiny moments of pain. [Jun 2004, p.90]"
Junkmedia,80,"Angry, desperate, and bleak, but this time coupled with a sense of hope and compassion, Fabulous Muscles is a major step forward for Jamie Stewart and Xiu Xiu."
Pitchfork,80,"Much like the musical equivalent of Todd Solondz or Harmony Korine, Xiu Xiu set out to disturb their audience in pursuit of higher artistic goals."
The Wire,75,"Sonically, it's well-tempered between its beat-driven and its acoustic pieces; lyrically, a unique, personal pain drips out from Stewart's whispered vocals, providing the driving force of Muscles' challenging, diverse ensemble."
Q Magazine,72,"Musically, Fabulous Muscles is Xiu Xiu's finest hour."
Alternative Press,70,"It's harrowing and difficult, but occasionally insightful enough to be powerfully gravitational. [24 Mar 2004]"
Urb,70,"A disorienting work somewhere between Scott Walker, Joy Division and Matmos. [May 2004, p.105]"
PopMatters,60,"My problem with Stewart, his band, and the new Fabulous Muscles is that all too often his desire to provoke seems like an affectation."
Mojo,50,"The musical parsimony, cultural insularity, moral certitude, and histrionic affectations of these lo-fi artier-than-thous promise indie ideologues whole lifetimes of egoistic irrelevance."

The Wire,90,"It's a remarkable album."
AllMusic,80,"Perpetuum Mobile offers a more moving and engaging experience than you would expect from an album whose primary instrumentation involves an air compressor and a car tyre."
Pitchfork,80,"Evern more so than on Silence Is Sexy... a few telling elements are deployed to dramatic effect here. [Feb 2004, p.98]"
Billboard,80,"Perpetuum Mobile is an album of skeletal songs, many of them little more than percussion, bass, and vocals. What's remarkable is the band's ability to create an effective atmosphere with so little -- and much of the credit must go to Bargeld's ever-astonishing voice."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"It feels like one of the most uncompromising and oddly impactful offerings they've produced in many years."
Stylus Magazine,80,"In the beginning, Neubauten's music sounded urgent and vital, created out of necessity; now it sounds effortless and natural, moving forward because it has no other place to go."
Splendid,80,"This is uncommonly powerful music, created from common instruments."
Q Magazine,75,"As the album wears on, however, it becomes clear that Einstrzende Neubauten has spent more time cultivating their bristling sonic elements than exploring compositional variety or subtlety."
Uncut,75,"On the whole, this is the quietest Neubauten album to date, frequently lowering to a mere whisper, but don't let this fool you-- no album this band has made in the past has bristled with so much latent violence or been haunted by a more palpable sense of unseen menace."
Neumu.net,70,"Rather than fetishing these sound sources, Neubaten vacuum-pack the lot inside a hermetic and constricting production that is immensely disturbing. [#241, p.57]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Where once they clanged, Neubaten now purr, the pervading mood of restrained grandeur, leavened with itchy, almost pop touches. [Apr 2004, p.110]"
Alternative Press,70,"Blixa Bargeld's singing voice lacks distinction, but Mobile's emotional intensity, cinematic grandeur and eerie beauty render that a moot point. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Logo,40,"Doesn't fit comfortably into either the current musical landscape or the leftfield. [Mar 2004, p.109]"
Delusions of Adequacy,20,"It is difficult to say which is more tedious and painful to listen to, the lyrics or the orchestration."

Nude As The News,90,"Their masterpiece--the re-interpretation of Western rock history as some consenual power-prog dream narrative where Led Zeppelin and Soft Machine are more important than The Beatles. [May 2004, p.105]"
Alternative Press,90,"It's simultaneously the group's most successful integration of the various strands they've chased over the years and their most ambitious and expansive work to date. [#241, p.50]"
Almost Cool,90,"Hypnotic Underworld is a new high-water mark from one of rock's most interesting bands."
No Ripcord,87,"Ghost have emerged as one of the most formidable (and important) rock bands I know. And Hypnotic Underworld is their rollicking masterwork."
AllMusic,80,"Ghost sounds so together that even its nods to jazz fusion and prog rock sound utterly convincing."
Dusted Magazine,76,"Ghost remains one of the more chaotic and interesting outfits working today, and Hypnotic Underworld proves another worthy addition to the group's idiosyncratic catalog."
Q Magazine,73,"As sumptuous and sublime as much of Hypnotic Underworld is, Ghost tend to noodle too long."
Mojo,70,"The music is fantastic, but the sinking suspicion that there's something else going on that you can't possibly fathom becomes pervasive by album's end."
Pitchfork,70,"All told, one weird trip. [May 2004, p.102]"
Filter,70,"Flutter[s] between commune jazz, zen folk and straightforward hippy rock. [Apr 2004, p.106]"
Splendid,65,"Hypnotic Underworld is, paradoxically, actually the least hypnotic and least underground album Ghost have made thus far."
Uncut,60,"Although Ghost has an uncanny ability to pair their improvisational style with recognizable structures, there seems to be something missing in the overall design of this album."
Neumu.net,60,"At times their odes to the long-gone era of '60s psychedelia get lost in their lofty ambitions. [Apr 2004, p.84]"
Stylus Magazine,50,"Its all very strange yet thoroughly intriguing, but it does leave you pondering the question of what direction Ghost are planning to move in next."

AllMusic,90,"Its symphonic, seductive, resolute, yearning."
Pitchfork,90,"Rachel's has produced one hell of a gorgeous concept album - a sort of Dark Side Of The Moon for the Debussy set."
Q Magazine,80,"Rachel's create classical music for people who listen to bands like Boards Of Canada. [Nov 2003, p.100]"
Rolling Stone,80,"With the field recordings, the release at times resembles the more sublime moments of Set Fire To Flames, but with more strings and a slightly less bleak sound."
The Wire,80,"Rachel's albums are consistently greater than the sum of their parts."
Uncut,80,"Like David Byrne's underrated orchestral epic The Forest or Philip Glass' Koyaanisqatsi, Systems/Layers is cerebral and human, transporting you without insulting your intelligence."
AllMusic,80,"Rachels can effortlessly create beauty, but what saves the record from saccharine blandness are the arrangements that almost distrust the groups strengths, refusing to leave beautiful passages uncomplicated by dissonance or some kind of sonic distraction."
Uncut,80,"A meditation on modern urban life that lets the city shine with mystery, menace and grace. [Jan 2004, p.118]"
Mojo,80,"A modern soundtrack for city life--an aural survival pack that pulls out moments of delicate beauty from all the shit and cacophony. [Dec 2003, p.122]"
Magnet,79,"It's a brilliant ambient musical experience-- you can tune it out if you choose and it'll still enhance your surroundings, or you can engage yourself fully and allow it to positively hypnotize you."
Stylus Magazine,74,"An occasionally haunting, more often inspiring and riveting collage of the group's complex avant-melodics given more human characteristics by the inclusion of familiar sounds. [#8, p.108]"
Under The Radar,70,"Despite its handful of flaws, Systems/Layers is rife with ideas, and delivers its message, however encoded, with elegance and ingenuity."
Urb,70,"Mostly, familiarly sombre patterns of piano and string quartet dominate this lovely album. [Dec 2003, p.118]"
Pitchfork,60,"It seems distinct from the discography that came before it (in both a good and a bad way), with intermittent moments definitely treading foreign waters, for both the band and its devoted followers."

The Wire,93,"Played start-to-finish, New York Noise begins to cohere into a joyously multi-hued mass, where hip-hop is a natural cousin of atonal noise, where minimalism becomes the perfect complement to funk, and where not even the skronked-out mess of DNA or the melodramatic ultra-seriousness of Glenn Branca can get in the way of a good party."
Alternative Press,90,"Another title that demonstrates what an awesome period the late '70s and early '80s was for music."
Dusted Magazine,84,"From hip-hop to no-wave, jazz-punk disco to house music to electroclash, sleek funk to crusty noise, there's a lot to cover, and Soul Jazz does the job admirably, touring the biggest landmarks and some of the interesting diversions not on the map, but nonetheless co-existing side-by-side."
AllMusic,80,"Its brilliance lies in sifting the wheat from the enormous quantity of thenameless movement's chaff. [Aug 2003, p.119]"
Amazon.com,80,"It feels like one big loft party, even when it veers into psychotic, dissonant No Wave by DNA and Mars."
AllMusic,80,"New York Noise is exemplary: the right mix of 'hits' and obscurities. [#233, p.71]"
The A.V. Club,40,"The vast majority of it still sounds like what it was: cerebral, bloodless 'dance' music for junkies, the kind of posturing Gotham tripe we used to describe as 'atonal' and 'angular.' [Aug 2003, p.120]"

Rolling Stone,90,"A work of beautiful, desolate fragility."
Q Magazine,80,"An extremely moving and potentially radical record. [Sep 2003, p.99]"
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Much sparser and looser than we are used to from David Sylvian. [Sep 2003, p.101]"
E! Online,70,"Faced with conventional, if not threadbare, tunes, Sylvian becomes grand in comparison, humming and mumbling through the subtlest opera of tweaked, quaking noises. [#60, p.117]"
Entertainment Weekly,67,"Blemish is not sadness or happiness; it is strange observation and relapse."
PopMatters,40,"His heart-on-a-sleeve earnest emotionalism falls short of being impressive. [#5, p.116]"

Splendid,70,"The record exudes a childlike exuberance in the early going, before descending into a Shadow-esque gloom. [Jul 2003, p.93]"
Dusted Magazine,67,"For the first time, it sounds like he sat down in a good studio and carefully assembled a record. That's good, in that Odd Nosdam's production rode out the lo-fi thing for exactly long enough before moving on; but it's also a disappointment, because the new work isn't far off from where he was before-- it recycles a lot of his ideas with none of his usual edginess."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Those who find Anticon's selfconsciousness and self-flagellation a bit hard to stomach may be able to digest Odd Nosdam's maddening instrumental collages. [#230, p.71]"
Pitchfork,60,"Alternately maddening and enlightening. [Jun 2003, p.110]"
ShakingThrough.net,60,"By the end of No Wig, its hard not to feel like it suffers from the level of simplicity inherent in much of Nosdam's production."
Village Voice,50,"The album is potentially valuable as a source for samples, but it fails as a listening experience."

The A.V. Club,80,"Fans of their live performances will appreciate its wall-to-wall rhythmic thrust and quirky textures, while aficionados and newcomers alike should welcome its surprising, seductive melodies and mature songwriting."
Blender,80,"Although its inspirations, musical and conceptual, trace as far back as Kraftwerk, The Complex serves as a reminder that modern devices and glistening production values can be applied to the most primal creative instincts, if utilized by the right --  blue -- hands."
Mojo,70,"Very little of The Complex comes off as more than sophisticated videogame music, mainly because Blue Man Group is good at filling big spaces, but not at unearthing the small, precious pockets of stillness."
Uncut,70,"Chic Euro-techno atmospheres that won't wear off even after you've seen the live show. [1 May 2003, p.56]"
The Wire,70,"An engagingly quirky rock record. [Oct 2003, p.100]"
AllMusic,58,"One would like to think there's a subversive statement here about the blandness of much of commercial radio, but it's far more likely that the vocal turns by Dave Matthews and Bush's Gavin Rossdale are as free of intended irony as those songs' lyrics are free of fresh content."
Neumu.net,50,"There's something high-concept going on here, if you listen closely enough. Sad thing is, you probably won't want to.
Magnet,There's something high-concept going on here, if you listen closely enough. Sad thing is, you probably won't want to."
Entertainment Weekly,42,"Even emotive guests like Tracy Bonham and Dave Matthews can't heat up The Complex's frosty, dullingly drum-driven aesthetic. [2 May 2003, p.70]"
AllMusic,30,"There are worse things you could spend you money on, but buy one of BMG's DVD's if you want to entertained by them; pass on this forgettable CD."
PopMatters,30,"While a few of the songs -- like BMG's team-up with Esthero for a cover of 'White Rabbit' -- may generate momentary interest, they all sound a little too much like commercial radio fodder, their quirks depressingly predictable."

Neumu.net,100,"Wonderful Rainbow is a brilliant record and has upped the ante tremendously for Lightning Bolt. They managed to take every single aspect that made Ride the Skies such a great record and intensify it severely, all the while showcasing incredibly tight and complex musicianship  knowing when to hold in the reins and when to set them on fire."
Launch.com,92,"The net result is an amazing pileup of discount psychedelia and stoner rock grind, with ample doses of ecstatic amplifier brutality thrown in to explode any ham-fisted accusations of classic rock necrophilia."
Mojo,84,"Wonderful Rainbow delivers what Ride the Skies most lacked: Musical diversity."
Pitchfork,82,"Perhaps the album's most remarkable feat is its utter lack of density: One never gets the sense that anything excessive or unnecessary was utilized in constructing its sonic brickworks."
Splendid,80,"Too mischievous for Led Zeppelin's Valhalla and too self-aware for Bal-Sagoth's Magic Kingdom, Wonderful Rainbow conjures retarded unicorns, copulating robots, and head-banging ogres in one technicolor beat."
Ink 19,80,"For an album that changes pace only for intensely noisy noodling, Wonderful Rainbow shows remarkable range."
Stylus Magazine,80,"If the White Stripes gave up blues-rock for steroids, acid and death metal, they might sound something like this. [Apr 2003, p.124]"
The Wire,80,"Stellar noise pollution. [May 2003, p.99]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The music is purposeful and powerful. [Jul 2003, p.114]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"If Lightning Bolt works best live, Wonderful Rainbow loses nothing of the duo's spontaneous wallop. [#230, p.56]"
The Wire,80,"At its best, though, this album is like having a beautiful girl hit you repeatedly over the head with a baseball bat."
AllMusic,70,"Music of reassuring terror."
Amazon.com,40,"Sounds like classic overcompensation, a racket on wheels trying to live up to its hype by merely playing over it. [#59, p.98]"

Billboard,83,"The loose song structures will lose less dedicated listeners, but those seeking hip-hop on a higher level need look no further. [7 Mar 2003, p.73]"
Splendid,80,"The fireworks do not ignite the way they might have, but that is the nature of experimentation. Nevertheless, this is all great fun, a function of Shipp's slippery mind, and the results are not only danceable but disconcertingly so."
Junkmedia,80,"What emerges is not necessarily either jazz or hip-hop, even though the component parts of both genres are readily discernable."
Pitchfork,80,"Drawing notions of rhythm, tonality and structure akin to the work of avant-garde greats Roscoe Mitchell, Sun Ra and Kool Keith, Antipop vs. Matthew Shipp is an inventive, spaced-out fusion of classical free jazz and futuristic electro hip-hop."
PopMatters,80,"This is a carefully nuanced collaboration, with stepping stones of surprising convention leading listeners slowly into deeper waters."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Surprisingly much more accessible than the idea first sounds. [May 2003, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,72,"While this is a step forward for Shipp, for APC, it's a side-step from their gleamingly tricked-out, beat-tweaked and freaky Arrhythmia."
Ink 19,70,"For the most part, words and music are woven together in interesting and convincing ways."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The end product falls short of being synergistic. Neither contender in this sonic duel really lets loose; both Shipp and Anti-Pop Consortium seem too passive and deferential toward each other."
AllMusic,62,"Theres plenty to recommend this album, but rarely do Shipp and Antipop ever really come together."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Overall you sense that the full potential of the encounter is not being realised. [#230, p.61]"
Mojo,60,"The big downer about Vs. tends to be its sporadic hinting at the greatness that could have been: small pockets of significance surrounded by many mediocre passages."

Salon.com,100,"A perfect 41-minute album that balances wide-open melodic inventions with crisp, time-stopping grooves. [Listen 2 This supplement, Feb 2003, p.10]"
Stylus Magazine,90,"It's surely his finest recorded hour to date. [#230, p.61]"
Playlouder,90,"Shipp, whose restless vision is never clouded by grandiosity or pretense, has become the most important pianist on the scene today. Equilibrium is soul music for the mind."
Blender,90,"Brilliantly melds the aural imagery of Andrew Hill's '60s Blue Note classic Judgment! with contemporary electronica effects."
Uncut,90,"What makes Equilibrium special is the wonderfully atmospheric combination of Shipp's most minimalist playing and Jamal's glowing vibes; the rhythms, too, have a hypnotic sense of groove."
The Wire,80,"It is refreshing to encounter an album that does a number of different things well rather than sticking to a tried and true formula."
Splendid,80,"While there are programmed beats, ambient synths and samples aplenty to be found here, the overall vibe of this recording is one of a classic swinging session."
The A.V. Club,79,"But instead of pushing the electronics and making a funkier, nastier successor to his hit [Nu-Bop], this new disc feels like nothing so much as the Modern Jazz Quartet."
Spin,60,"It reminds me that equilibrium, in chemical terms, is stasis -- I get through the whole thing without hearing much chemistry at all."
Q Magazine,60,"Listening to Equilibrium is like attending a Matthew Shipp museum retrospective: one samples the various facets of Shipps recent career without delving too deeply into any one of them."
Neumu.net,60,"A mellow concoction of atmospheric textures, electronic samples and funk-lite beats."
Pitchfork,10,"This is music that took out all of the adjectives."

Splendid,90,"Lift Your Skinny Fists told a story, included more extremes in volume and emotion, and added vocal samples. Yanqui, thus, is more subtle, more restrained. Yet it's also more moody, more cerebral, more intense."
Magnet,90,"The band is making the finest music in the history of its collective."
Stylus Magazine,90,"While most of Slow Riot and at least parts of Skinny Fists shine through from a distance, much of what makes this album great is its painstaking detail."
Blender,90,"Sits to the right of the likes of Philip Glass and Glenn Branca while outdoing the experimentalism of either Radiohead or Sigur Ros. [Jan 2003, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"A difficult and rewarding thrill."
Pitchfork,80,"What remains is a sometimes cold, sometimes confusing collection of epics that are more intricate than anything GYBE have ever created."
Uncut,80,"Yes, of course it's a touch on the pretentious-sounding side, and it's also one of the most remorselessly miserable records of the decade so far, but none of this should discourage you from embracing it wholly."
The Wire,80,"Yanqui U.X.O.'s five long tracks unfold in distinct movements, like symphonic '70s prog, but with rawer, emotional atmospherics. [#13, p.93]"
Mojo,80,"Innovations are few.... Still, when these nocturnes, crescendos and intimations of apocalypse remain so musically rich and emotionally powerful, it seems churlish to demand more. [Dec 2002, p.130]"
Splendid,80,"More substantial, positive and dynamic. [#225, p.58]"
Magnet,80,"The band should be proud of Yanqui U.X.O. -- it proves that they're not hopelessly married to the fine-print details of their formula, and that they can still wring fresh ideas from familiar territory."
Uncut,70,"Stripped of some of Godspeed's hallmarks, including its creepy spoken-word samples and propensity for building to an overbearingly climactic full-on pummel, the disc's power lies more in its subdued shading and slow, methodical builds."
Q Magazine,70,"Verbal sound bites once provided subtext for Godspeed's cinematic symphonies. But on Yanqui, those voices have fallen silent, and there's too much barren drift. [March 2003, p.120]"
Pitchfork,60,"The usual barrage of angry cello instrumentals. [Dec 2002, p.103]"
PopMatters,60,"Yanqui U.X.O. is the work of a band that has finally become confident in its popularity and influence."
Rolling Stone,56,"The tracks on Yanqui are content to continue building to bored, satiated endings we can see coming 20 minutes in advance."

The A.V. Club,70,"Deathsentences' series of white-noise sculptures is certainly interesting, but the materials that accompany it will have a far more lasting effect upon your consciousness."
Magnet,70,"Even at 42 minutes, it's hard to take iin at one sitting. But it recalls ambinet Eno and Nurse With Wound's Spiral Insana by effectively blending abrasive elements with moody atmosphere. [#56, p.101]"
Mojo,67,"While the idea of delving into the cars of local wrecking yards and their contents is an interesting one, the music that emerges from it is noticeably weak, in comparison to other works in the genre."
Alternative Press,60,"Negativland's chugging cacophony seems a fitting and grisly tribute to human road kill. [#11, p.138]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"A free-flowing, just cohesive enough forty-five minute listen that, in keeping with the booklet contents, has an air of strange melancholy throughout, perhaps most evident on the album's haunting heart, 'Cherry.'"
Blender,43,"Despite their best efforts, nothing on Deathsentences of the Polished and Structurally Weak is even half as interesting or poignant as the CD casing itself, and musically, the decision to focus on this album's mood and textures largely falls flat."
Q Magazine,40,"The lovely packaging far outshines the formless and dated rumblings within. [Nov 2002, p.113]"

The Wire,80,"As Town And Country's move into mellow artists maturity, C'mon is an oasis of sensitive calm from our loutish world. [#217, p.61]"
Sonicnet,80,"This is a thing of deftly understated beauty from pillar to post. [Mar 2002, p.104]"
Playlouder,80,"You can listen to the disc over and over and never get bored; there's always a new musical idea to discover in a place that you didn't expect to hear it."
Splendid,70,"[Town and Country] have the compositional savvy and play with the precision to make such passages hypnotic rather than pretentious. [#54, p.110]"
L.A. Weekly,60,"T&C are more approachable than most, replacing numbing virtuosity with a kind of meditative warmth. [May 2002, p.110]"
Alternative Press,60,"A perfect chill-out album for those of an acoustic inclination. [Apr 2002, p.122]"
PopMatters,24,"Lacking any dynamism, complexity, or invention, the relentless drone of most of these tracks is a shallow, reactionary statement to the progress of the post-rock genre, and completely unedifying."

CDNow,80,"The haunting melodies and string arrangements enhance the CD's contemplative mood, bringing us into the artist's reverie about emotional pain and art's dependence on such painful experiences."
The Wire,70,"Laurie Anderson is a singer-songwriter of crushing poignance - a minimalist painter of melancholy moods who addresses universal themes in the vernacular of the commonplace."
Mojo,70,"Anderson's best work has always been simultaneously opaque and pointed, suggestive, and even topical, without being didactic. Those qualities apply again here."
Sonicnet,70,"Life On A String also reveals the tedious aspects of Anderson's muse. [#51, p.82]"
Q Magazine,70,"The perfect album for cool, sequestered evenings in scary cities. [Sep 2001, p.102]"
Blender,70,"If the wordplay occasionally misses the mark, the music (which includes calypso, funk, '40s jazz, and chamber pop) invariably carries the day. [Aug 2001, p.76]"
Urb,67,"Despite an occasional dip into buzzy techno waters, Life is more retread than reinvention. [Aug 24/31 2001, p.137]"
Mixer,60,"Though the drones drift into Enya-like ambience on 'Slip Away' more often, as on 'Pieces and Parts' and the keening 'Broken,' Anderson dresses up her hard-won koans of personal wisdom just enough to make them alluring. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.120]"
Pitchfork,60,"Despite its spacious and minimal approach, the album is -- in typical Anderson style -- a demanding piece of work. [Sep 2001, p.106]"
Resonance,50,"Fans of Anderson's trademark spoken word phrasing, with pregnant pauses, raised eyebrows and question mark endings, won't be disappointed. [#211, p.52]"
Neumu.net,50,"She lets [the songs] drift off into the kind of embalmed chamber music respectability often synonymous with the Nonesuch label."

Rolling Stone,100,"The album is a parasite, a pollutant, and should be kept well away from children and old people."
Neumu.net,90,"Few electronic artists working today have the balls or the skills to pull off an album as unconventional and uncompromising as Go Plastic..."
The Wire,90,"His best effort yet."
Alternative Press,90,"Go Plastic fuses the insanely intricate beat programming of Feed Me Weird Things and Daddy with the abstruse experimentation of 1998's Music is Rotted One Note. It's the best of both worlds. [Aug 2001, p.98]"
Pitchfork,80,"Fast and furious with moments of melodic intimacy, it is music for the intelligent and adventurous."
Mixer,80,"In anybody else's hands, a blending of techy aesthetics and near-tender melodies would be a musical oxymoron, but in Squarepusher's, it is delicious."
Magnet,80,"What's striking is that he's less wacky than he's ever been, instead pursuing a rougher, more complex sound. [#208, p.66]"
PopMatters,60,"An album which makes his previous excesses seem conservative.... Dazzling though this bombardment is, it's a draining experience. [Jul 2001, p.97]"
Pitchfork,60,"The album is short on the wistful melodies and jazz overtones that have made Squarepusher stand out from his fellow post-everything experimentalists, making Go Plastic -- notwithstanding 'My Red Hot Car' --  something of a disappointment."
PopMatters,60,"Tom Jenkinson shares Aphex Twin's mischievous way with a beat but lacks his respect for melody. [Aug 2001, p.141]"
Splendid,60,"It's all clever and overstuffed with ideas, guaranteed to bug dance-music purists just as much as it annoys their parents. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.130]"
Alternative Press,60,"It's a mix of contemporary hardcore and vintage Squarepusher where he never lets things settle, scrabbling away with sublime and obnoxious results. [Sep 2001, p.152]"
L.A. Weekly,60,"Quite an experiment in not only the limits of drum 'n' bass, but listenability as well. [Jul 2001, p.81]"
Magnet,51,"Go Plastic exhumes the corpse of stuttering, fast-paced percussion and arbitrary programming that was bled dry and buried in a time when the Y2K bug still signified economic collapse and nuclear meltdowns."
AllMusic,50,"The album disappoints. [#32, p.58]"
The Wire,40,"The glassy-eyed micro-manic bass-'n'-breaks belligerence on show-offy tracks on this Squarepusher longplayer is either tellingly tired or terrifically tiring, with Jenx's wicked licks of brown-note boogie either spuriously slow in the foot or a swift kick to the collective ass of a collectively ass-kissing musical community."
Trouser Press,40,"For sheer virtuosity, you gotta hand it to the guy - he sure can make a lot of really weird noises. But who cares?"

Pitchfork,90,"Unlike previous albums, Ovalcommers wheezes and squirms its way inside."
Almost Cool,80,"However difficult is might appear on first hearing, his music is at once curiously involving and constantly inviting. [#209, p.59]"
Alternative Press,80,"Anyone who saw his performances last summer will immediately recognize the invigorated sound here, somewhere between Merzbow and metal, between liquid and solid. [Aug 2001, p.95]"
Splendid,78,"This is an album packed with abrasive tones of unimaginable density and uncertain origin. Oval shares with Autechre the ability to craft sounds that defy explanation."
Magnet,70,"In stark contrast to his previous experiments with computer sound artifacts and process-driven minimal click arias, Commers barrels out with harsh walls of thrashing interference and feedback in track after track. [Aug 2001, p.78]"
Spin,70,"By no means a radical album; challenging as it may be, it's a natural extension of earlier work rather than a sudden departure from it. [#51, p.105]"
Mojo,40,"Once you've digested the uneasy listening of the technique itself, there's little in the way of emotional engagement to carry the album."

Q Magazine,85,"The excitement is sustained so consistently over the hour-long running time that you'll almost begin to wish the six-minute songs were even longer."
Neumu.net,80,"While you will find no pop hooks or easy to use formulas here, The Ex is not blindly searching to create something amazing. Instead they are building on the knowledge they have gained over two decades of being one of the consistently innovative bands that rock music has ever known."
Launch.com,80,"With a musical attack this meticulous and charged, I know I'd enjoy The Ex even if I was their target..."
AllMusic,80,"It's still hard to believe that a punk band formed more than 20 years ago are capable of releasing a new album that's both vital and worthy of the promise of their early material.... With Dizzy Spells, the quintet may have topped it all. [#155, p.83]"
Splendid,80,"If I were suddenly appointed Minister of Improving Music, my inaugural act would involve sending shock troops to ransack the CD racks of every would-be cookie-cutter punk in, say, Orange County, replacing all recordings by Social D. and Suicidal T. with copies of Dizzy Spells."
Alternative Press,70,"It's amazing that, however slowly, the Ex is still exploring fresh terrain. [#50, p.87]"

Pitchfork,90,"To the duo's credit, Matmos avoids making A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure grisly or gross; Andrew Daniel and Martin Schmidt approach the album's concept with their usual playfulness and an appropriately clinical detachment, resulting in some clever and surprisingly diverse songs"
Alternative Press,90,"A splendid piece of work; compelling even when shorn of its conceptual and procedural backdrop, and infinitely more invigorating when considered as one with its making. [#205, p.58]"
Almost Cool,90,"A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure is many things: inevitable, insane and their finest album."
Splendid,88,"The test of any conceptual record is how well it stands on its own, removed from the angle. And A Chance to Cut is a Chance to Cure is a first-rate work, even if you're unfamiliar with the backstory."
AllMusic,80,"This is one concept album that doesn't forsake listenability for pure experimentation."
Mojo,80,"While A Chance may not move Matmos any closer to either the song or sound distinction, perhaps the fact that their music consistently provokes smiles and dark thought with increasing accessibility warrants our continued, if not increased, attention... [#154, p.76]"
Pitchfork,80,"Most [tracks] work quite well with the multifaceted rhythms and constantly evolving beats that make each of the tracks here a true expression of creativity."
Village Voice,80,"Some artists stimulate your brain, others tickle your senses. Matmos does both. [#50, p.101]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Matmos have captured with discomforting vividness the sheer surrealism of the modern vanity industry, the medieval tortures people gladly endure in pursuit of physical perfection."
MTV.com,70,"An eminently listenable collage of jittery grooves, lop-sided beats and wayward electronica."
Magnet,60,"Sure, there are some moments of taxing weirdness but generally, it's good, albeit eccentric fun."
Neumu.net,60,"The astonishing way in which the latest outing from San Franciscan deconstructionist darlings Matmos was put together is of such novel conceit it threatens to overshadow the final product."
Nude As The News,50,"Though its methods reek of gimmickry, and are not as interesting as similar but more musical travelers like Plaid, Autechre, or Mouse On Mars, Matmos does construct a daring two-cans-and-a-string party album."

The Wire,80,"Both dreamy and earthy, complex and immediate, and challenging and soothing.... The Sleepy Strange is the band's most cohesive work to date, yet it keeps all of the spontaneous beauty of their previous releases."
,60,"The Sleepy Strange offers seven mid-tempo rock songs, most with the inevitable country leanings that a pedal steel creates. These pieces lack anything even remotely resembling a sense of direction or urgency; Japancakes' songs don't travel from Point A to Point B so much as wander up and down the street in front of Point A and dig odd little things out of the lawn. Some listeners will love it, while devotees of single-minded purpose will positively hate it."
,60,"They weave simple, childlike melodies that slowly grow into full-blown opuses.... A surprisingly innovative album that sees them swimming forward instead of treading water. [#153, p.76]"
,49,"While it is by no means a good album, The Sleepy Strange is a small step up from its brain atrophy-inducing predecessor. On the album's closer, 'Vinyl Fever,' the band almost attains a tight, Tortoise-esque instrumental groove. But after over 40 minutes of boredom and frustration, odds are the album will most likely be occupying a precious spot in your septic tank before you get there."

,100,"A massive instrumental effort, as skilled and musical as it is on-the-fly improvised and messy. Seamlessly blending sonic experiments with live group interactions, godspeed saunter through these four extended pieces with ease. [#150, p.94]"
,90,"Not only has the group taken their sound and refined it even more, but even the ambient soundscapes and parts between the actual songs are more well constructed."
,90,"Essentially, you get one disc on which Godspeed You Black Emperor tinkers with their sound a little bit, and one on which they deliver exactly what you've been expecting. That's a good mix."
,90,"The main complaint voiced by critics of Godspeed's music is that their works just repeat the same pattern: start out sparse and slow, build-build-build, crescendo. While there are certainly crescendos, there is no such predictable pattern repeated among the works on Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven -- it's loaded with dynamics, unexpected sections, strong emotions and beauty."
,90,"Godspeed have taken their by-now familiar elements and rearranged them in often beautiful or surprising ways."
,90,"Lift Your Skinny Fists like Antennas to Heaven is a massive, achingly beautiful work, alternately elegiac and ferocious. However, Lift plays like an oddly transitional album: much of the first disc presents a refinement of the sound that crystallized on the Slow Riot EP, while the second disc flirts with moments of vertiginous shoegazing, looser rock drumming and reckless crescendos of unalloyed noise. Succinctly, the first disc is easily continuous with their earlier work; the second disc might just be the future."
,80,"Godspeed's records will either blow your head off or leave you shrugging, depending on where your personal quest for freedom is taking you."
,80,"Godspeed's 1999 knockout Slow Riot For New Zero Kanada EP is a more manageable dose for beginners, but music this audacious and ambitious needs to be heard regardless of the challenges it presents."
,80,"From the double album's first echoes of guitar and strings to its droning denouement, godspeed you black emperor! creates a musical soundscape that alternates between flashes of sonic brilliance and moments of quiet ecstasy."
,80,"It's exquisitely constructed sound with a sharp punk edge and an anarchist's ear for chaos. [#48, p.92]"
,60,"Unwinds slowly, slipping between ghosted noise-and-field-recording passages and the sustained explosions of big, bombastic caterwaul that have become Godspeed's signature sound."
,60,"This ambient/noise/psychedelic amalgam is limited by tedious repetition and a lack of emotional focus."
,50,"On earlier releases, the traces of anger, sorrow or despair rippling through the found voices seeded roaring rock improvisations that empathetically rooted and resisted the calamities visited upon them. But the improvising on [Skinny Fists] falls within beat parameters too tightly determined to generate any really useful dissonance. [#200, p.66]"

