8,"If you give this record a chance it will pummel you into submission with it's relentless noise. May not be for everyone but if you're into the heavier side of sludge this will sate you appetite, if only for a moment.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
5,"A relatively short review for Sunn o)))'s three track long album, Kannon.
An overall less interesting project with Sunn o))) playing it even more safe. Less exhilarating and punishing, with the only exception being 'Kannon Pt.2'. It's pretty much the same sound they have been toying with for the past years without even the slightest of experimentation.
Soused, the collaborative album they did with Scott Walker in 2014, sounds like they were going the extra mile in comparison.
Kannon is quite the disappointing album. Maybe it 'll grow on me after some extra listens....if six were not enough...
Fav Tracks: Kannon Pt.2
Least Fav Track: Kannon Pt. 1",1,1,"Jan  2, 2016"
8,"yeah, whatever, good album, conceptual, bzzzzzzzzt, wooooooom and all that drone
but please, please somebody change the album cover to actually Kannon art",0,1,"Dec 11, 2015"
8,"Very atmospheric drone metal. The compositions are relatively uncomplicated, but still create a very heavy feeling. It is not an accessible or commercial record by any means, and listening to it can be a challenge for someone who isn't sure what they're getting in to, but if you give this a chance I think you will find it a worthwhile listen.",0,2,"Dec  8, 2015"
10,"Half Free by U.S. Girls is Meg Remy's' debut for the legendary 4AD label.  This album does not disappoint in any way. Anyone that has been following this recording artists' career, knows she is willing to take chances, and push the envelope in the underground music world.
U.S. Girls is now emerging as a major force to be reckoned with in the future. Why? because she always has her ear to the ground musically and surrounds herself with highly talented people like Onakabazien and Slim Twig.
This is truly an artist in every sense of the word. Coming from noise roots originally....Meg's vocal stylings have at times been masked..... in earlier recordings.
This album showcases an artist who isn't afraid to be vulnerable with her amazing, pure, soulful vocal stylings. The album is diverse....urban and universal. Highly recommended as is all of her earlier releases as well. 10 stars. **********
All the tracks and videos are outstanding....some may take some time to grow on you....but that's a great artist for you.  If a critic didn't rate this at least with a score in the 90th percentile....they just didn't get it....but YOU the listener should certainly get this release. Peace.",1,1,"Dec 29, 2015"
8,"Fantastic albums, but the rerelease is pretty lame. Box is about 10' x 10' of mostly air, with the actual CDs inside miniture LP replicas that are the size of the CDs. The booklet has a nice essay and photographs and takes the full 10' x 10' dimensions, but could've been shrunk down so the overall box didn't take up unnecessary space. The extra disc contains some good jams, but nothing particularly new that would've made it stand up as an album on its own.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2014"
6,"This album is kinda beautiful but not enough. It is mostly made of sharp harsh sounds that have been smoothed over during production. The most colourful and pretty track of the album is the title track, Bcs. It is similarly harsh, though, it has a nicer chord progression that adds more character to it. I probably wouldn't bother telling anyone about this album unless someone was looking for something unusual that's not typical to their taste. Kinda dystopian sounding.",0,5,"May 26, 2014"
8,"Not an album for everyone, but ultimately i feel this will be one of the most unique and unorthodox singer song writer albums of the year.  Very good blend of Folk, blues, Rock, experimental, and noise. Pretty much every track here is at least lightly noteworthy, maybe besides What Is It Baby?",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
10,"A trip waiting to be experienced. She'll take to new places and leave you stranded. Heavy bass and drums punctuate and pretty guitar licks swim. Carla sultry voice entices and then puts you in your place. A wild amalgam of noises all perfectly orchestrated by this master producer",0,0,"Mar  4, 2015"
9,"I have been following Yoko Ono's music since 1981's 'Season of Glass'  the quintessential Yoko Ono album made immediately after husband/ex-beatle John Lennon was shot to death mercilessly outside their apartment building. This new album has lots for her legions of fans to enjoy. 'Leaving Tim' and 'Chesire Cat Cry' are my favorites. It's hard to actually say 'favorites' because I like the whole album. It's the voice of a woman who has seen all the bad and great things life has to offer.  And that's saying a lot. Yes, despite going through so much in life and now being 80 y.o. she continues on in her hip way making cool music which is relevant and worth listening to. John would be proud and happy over this album. This world lacks style, and most people prefer listening to tacky, throw-away, meaningless artists...",0,0,"Oct 10, 2013"
9,"Slow Focus is a dense album for newcomers to the group, however for people looking for a challenging but ultimately satisfying electro album, it can't be beat.",2,2,"Jul 30, 2013"
8,"One big factor of the success of this album is that  Buttons are now beginning to experiment with how they can build their compositions into the monsters they become by removing drum patterns for certain segments and removing synth progressions for lengths of time to improve their already brilliant control of dynamics. They were always criticised for having that one trick of building and building, no matter how effective that trick was, but it seems that they've either listened to that criticism and taken it on board or woken up to the problem themselves.
Prince's Prize is perhaps the only disappointing track on the entire album; it wouldn't feel part of any  Buttons release that I can remember because of how unusually clean and (yep) amateur the introduction sounds. But that's only one poor moment on another solid release from the both of them. Tarot Sport was near impossible to follow up, and even though Slow Focus perhaps doesn't quite capture the galactic wonder their previous two had in abundance because of its slightly smaller sound, it's more than enough to see them around the top of a few year-end lists.",1,1,"Jul 24, 2013"
0,"Here is my review of the ATP,
ATP have got to be one of the worst bands Ive come across. Their new song  Buttons sounds like they left a microphone in the room of a tesla coil experiment. It makes me sick, as an avid music enthusiast that there are bands like this out there who are also in profit. I cant believe these  are touring to Australia, anyone that is senseless enough to buy a ticket to see them is a victim of a scam.
Its a good this that they arent not very well known. I would suggest that they quit while they are behind, before they fall further behind. I applaud them for trying to create something new, but at the same time, I despise ****ing bands that do this and then become self-proclaimed heroes afterwards.
All in all, All Tomorrows Parties will leave all todays listeners with a headache.",0,3,"Sep 10, 2013"
8,"Electronic Duo  Buttons on their third album create a seductive sound-scape. An electronic world to fall in love with, one that slowly reveals itself. With early songs Brainfreeze and Year of the Dog it teases you, draws you in with a rough but well built sound, an interesting sound. Its that intrigue that makes you listen to the rest of the album. Much with their past work, the sound of the album is atmospheric and awesome. They create fields and oceans of sounds, and it just feels so grand with Brainfreeze feeling like its moving away from the Olympics, (which got them some recognition) and moving on into the future, it builds a sound of olympic scale.
An important factor to the album is that it sounds like a  Buttons record. There is some drone, there are swirling synths and strings, the tracks are long and propels you into the future. The final two tracks Stalker and Hidden XS are very grand and mysterious, with sounds that feel like they are from electronic eras of different futures, retro-futurism almost, its intriguing. The album can go from the dreamy and to the soothing to the distorted in the form of The Red Wind.
Overall the album is a strong 7 track album, but I feel that some of the longer tracks, like the opener can drag on a bit too much, and I think that can be a problem with experimental music, it can occasionally tend to take its time to climax, but its usually worth the wait.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2013"
8,"It's a challenging listen for anyone who doesn't have the attention span for continuous, drone-y noises with no major structural changesas if their band name didn't departure them enough from the mainstream demographic that considers anything instrumental 'boring'. But for anybody who has followed F*** Buttons from the beginning, Slow Focus is an unpredictable journey into the musicianship of a duo that never hasn't sounded so unexpectedly theirs'. It's an excellent experience for music listeners who don't just appreciate ambient/experimental electronica, but how endless the boundaries are of music that sounds so simple on the surface to begin with.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2014"
7,"Really love how these guys are expanding their sound. Totally agree with MusiclyMade, about criticism about this band having only one trick  but they have definitely risen above on this one.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2013"
6,"Locrian since 2005 have been putting out music that is a mixture of drone, noise rock and black metal. I can see all of these sounds on Return to Annihilation but its the mixture that for me, sits uneasily. They dont seem to be able to do the death metal elements as deftly as Deafheaven, nor the drone elements like Sunn O))) but this is because they mix genres together to create the sound of Locrian.
The album starts of with the shortest track out of seven, Eternal Return. Its a song I actually like because it is condensed and concise. Its a song that knows where its going and gets there fast, unlike the majority of the album which at points feels like watching paint dry. It just feels a bit slow at points, a bit too elongated and the wait is too long for the return.
The combination of genres doesnt seem to play in well with the length either. On one hand you have this long drone song, that has a minute of black metal and noise tagged on at the end, and it all feels very loose sort of, the cement in between the bricks hasnt properly dried. Its nice to look at, but it will easily fall apart.
Maybe the stand out track is the title track, Return to Annihilation, a surprisingly catchy song due to melodic lead guitar. Its a song that seems to blend all of the elements that are scattered around the seven tracks into one. It is a solid track that is powerful and tormenting. Synthy drones and dramatic sinister male vocals droning on as if a group of monks where serenading the end of the world blend into fuzzy guitars and pounding drums. Yet I feel that later on Panorama Mirrors tries to copy this and fails, I dont see why they have done that. Album closer Obsolete Elegies tries to bring this sound back at the end of the song which just doesnt work because after a fantastic first half, the second half feels redundant and boring, it cant capture the goodness.
Overall Return to Annihilation features some interesting ideas and sounds, but at the end of the day it is an album that can get ahead of itself and become a little repetitive, leaving you in disappointment.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2013"
7,"Think of Tom Waits in mutant stomp mode and the rock/pop sensibilities of The Brian Jonestown Massacre in combination.  Sound messy?  Well, in theory it ought to be and 'Your Turn' does on occasion sound it  only in a good way though  whilst at others it has a surprisingly clean and direct approach.  By no means is this a pop album and it can't be said it's outstandingly original, but it is a satisfying and enjoyable chunk of noise.  Behind its ramshackle aspect a lot of thought and skill has gone into its creation so, if you're in a rollicking mood, this is a good choice of record to spin.  I'd have given it 7 out of 10 if I could have.",2,3,"Jun  6, 2013"
10,"An album that has made this year completely worth it in terms of music. It is an elegant painting, with Scott as the artist. Lyrically, the album is extremely comprehensive. Don't expect to understand these lyrics unless you're well read. Even if you aren't well read you can just as easily look up the various unfamiliar terms and references Scott makes throughout this masterpiece. The music, however, can easily be appreciated through analysis of it's complex composition and unique use of various instruments. The percussion is especially of high quality here, and while many people were worried with Scott's use of various synthesizers and heavy guitar riffs on this album, they work great. The strings, as usual, are fantastic. This album is worthy of carrying the name 'Bosch' as it's title, it is a portrait in itself, various pictures and images of humanities tyrannies, sins, and addictions. Scott shows us how it really is, in a cynical manner to be expected of the man who once sung songs about Gonorrhea and Dictators. The images and pictures may seem disconnected at first, but much like Bosch's paintings they come together to form one beautiful piece.",2,2,"Dec 13, 2012"
10,"He has broken the cycle. It is only 6 years since The Drift, 5 years earlier than expected. It is monumental, difficult, demanding, baffling, impossible and opaque everything to be expected from a Scott Walker record. It is also wondrous. The fact is exists and is released is incredible. I could give it 0 or 10, but it has to be a 10, because it must be heard at least once.",2,3,"Dec  4, 2012"
2,"With all due respect to Scott Walker's body of work but this is the most overrated album of the year-extremely exhausting listening experience with almost none of the payoff.Hope he 'll start to write songs again one day soon instead of these quasi-avantgarde exercises in self-importance.",2,6,"Dec 26, 2012"
1,"Even if this record is a clever one, it is, first of all, a boring one. It is hardly possible to listen to it through at one occasion and, moreover, after one time I could not find any will to listen again. Critics have probably listened to another record. This one is really bad.",2,8,"Dec  8, 2012"
0,"I loved The Drift and Tilt, but this album was literally full of farting noises, yo mama jokes, and cacophonous and aimless noises masquerading as songs that sound like a Scott Walker parody by a particularly unfunny comedian.",0,1,"Feb 26, 2013"
5,"it's odd, I'l give you that. And horrendously difficult to listen to at the best of times, and sometimes, in the nicest way possible, a little humorous, for the odd and random lyrics and... um, noises, particularly on track 2. And alot of the tracks on this album go on a little too long than they should really, but I am not counting out that at times, Bisch Bosch can be an entertaining listen, and a pleasing one as well. But Bisch Bosch is unfortunately a bit of an unnecessary album.",0,1,"Jan 27, 2014"
10,"Some seem eager to dismiss Bish Bosch as trite and pretentious.  But this album is hilarious as much as it is disturbing or nontraditional in the context of popular music. I think it fits well in the Walker canon and shows compositional and lyrical continuity with his body of work, even early songs like Plastic Palace People and The Amorous Humphrey Plugg he wrote on 'Scott 2' from 1968.  Granted, the humor found throughout in the lyrics and musical juxtaposition is not the same postmodern smirky sort more typical to today's popular music idiom (save maybe Zappa).  But Walker's humor and crassness, alternately veiled and explicit, is in a vein related to continentals like Brecht, Weill, Brel, Heiner Mller (or Satie's occasionally obscene piece titles) and even the dirty puns of part-time ex-pat Cole Porter.  I wouldn't want to predicate evaluating or enjoying this album on trying to decipher if it's a put-on, a prank, or 'Art,' which ultimately doesn't matter.  Listen at face value. Enjoy the rich helpings of words, puns, jokes, and sounds.  The album is well recorded.  The musical textures and timbres are rich.  Even when the music is sparse, the atmosphere is thick--he previously studied classical and contemporary music and Gregorian chant.  His previous 2007 ballet composition 'And who shall go to the ball?' is also a worthwhile instrumental listen.  Walker's performance on Bish Bosch is expressionistic and theatrical.  It evokes word and sound collage images of pain, cruelty, irrationality, and banality, in addition to being very, very funny.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2013"
8,"There is only one word to describe this album: weird...
If 'The Drift' was an modern avant garde horror pop opera, then 'Bish Bosch' is it's wacky experimental cousin. Walker experiments a lot with repetition, instrumental minimalism and mixing strange opposite sounds and ideas on this record. The intro song 'See you don't bump his head' makes this clear featuring a repeating drum beat with Scott's crooning vocals on top of them, while being exposed to shots of noise and a ethereal synthesizer.
'Corps de Blah' and 'SDSS1416+13B (Zercon, A Flagpole Sitter)' and 'Dimple' give a nice twist on the sound Walker experimented with on 'The Drift'.
The album's absolute highlight is definitely the lead single 'Epizootics!' a nice heavy, thick, experimental jazz romp that I simply cannot resist to dance to. 'It's dense. Tense. Unseen through pound for pound' as Walker sings over one the freaking perfect drum breakdowns I have heard.
Like I said in my Le1f - 'Riot Boi' review, some experiments can fail. There are some tracks that couldn't quite match the quality of some of the other tracks. E.g. 'Tar'.
'Bish Bosch' is a rough listen given how wacky and abstract it is. But I don't think that Mr. Walker wanted to be highbrow and smart on this record. Yes the album has it's dark spots, but it manages to sound incredibly playful. It almost has this childish charm to it. Just read into the lyrics of some of these tracks and you'll most likely understand.
Fav Tracks: See You Don't Bump His Head, Epizootics!, Dimple, The Day The 'Conducator' Died
Least Fav Tracks: Tar",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
8,"A lot of people might complain that it's too chaotic and at times makes no sense, but for long-time followers of GLK this is something to be expected, and at this point, part of the journey. As confusing as it's diverse, Breakthrough is a must-listen for Brainfeeder fans, and a good introduction to the world of the Gaslamp Killer.",1,1,"Oct 25, 2012"
9,"Great album! It doesn't sound like Sonic Youth, the dissonances are gone, the experimentation too. However, the songwriting is superb. And lyrics are mostly good. If you know who Lee Ranaldo is and you want to find out this record, you will probably like it! Recommended!",0,0,"Mar 25, 2012"
8,"When I played it, I have no idea about this album or it's concept, but the result was nice but scary. This is the class of albums that you hear alone in a sad night. Difficult to hear it, but it's worthwhile.",1,1,"Mar  2, 2012"
6,"'Patience (After Sebald)' is the latest album by James Kirby for The Caretaker project. Kirby is known not only from the plethora of used nicknames, but also for singularity of music that he creates. This album is certainly not for everyone and I certainly won't lie if I say that it was designed for a narrow audience.  Although in the background you hear piano or synthesizers in a nice arrangement, nevertheless the noise genre is quite specific - you can not conceal it, but in this case it works to the detriment of the album. Good soundtrack for burglars and dingy hotels though.",0,1,"Apr 26, 2012"
8,"This one is very similar to ''An Empty Bliss Beyond This World', but 'Patience' is more dynamic. The artist used more instruments (piano, synthesizer...). The music is very loopy, static, has a 'grainy texture' to it. Also very melancholic, sad. The cover image captures the mood of the album perfectly (a lighthouse on a little island in the middle of the sea, its raining and night). Recommended.",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
10,"I'd say, easily the best rock album of 2011, in my opinion and most likely the best band you've never heard of. I've seen them twice and wasn't disappointed. I love this band and I hope they continue to succeed!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2016"
2,"Perfect album to fall asleep to but it is not , by any degree, a work of art to encourage your friends to listen to. It meanders too much without any depth beneath it.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2011"
3,"I just can't get into stuff like this, I've tried but I really can't get into it. I just get bored and kind of annoyed when I listen to stuff like this.",1,3,"Feb 25, 2011"
8,"Not too much different from the previous album, but the 20 minute self titled track is the best thing I've heard all year. This is a beautifully atmospheric, relaxing album that sucks you in. Although, I don't feel like the cello did that much good on it, but it's still goes well with the rest of the instrumentation.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2011"
9,"Something Dirty is a really enjoyable trip by one of the most legendary bands in rock history. The first half of the album contains the best material.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2012"
2,"I don't get it. I have listened to all the 'best of' new music from James Blake, Lykke Li, Destroyer, Nicolas Jaar and whilst this album scores highly on metacritic, i don't get it. I have tried to listen to it countless times but its too random. No structure. Rubbish actually.",1,2,"Apr  3, 2011"
10,"This is about as good as a dark ambient album gets, with a plethora of electronic and dub thrown in for good measure. Good, scary measure. I'm not sure if I'd consider it one of the best albums of the year, but I'm giving it a 10 to offset the reviews by people who've never listened to ambient before and need Eno in their lives.",0,1,"Apr 21, 2011"
10,"One of the best albums of the year so far! Expansive yet profound, the perfect dark ambient album. Standouts include Forest of Evil (Dusk), Bardo Thodol, and Hashishishin Chant.",0,1,"Apr 22, 2011"
10,"Lookiing for dresses? here you can go:    www.bestdressprice.com below is what people say after order dresses hereAha, thank you guys, i love the dresses and all my girls are happy with the dresses!!! so excited when i got the dresses yesterday!",3,3,"Dec 30, 2010"
10,"Yeah, do agree with C. BestDressPrice.com also made my wedding wonderful! Extraordinary.The dress is very beautiful. the moment i saw it i felt in love with it.Wow, do you want to see any pictures? just email me!",2,2,"Dec 30, 2010"
9,"Deserves much wider acclaim. Fantastic.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2010"
10,"I think the idea of this site(bestdressprice.com) is amazing and having the option to western union the payment is GENIUS!!!I want to say thank you for making a good product It was well tailored I have to make a few adjustments but overall I'm happy.........I would like to request more male clothing though, but I will definitely be a long term customer once again thank you!",1,1,"May 25, 2011"
10,"thank you so much, Claudia, the dress i got from bestdressprice.com is AMAZING!! i do loooooooooove the dress and all my friends said it's so beautiful!",0,0,"May 30, 2011"
10,"In my opinion the best album of 2010, not that this was a good year in music anyways, but still a great album with every song being unique and still related. Arial perfects the lo-fi formula with this album improving on his previous work and finally reaching his peak to this day.",2,2,"Nov  3, 2010"
9,"One of the best album of 2010 in my opinion and one of my favourite lo-fi albums of all time. It sounds a lot like music from the eighties, but there isn't a band from the era that sounds like them.",1,1,"Jul  9, 2011"
9,"What a outrageous album! It's elegant, cool, psychedelic and at the same time, different, from anything I've ever seen (even if the album contains influences from the '80s and '90s. Love it, and you must love it too.",1,1,"Jun 10, 2012"
9,"Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti might seem to be a throwback to the previous decades of music, but in fact this is one of the most modern albums to come out this year.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2010"
6,"It feels as if every alternative band nowadays tries to go 80's on us, and it isn't working. The album would be better off without any vocals, and the rhythms are the only thing that keeps this somewhat intelligent album afloat. But hey, it works a little bit.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
7,"What a diverse album this is. Imagine a hybrid band of Joy Division and the Pixies with a synth player playing at a Halloween Disco party. It",0,0,"Nov  4, 2011"
10,"In my humble opinion, the best record of the decade. The lo-fi mingled noises confuse the listener into a maelstrom of memories and nostalgia, a lysergic trip from the past directed into the future of the music. Superficial? Irresponsible? Already heard? Maybe, but whoever expects the greatest record of the decade to perform a real shift in society may listen more carefully to the message in the final track: revolution is a lie.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2015"
10,"The best electronic album since Untrue. FlyLo blends a number of different styles together very effectively to create a unique, immersive soundscape. This album seizes your brain and doesn't let go for 45 minutes of pure awesomeness, leaving you a more complete, enlightened person than you were before. There's so much to discover on this album, and it only continues to sound better every time I listen to it. Even if you're not really into electronic music, you should check this out. It's unique, progressive, and incredibly fun.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2012"
8,"This album has all the ideas of Los Angeles, but I feel like it's more scatterbrained and restless. Instead of tracks following any logical progression, sounds are thrown at the listener in any order. Still, the soundscapes created are fantastic, and the album lives up to its title. I prefer LA, but this is nice for different reasons.",1,1,"Jan 21, 2015"
6,"Sensory overload is how I'd describe this record from the California based producer Steven Ellison. There are certainly highs and lows, all happening within seconds of each other. Sometimes it works, but for the most part it's a mess not worth picking up.",1,4,"Dec  6, 2011"
7,"If your into your cutting edge electronica this is great. If not give it a skip. I'm not fanatical  about this genre but at the same time I enjoy a bit of it. I think this record is over rated - it is a good album but not so sure about the rave reviews it's gotten. As the Q reviews says - Radiohead fans should exercise caution :-)",0,1,"Dec 19, 2011"
10,"Only discovered Flying Lotus this year. What a discovery! He has a very unique style of music. Cosmogramma is one of the best albums I have ever heard. It is so complex, but oh-so beautiful. I can definitely pick up some Radiohead influences in this album (not just because Thom Yorke stars in one of the tracks). Drips//Aunties Harp is a much prettier version of Myxamatosis. Great album! Top 3 of the year for sure",0,0,"Sep 30, 2010"
9,"One of the few albums out there that could change a person's opinion on music completely. A cohesive blend of 4/4 dance, messy jazz and supreme production make this album as funky, as fun and as erratic as it could have been.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2012"
9,"A masterpiece of sound, blending four-on-the-floor drums with jazz, among a host of diverse influences. The album is cohesive as a whole, with each track blending into the other, but each track stands alone as well. A true step forward in electronica; the only reason I rated it a  is because I believe FlyLo can do better. This is hard to describe, just listen to (youtube): Zodiac **** Do the Astral Plane, Recoiled (for a taste)",0,0,"Jul 15, 2011"
10,"Cosmogramma really brought Flying Lotus to the forefront of the IDM/downtempo scene, and for good reason. It really is a melting pot of genres, bringing together jazz, funk, hip-hop and garage to create one of the most diverse albums of recent years. Guest appearances from Thundercat and Thom Yorke add to the fun. Even if you don't enjoy the album as a whole, there's something here for just about everyone.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2012"
10,"I've liked Flying Lotus for a while, but Cosmogramma is without question his best piece of work yet.  1983 and Los Angeles were great, but they didn't work as albums nearly as well as Cosmogramma does.  There really isn't a better way to play this album than from front to back.  Sure, certain tracks stand out and can easily be skipped to, but it takes away from the full effect of the album.  This is an album's album... not for all you cornballs out there who judge albums by how good their 'singles' are.  The first three tracks are pretty sporadic and instantly suck you in to the album, but the album doesn't really pick up steam until Intro/Cosmic Drama.  Considering it's called 'Intro' it makes sense.  This track sets the tone for the rest of the album, and if you aren't officially pulled in by the next track 'Zodiac S***' than your eardrums are tainted.  There are several influences that Flying Lotus uses, so it is impossible to put any of this album in to a one specific genre.  The heaviest influence is jazz, as there are plenty of horns, but more importantly the song structures mimic jazz quite a bit.  Jazz is all about the unexpected and switching gears at will.  Cosmogramma consistently does this, so good luck trying to identify individual songs once the album hits the halfway mark.  Other influences include hip-hop, dub step, electronic, and even classical music, so I guess you could call this an 'experimental' album.  This album is an intoxicating experience.  The middle portion of 'Arkesty', 'Mmmm Hmm', and 'Do the Astral Plane' is excellent and shows how well FlyLo can blend songs together so effortlessly.  'Do the Astral Plane' is my personal favorite track and is without question the one track on the album that makes you want to dance your a$$ off.  There are only three tracks with guest vocalists and they're all excellent.  'And the World Laughs With You' features Thom Yorke, 'Mmmm Hmmm' features Thundercat, and the 2nd to last track 'Table Tennis' features, in my opinion, the best vocalist match in Laura Darlington.  If that track doesn't lift you in to some sort of spiritual plane, than nothing will.  It even uses a sample of a ping pong ball volley.  The closing track 'Galaxy in Janaki' is the perfect swan song, and even at 18 tracks, leaves you wanting more.  This is as close to flawless as an album can get.  Completely original and always surprising.  One of my essential albums.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2012"
10,"A brilliant work, takes you on a miniature journey. Excellent to listen to with headphones. Not a dull moment, completely engrossing all the way through.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2013"
9,"Flylo really is something original and not a single beat is an electronic sound heard previously. He reinvents the genre fusing jazz and hip hop into a satisfying blend.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2015"
9,"So effing dope, FlyLo delivers such delicious agressive beats, stomping on top of quivering synths... a euphoric sound- I could never get sick of this album.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2013"
9,"A great blend of sound, and an incredibly consistent album. Every song stands out in one way or another, and the sounds are varied and perfectly put together.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
9,"While Los Angeles has its roots still sample based Hip-Hop, had dashes of Trip-Hop and Electronica, Cosmogramma goes beyond the far reaches of any boxed genre I can think of. The closest I can relate it to is avant garde jazz w/ some futuristic head nodding space grooves. A feeble attempt at classifying something that could very well be a considered a new genre. I know it's been said before about some of his work, but now so more than ever does FlyLo make that argument legit.
What I'm not struggling with is the pure genius that bleeds through the speakers in many of the small moments. The first couple of tracks didn't leave a huge impression on me, but as with the last LP, helps set the stage for stronger cuts like 'A Comic Drama' and 'Zodiac S*!!'. Both are your 'typical' solid FlyLo tracks. At that point the album could have coasted and probably still have been a solid 3rd album effort... but all of a sudden we get the intense build of 'Computer Face//Pure Being' kicking it up notches beyond dope. The Nintendo generation will have shades of 'Mega Man' esq loops interlaced and woven all throughout the track. Never missing a beat from thereon out, the album is loaded with those 'holy s$!!' moments of musical ecstasy and you find yourself lost. From the head jerking 'Recoiled', the interlocking drums on 'Arkestry' to the woozy groove and lush strings of 'Do the Astral Plane'; I find myself torn: drawn to each song in its own right and yet never fully being able to commit to a strong favorite above the rest. The sublime 'German Haircut' is another blessing w/ Ravi Coltrane providing smooth Tenor Sax to the mix. Heavy synths and keys on 'Dance of the Pseudo Nymph' require as much deep concentration as it does a mandatory nod of the skull. All the way up until 'Galaxy in Janaki' (which also stands out as an epic symphonic conclusion to the performance) this piece of music captivates your attention and commands your eardrum. I will say that the vocal performances to me are not as tight as on LA, but it's only due to the production simply overwhelming them here. I find myself clinging to the harps, strings; yes... the table tennis match becomes more consuming than the return collaboration of Laura Darlington and the agility of Thundercat's bass guitar as apposed to his vocal contributions. Even the welcome appearance of Yorke seems to serve its purpose as better exposure for FlyLo as apposed to actually adding the significant value you would think. Not to say that these players don't bring anything to the table. They are merely servants to FlyLo's bag of tricks, rightfully never able to wrestle the beat away from his control. He creates a beautiful canvas of sound that seamlessly moves from neck breaking to deeply satisfying grooves. Before you know it, you're constantly skipping back to pick out your favorite moments, only to vanish again in the overall flow of the album. Call it blasphemy, but Cosmogramma gives me the same feelings I got when I first heard Endtroducing... back in late '97; an album where I'm still trying to peel back all the layers even today.
Years later there is plenty I need to digest here and I continue to love this album as they go by. Those wanting more of the same FlyLo might find their boundaries being pushed forward into unexpected realms of musical imagination.  As a fresh purchase this deserves high praise, but experiencing its long term effects will produce the most enjoyment... every time i pick it up again it has me in strangle hold almost impossible to break from.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2013"
10,"Flying Lotus's music is quite off the wall and many can only scratch their heads when they listen to his second album  Cosmogramma. So why does flylo conduct this strange, experimental, mishmash of styles? What makes flylo so easy for me to appreciate is the fact that no matter what, he will stick to the type of music he wants to do. He could make an entertaining dubstep album, a ground breaking hip hop collaboration, or even an experimental hip hop album. Similar to most great musicians, the music he makes is the center of his life. He has said that his music is his escape and it is what makes him feel like a kid again. He is also a fan of cartoons growing up watching adult swim and that same cartoon-ish aesthetic is the backbone of Cosmogramma. The Flying Lotus project is abstract and strange and I have seen that this album is not for everybody. This album bounces around constantly and is unsettling, but the constant energy is what makes this album such undeniable beauty. I treat this album as a concept album at times and I do believe that it does have a concept to it. Cosmogramma can mean many things and the listener has to use their imagination to figure out what it means. The first few words are 'i have this world but nobody would believe me if I said it exists.' Later in the album in his song with Thom Yorke, Yorke sings, 'I need to know you're out there just need to know you're out there somewhere...and the world laughs with you.' To me, this represents the experience of being shut up by the world. Towards the end of the album there is a metaphor using table tennis to relate the feeling of being rebounded and powered by a certain force. Cosmogramma represents the experience of life with being an upbeat and joyful kid, marveling at life and beauty then growing up and losing all of the innocence and happiness then finding passion, sex, social interactions, and being overwhelmed by a higher figure. There is not much else I can say about this album. It is simply pure overwhelming beauty.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2013"
8,"Cosmogramma is a crazy, genre-bending work of beauty. Flying Lotus doesn't miss a second on this LP, making sure to incorporate something new at every moment. While impressive, that can also be slightly exhausting at times. However, if you're exhausted by a piece of  music, it's doing something right. One thing's for sure, this 45-minute long trip-hoppy, jazzy, dancey record will never have you bored.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"Flylo never fails, and this album is no exception.............................................................................(i had to fill characters)",0,0,"Jun 11, 2016"
9,"A truly great album. Their best work yet, with some of the most beautiful post-rock passages I've heard in a while. That guitar melody on Giving Birth to Imagined Saviors is just incredible.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2010"
10,"I don't listen to pompous garbage, so I'll just rate it based on the title. First? It's obviously real artsy and superior. I mean, Jesus, with a title like that, anything less than a conceptual album providing an allegory for all of history is just a let down. Also, I like how the title lets us know how philosophical and deep the band is. It really lets us know how they are the keepers of the secrets of the universe. I guess I'll just have to give this record a spin so I can figure out the meaning of life!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2010"
8,"Excellent.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2010"
3,"Probably Liars' worst record in an otherwise solid discography. I know they're usually great at trying different directions, but this one doesn't work for me. It's too dark, even for them, and it leaves me with a weird taste in my mouth afterwards.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2014"
9,"Some of the highest quality electronic/ambient music. Joy to the ears (Well the only track I do not like is 'The Making Of Grief Point' with it's vocals... It does not go well with the rest of the album).  For those who like quality music I can only recommend this.",2,3,"Jan 21, 2013"
9,"very beautiful and talented record. frightens and touches deeply. somehow unnoticed and underrated. reminds me of early depeche mode - voice, emotions and pretty melodies",0,0,"Oct 29, 2010"
9,"Very sexy a great album you can easily vibe out to. I love most of the songs in it and the sound is so well crafted it's easy to just leave on and listen to the whole thing without feeling the need to skip any song.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
8,"Leave the discussion whether chillwave has a long life ahead of itself and listen to this gem. Toro Y Moi gorgeously mixes psychedelia and electronica and ends up with an album that never fails to bewitch. Chazwick Bundick got the attention thanks to Blessa but there are better tracks on this record. Imprint After has a great piano part, while Low Shoulder touches both on nostalgia and fun. Chazwick proves he is a talented singer, hitting on different notes with always good results. Causers of This feel like a love letter to the",0,0,"Nov  6, 2011"
9,"Despite the efforts to discredit this works, this album is filled with rich nuanced falsettos and clicky summer sound scapes that instantly re-listenable. The range in emotions are immense considering they focus on a crumbling relationship. It is and forever will be a landmark in Chillwave.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2014"
10,"If you own only one piece of music from the small and quick musical movement known as chillwave - make it this album. Chaz Bundick is a music genius and continues to make gold no matter the genre he experiments in.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2015"
10,"There's no reason i wouldn't recommend this album. it's different than anything I've ever heard. sounds like mogwai just from like 30 years in the future. some of it is similar to M83's first record. there's more risk-taking here though and the music is powerful. John W obviously isn't on board with progressive music so fuck buttons him anyways.",1,1,"Nov  5, 2009"
10,"The songs on this album have more room to breath compared to the debut album. It is also infinitely more accessible.",1,1,"Oct 23, 2009"
9,"Great time. Not for everyone, but if you enjoyed the first release, you'll love this one too. Slightly more accessible than the first album.",1,1,"Oct 29, 2009"
9,"It's strange how highly acclaimed electronic albums on Metacritic always get dissed by people who obviously never listen to them. Seems like a bit of a waste of time to me, time I'd rather spend listening to for instnace the Flight of the Feathered Serpent, which sounds to me like Godspeed You Black Emperor playing along to Born Slippy. Can't be bad!",1,1,"Nov  9, 2009"
9,"This is a stunning album, a very addictive fresh sound. I thought it might not have much substance or longevity but I was wrong, I can`t get bored of this beautiful tribal psychedelic noise classic.",1,1,"Nov 13, 2009"
9,"Electronic Post-Rock. Perfect background noise, yet ballsy enough to take the foreground.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2009"
10,"Raw, unrefined, genius. Absolutely brilliant.",1,1,"Nov 19, 2009"
10,"Just amazing stuff...really bringing drone back into the discussion when it comes to electronica genres. Great.",1,1,"Nov 29, 2009"
9,"Just cant resist this wonderful tzunami.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2009"
8,"So John W., why don't you just do it and make a critically acclaimed album? Good music has nothing to do with how well you can play your instrument, surely punk rock has taught us that. It has to do with song structure, creativity, and wordplay. Actually, I haven't heard this yet, but since the band name rules and I like the color green, I'll give it an 8.",1,1,"Oct 28, 2009"
1,"WOW really? This is not good at all...it doesn't take much these days to be highly acclaimed does it? Just push a bunch of 'buttons' and make noise no one has to have any real musical talent to play this crap..I could make better jams on garageband using apple loops!",0,1,"Oct 24, 2009"
9,"Muscular, menacing, monolithic. This album has IT ALL. A spectacular tour de force for this English duo. They've gone more melodic, more anthemic with throbbing, stabbing beats and soaring chords. Completely and totally kick-ass display.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2009"
9,"The opening notes of Surf Solar took me back to the 70's Klaus Schulze and then charges forward. The Fuck Buttons combine old school electronic washes, power electronics muscle with crunchy beats and opaque rythms. The Lisbon Maru, with its military march recalls Vangelis' To The Unknown Man. I dig the rhythmic jerkiness of Phantom Limb. They've gone for the big beat and left the wonderful denseness of OK, Let's Talk About Magic behind.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2009"
8,"Interestingly entertaining. Also, if you think you need no talent and that you can do better, then do it. Make it, release it on the internet and tell us where on the Meta forums.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2009"
10,"You know those electronic/ambient albums by a band who you think can't get any better? Well this album is certainly not one of those bands because their sophomore album blew me away. Tarot Sport is one of the best electronic albums this year.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2009"
10,"This album is sick in the best possible way. No other band is culling these kinds of sounds to the transcendent payoff that F**k Buttons are. Tarot Sport is both an electronic and post-rock masterpiece, with each track flowing seamlessly into the next to form one glorious record. I was afraid the rest of the record wouldn't hold up to the great opener, 'Surf Solar', but it does. Oh, it absolutely does. If you're a fan of both Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Justice, you would be crazy to skip this one.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2009"
8,"For those uninitiated who are baffled with their critical success, keep in mind that these guys are still a noise band. Noise is not for everybody.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
7,"I don't know why 'John' put 'quotes' around the word 'buttons.' Is it because the word 'buttons' is in the name of the band Fuck 'Buttons?' Hmm. Good point. Oh yeah. Great records. Better than their first!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2009"
1,"Really overrated and lazy music. It's just a bunch of noise with a beat occasionally thrown over top.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2009"
9,"Nice album. Builds up to some great moments, and is making my essay writing easier!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2009"
9,"Excellently recorded. Carefully crafted. Beautiful symphonies of noise.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
1,"Wow this is absolutely horrendous. find a cool sound on your computer, loop it over and over for 5 minutes, and then scream like some 15-year-old emo kid into a microphone distorted to sound like youre in a trashcan for another 5 minutes, and youll get a 9.0 rating from pitchfork and all these other idiotic, lonely hipster dudes who somehow caught a job reviewing music because they have so much time on their hands due to the fact that all they do is play video games and talk about zombie movies. THIS IS NOT MUSIC. if you want to listen to the background music for a movie, then this is what youll love. horrendous.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2009"
10,"Love this record!!!",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
9,"Solid effort... Powerless is a top track.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Amazing return to form.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Brilliant, compelling, wild, experimental, heavy. I gave this album my full attention, in a dark room, like a movie, and it blew me away. It's an organic, shimmering, kaleidoscopic gem of a creation.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Hands down the album of the year unless someone delives a miracle by NYE. The vitality and energy here is shocking. This is a truly great rock band, and this is a truly great experimental record that takes tremendous risks.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
9,"Mesmerizing - a return to the weird rockiness for the Lips. Wayne Coyne is back to writing great philosophical meanderings after taking a brief break with At War with the Mystics (which was a misfire for the band and Wayne).",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
9,"The Lips are timeless...and this album is no exception. But what is even more refreshing than their dependable nature is the fact that they've continued to evolve as a band. They haven't stagnated. A wonderful listen.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
9,"Finally some NOISE!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"This is the best Lips album since The Soft Bulletin.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Awesomeness! Maybe the best album I've heard all year and I've heard more than my share! Mind-boggling and very experimental. I couldn't believe that this band has been around for some 20 odd years!!!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
9,"Superb - back to their psych roots and loving it! One of the best albums of the year and their career.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
9,"Weirdly fantastic. Early Floyd meets John Cage.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
9,"Awesome drums, bass, and electronics here. After a lackluster output in 'Mystics,' The Flaming Lips are back and better than ever.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
10,"The Flaming Lips have once again proven that they are one of the most lasting bands in the music scene today with their newest masterpiece, Embryonic.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
10,"This gives Grizzly Bear a real competitor for Album of 2009.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
9,"The NME actually gave the album a 9/10, the 0/10 is a typo. Do you even read the content of these reviews? They even called it a masterpiece, I would've thought that'd be a pretty big clue that something was up. Good going, Metacritic!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Incredible album, start to finish, and the group's best since The Soft Bulletin. Innovative and completely unorthodox but I think it's probably their most accessible yet.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Since when the observer, guardian and rolling stones understand REAL music? this should be album of the year, period. Metacritic better weight better the real critics with the lousy, mainstream ones.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
9,"The album is a bit weird at times but The Flaming Lips have proven their superior musical talent 10 years after the flawless Soft Bulletin.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"One of the year's best and a return to form for the Lips. Excellent album.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Nothing they've done before compares to this, and yet, somehow it's all led up to this blast of sonic energy, a spastic mess of guitar, animal sounds, digressions on madness and a final throwing up of the hands (yes, it's over, we can say no more). This is exactly the type of miscalculated, messy, audacious album I'd hoped they'd make. They're already good, but this is something quite else.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
6,"All of the songs are just jams. That's really cool and all, but none of the songs have a real backbone. Just some drum beat with a bass line and weird noises with Wayne 'singing'.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2009"
9,"Embryonic is a different sounding type of Flaming Lips album. All of it sounds perfect though. They experiment with a lot of different noises in this album and they slow down their songs in a few. It sorta sounds like they went back to Yoshimi roots. And all of it sounds great. 'Aquarius Sabotage', 'Evil', 'Powerless' and 'See The Leaves' are all great tracks. All In All, The Flaming Lips still haven't made an album that surpasses Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots, but Embryonic comes the closest to it. A-",0,0,"Dec 16, 2010"
10,"In a word, It's brilliant. In several, It's simply in a world of it's own, easily on a par with Soft Bulletin or Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots. I love it.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2011"
10,"The Flaming Lips are my favorite band. I did not like this album at first, though. I said it was disappointing. I changed my mind later. Its different from every other Flaming Lips album. After Yoshimi The Flaming Lips seemed to have been going in a different direction with their music, starting with At War With The Mystics and continuing with Embryonic. Embryonic is very experimental, and very electronic. Songs like See The Leaves, Evil, and Powerless are some of my favorites. Also, its a much longer album than previous Flaming Lips albums. It is, however, nonetheless a very good album.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2011"
10,"Absolutely flawless. This album is a fu*king machine! Embryonic has a soul, extreme creativity and of course, a moody, yet familiar and heavenly Flaming Lips ambient. Oh well, we ARE talking about THE Lips, so, what else were we expecting... Another brutal win :P",0,0,"Dec  6, 2011"
7,"At the risk of sounding pretentious, this album is sublime - sharedsorrows.com. This is possibly their most refined and on-point project yet. Like all Califone albums, it blows you away on the first listen, and only gets better with each successive listen. I've had it for about two weeks now and I'm finding it hard to tear myself away to listen to anything else.
As luck would have it, they're coming through Missoula on Feb. 7. To hell with the Super Bowl, I get to see Califone!",0,0,"Jan 17, 2013"
9,"Thebes is definitely one of the best starts to an album I've ever heard, it truly felt like a journey through music. Meditation is the Practice of Death is just further testimony to how powerful a bass guitar can be. Cremation Ghat I & II, although, in my opinion, not as strong as the previous two songs, they are far from bad. A truly great album.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2015"
9,"Very exciting and captivating stuff.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
5,"Pretty overrated, boring, only a few songs are good. But the songs that are good are REALLY GOOD.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
6,"It's quite messy for myself to comment this album because while it has, in my opinion, some of the best tracks of the entire Vernon's career (bow down to the brilliance of Island, IS), there are also some eerie fillers which, if had been excluded, would have made Unmap a brilliant EP instead of a bearable album leaving a sense of slow-paced frustration.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2011"
10,"Absolutely phenomenal record. It blew me away to the point that I couldn't sleep for two days. Finally, the genre of music I've felt had the most potential for years has come out of the woodwork and shown the world that it is not **** around.  Optimistic yet raging with intensity. Wildly intellectual, but isn't a prick about it. It takes everything I love about Battles and turns it into real, respectable classical music...  created for the 23rd century",0,0,"Aug 30, 2010"
10,"Every Porcupine Tree album gets better and better than the last and 'The Incident' is no exception. I'm guessing this will end up being the best record of '09.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"This is Porcupine Tree's best yet and, so far, my album of the year for 2009. This album is magic. Grizzly Bear, Animal Collective, Riverside, and The Mars Volta are next in my best of 2009 list.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"A remarkable record, perhaps their best. However, it takes several listens to fully digest.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"PT is one of the best bands around. Their music is consistently excellent and they are incredible live. This is the best album I've listened to this year (the vinyl is SUPERB) and I listen to A LOT of music. This is quality. This is challenging. This is art. And, it's FUN. This won't get the hype it so richly deserves, but continued listening brings further layers and meanings to light. BUY IT and thank me later.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"One of the best albums this year. Time Flies is one of the best centerpieces they had ever recorded. Porcupine Tree has never disappointed me. Rock on guys!!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
8,"The follow-up to 'fear of a blank planet' by Steven Wilson's prog. rock/metal band porcupine tree is a very good album although it isn't as brilliant as the aforementioned album. For me, the best song is 'time flies'.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2011"
7,"Sorry Porcupine Tree, I didn't really get it. Sure, for the most part it's great, but it can get boring. The biggest disappointment however is the sound quality, something of which Porcupine Tree has always been excellent at, I don't know, it just sounded a little muffled.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2011"
9,"This album smokes. Inventive guitar playing and great drums. It is amazing that 12 years has passed since their last release. Polvo hasn't missed a beat and I hope this album earns them a whole new legion of fans. 'Beggar's Bowl' is a super track. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
9,"One of their best, ranks easily along with Today's Active Lifestyles and Exploded Drawing. Lots of influence from their 2-3 members' side project Black Taj, from the last 3 years.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2009"
9,"This is an awesome return from one of the most cruelly underrated bands from the 90's. Thundering and Beautiful.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
7,"Good album.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2009"
10,"Just listen to the wind.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
9,"Absolutely beautiful and haunting. Though some may like to call this 'black metal', this album, to me is more like a avant-garde noise rock album. With haunting vocals and just explosions of noise and haunting and distant and vocals that make it inexplicably beautiful to stare into the night while listening to this album on headphones.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2012"
9,"Mutemath is just one of those bands where you need to give their music time. they're also a band that you either love or hate. what Mutemath do best is experimentation, and they've developed their sound beyond the simple, catchy alternative songs of their self-titled album into a strong blues-influenced hard rock sound with electronic meshing. give them time to warm up to you and you'll be spinning their records every chance you get.",1,1,"Jul  8, 2012"
10,"MuteMath is a band of progress. Armistice marks a time of vitality and boldness in a group of artists so vastly talented in an incredibly wide range of styles, settling with nothing less than their own idea of perfection. This album inspires me in a way no other album has; MuteMath at their finest.",1,1,"Jan 16, 2013"
8,"A very interesting ambience collaboration between the Sigure Ros man and his boyfriend Alex Somers. Unlike Jonsi's solo record, this bears little resemblance to the Sigure Ros sound. It's the kind of music you can immerse yourself in if you were meditating or relaxing somewhere. It really takes you away. It doesn't really have any traditional songs but is made up of a series of sprawling tracks. I'd recommend for pre sleep listening or listening to while in the bath - that's not saying it's boring, its saying its a chillax album.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
5,"Vapid, and lacking any emotional content. I didn't think you could make an entire album out of DVD menu music.",0,1,"Jul 21, 2009"
8,"One of the better records of the year. Majestic, serene, emotional...and not just for the Sigur Ros following.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
10,"Great album!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
10,"This band makes the most beautiful music in the world.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
9,"An exclamation of Americana, Megafaun's 'Gather, Form & Fly' brings into harmony much of the music that has transformed our ears in decades past. Driven forth by guitar, banjo, a mesmerizing set of percussive poetry and the occasional mix of keys and horns, each track effectively builds upon the last, and moves with a swelling tide of emotion. The album's title track, essentially a 3 minute-long instrumental piece with a short set of lyrics that hark back to band's Northern roots (North wind sayin', 'It's time / to find the summer sky / before the leaves all die / gather, form and fly'). The instrumental introduction of the song, however, is the blazing leaf in the sea of a golden deciduous autumn. It weaves a delicate harmony that is brought, at times, to a sudden halt and silence, then is reanimated with further vigor and lust for life, changing the overall tone ever so slightly, and in just the perfect increments to construct such an elegant tune. This motif of change is what makes this album so rock-solid and full of never-ending surprise. 'Impressions of the Past,' another largely instrumental track, is a testament to the band's roots in jazz, and also to their position in contemporary rock. After shattering their masterful 2-minute long jam with a squealing bow and a crash of cymbal, the song collapses, reconstructs itself and sings with triumph as it begins to run for the hills, leaving you to wonder, 'Where has this band been all my life?' No modern album wouldn't be complete without a sing-a-long style crowd builder like 'Guns,' which also contemporarily breaks down into a Wilco-esque (think 'Poor Places') hum and drone of bowing cymbals, haunting vocals, and electronic squeals. It is also followed by another prerequisite, a solemn closing song, 'Tides,' which brings the album full circle, back into the beautiful harmonies that this band builds itself upon. 'Gather, Form & Fly,' is nothing short of a glorious accomplishment for a band that is sure to produce far more brilliant work in the years to come. Following some tried-and-true forms of album construction, Megafaun",0,0,"Sep 22, 2009"
10,"A really great offering it mixes Bjork's classics with her new material.",1,1,"Jul 31, 2009"
7,"Voltaic excludes some of the amazing performances from the visually dazzling Volta Tour like 'Who Is It?', 'Hyperballad' and 'Pluto', but otherwise offers a harmonic but somewhat lifeless delivery of songs.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2013"
8,"Turmoil! Carnage! Tracks like 'Earth Intruders' and 'Innocence' work much better as live numbers. The  in the meantime classic  combination of Hyperballad/Freak  Pluto  Declare Independence is as powerhouse on the DVD as it is in real life.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2013"
0,"I don't understand how people like Bjork. Her voice sounds like a goat and her music is barely threaded together as she sings half-a**ed over the track. Her live is even worse!",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
9,"WTF. Yeah you should buy Sunn O)))'s album instead, because metacritic gave it a 10(!). There's nothing wrong with this album. If you want to buy a relaxing album this is your cue. I wish people would stop comparing every subsequent release to 'millions....'.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2009"
9,"Best since TNT. The first half of the disc is stunning.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2009"
9,"To be quite honest I did not know what to expect at first when I bought this album. Bibio is not only a fantastic electronic musician but his lyrics and guitar melodies carry you out throughout the tracks. Recommended.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2009"
10,"I really don't understand, why the reviews are so bad. This is surely not for everyone, but nevertheless it's a great record and I love it, how 'He's got the whole world' and 'Fairytails of New York' is embedded in this catastrophic sound.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2009"
10,"This album is astonishing. Critics also panned Conrad's Heart of Darkness and Stravinsky's Rite of Spring. Critics rarely appreciate the true avant garde.",0,0,"May  9, 2011"
10,"The sophomore album for electronic artists, especially experimental electronic artists, has been a waterloo. the field comes back stronger, with no sell out, faithful to his 'roots' and goes a step further musically. simply put, better than the first album. if you like electronic tracks more than 10 min long - please step in - you will feel right at home.",1,1,"May 25, 2009"
9,"one of the best of the year. they've grown immensely.",0,0,"May  6, 2009"
9,"While it bored me at times, I believe this is one of their best. Gravelly Mountains of the Moon is a sublime track.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2009"
4,"These guys reek of the same kind of, 'oh don't you just love what we're doing', bullshit that makes me despise Conor Oberst so much. If I want self-adoration I'll go to Bare Naked Ladies concert.",0,0,"May 27, 2009"
10,"I am going to ask that the sputnik music review be taken off because of plagirism. If you check the Frances the mute (The mars volta) review on pitchfork from a few year ago you will notice similarities, including 'pure homogeneous sh*theap of stream-of-consciousness turgidity nonsense' which is the same as the sputnik review. Therefore declaring the review null and void.",0,0,"May 23, 2009"
9,"A sorely overlooked album.",2,2,"Apr 28, 2009"
8,"Deerhunter. Atlas Sound. Lotus Plaza. If you love one of them, you're gonna adore the others two. Personally, Lotus Plaza is my late night record to be listened with a glass of old scotch and the occasional gandja. Sheer perfection.",1,1,"Oct  8, 2010"
10,"So awesome, magical and inspiring that brings tears to my eyes!",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
10,"It's a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
10,"La musique du film de nos rves perdus. Plus beaux titres: Ashes in the Snow, Burial At Sea et The Battle to Heaven. Du post-rock  son meilleur, avec un jeu de guitare poustouflant.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2013"
10,"It's one of the best albums I've ever heard. It just puts you in an earthy state of mind. Why go outside?",0,0,"Mar 10, 2009"
10,"This is probably the best album of the year. There's no filler in this album specially with tracks like Agoraphobia, Neither of us Uncertainly and Microcastle. Highly Recommended.",2,2,"Nov  7, 2008"
10,"Really a remarkable album; i would argue that this was my favorite of the decade.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"I didn't think they could top Cryptograms...but..my god.",1,1,"Oct 29, 2008"
10,"How could they improve on the schizophrenic brilliance of Cryptograms? Like this.",1,1,"Oct 31, 2008"
10,"A really awesome album that has made this band one of my favorites.",1,1,"May 12, 2009"
10,"I had this album on my computer for 2 months before it was released on CD, listening to it consistently. And I still bought it.",1,1,"Oct 29, 2008"
10,"It's impossible to get around such a well-rounded album that within such an accoladed discography delivers a self-propelled engine of gaming with the sound tech available metabolizing it in a addictive weird fashion.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2015"
5,"Please dont compare this to Loveless, they are Irish heroes.. this is emo drivel for the most part.",0,2,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"Deerhunter, or really I should say bradford cox really outdid himself on this one. The album at first, might not sound as good as their last effort cryptograms, but after two or three plays, it easily becomes a masterpiece to your ears. 'Waiting for something from nothing'.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2008"
10,"Bradford's and Lockett's guitar work is amazing. One of the best albums of the year for sure. I'm going to the record release show in Atlanta and I'm super pumped.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
8,"Well this is unusual. A bit addictive after a few listens.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2009"
10,"This band, and it's visionary frontman, seem capable of almost anything at this point.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2008"
10,"I love albums that surprise and floor me on first listen; that sound like nothing I've heard before but somehow everything I've wanted to hear since. This is on perpetual rotation.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
10,"Simply the best album of the year.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2009"
7,"There are plenty of amazing sounds on this record, but throughout Deerhunter fail to take their concept and draw it out; compared with the repetitive and extended versions of songs in concert, this record is somewhat disappointing in that regard.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2009"
9,"Awesome. The whole record is amazing, though Nothing Ever Happened was the first song that drew me in (I skipped to it, don't worry!). Other highlights: Never Stops, Agoraphobia, Saved by Old Times.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2008"
10,"Simply put, the best shoegaze record since Loveless.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"My only complaint is that I don't get why 'Nothing Ever Happened' is widely considered the highlight of the album. And that's not really a complaint at all.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2008"
10,"A completely unique sound. No weak tracks anywhere on the album, and for me, slightly reminiscent of Pink Floyd. Arguably the best CD of 2008.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
10,"Deerhunter creates passion and punk in their album Microcastle. Many tracks caught my attention, and it was for the good. There are slow songs, songs with attitude and a little bit of funk. I recommend this album to anybody who enjoys music for its depth and figurative meanings. I also recommend this album to people who love and study music as deeply as I do.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2010"
8,"Microcastle is a great experimental rock record. It's highly accessible and quite a joy to listen too. Almost every track stands out. The distortion on the guitars are layered with great detail and the songwriting is some of the best I've heard from Deerhunter. All In All, this isn't some groundbreaking indie record to end all, but Deerhunter show some maturity before their masterpiece Halcyon Digest. B+",0,0,"Apr  8, 2013"
8,"Impressive album from the Atlanta, Georgia Indie rock group. Essentially it's Indie music but Deerhunter bring something different to the table with their dreamy, atmospheric sound. There's an abundance of great riffs on show. Personally, I feel the songs at the beginning of the record are first rate, it dips a little in the middle but comes good again towards the end. Highly recommend this record to fans of guitar/indie music.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2013"
9,"This is a POP record people! More importantly, this is the culmination of what these peeps have been striving to release for some time (me thinks) - overall, GGD have successfully honed in on their vibe and style -- can't wait to hear what could be next!",0,0,"Oct 22, 2008"
9,"The album of year of the year without a shadow of a doubt. The average score would be higher if it hadn't been dragged down by the review on Phoenix. If you actually check their website it's a score of 3 out of 4 NOT 3 out of 10, so it should be 75% not 30%.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"An exhilarating listen from start to finish. GGD are at the top of their game and I can't wait to see what they do next. AlsoI, I'm pretty sure The Phoenix review gave the album a score of 75, not 30. On the site, it appears to be 3 out of four stars.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2008"
10,"Another fantastic offering from GGD, following through on the high expectations built up after God's Money and with promising in between projects like the Rawwar EP. More people should really give this band a listen. They offer a rare combination of sounding like no one else while also producing music that is so much better and more interesting than what the novel concept of 'originality' in criticism usually allows.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2008"
10,"My favorite album so far this year (better than 'Third'), this is GGD finally releasing the huge disco beast they've held caged and writhing for years. A culmination of all their stylist collaging and (d)evolution. This is the most future-sounding album since 'Kala' just last year.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
9,"Please, dear God, fix that 30 from the Phoenix right now (it should be a 75). One of the best albums of the year.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"Hear us, O God, Our Savior, as we honor St. Dymphna, patron of those afflicted with mental and emotional illness. Help us to be inspired by her example and comforted by her merciful help. Amen. I wonder whether Gang Gang Dance prayed to Saint Dymphna during the recording of their brilliant album number 4. It is named after an Irish girl who was supposedly killed by her own father for her refusal to marry him after her mother",0,0,"Nov  4, 2011"
4,"Boring----didn't see what the hoopla was about--a VERY poor man's Bon Iver.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2009"
9,"Another progression, or diversion, for this ever-morphing band...it is, nonetheless, a mighty creep of dark, musical energy, like the most intense sections of Mirza's 'Iron Compass Flux' thrust to the moon. The music goes that far, while the wide-screen clarity of production locks this album in deep-level listening.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2009"
10,"An amazing, amazing gem. Even if you don't understand Spanish you will be able to vibe out to this music. The rhythms are enough to make you enjoy this music. I love that it reminds me a bit of animal collective but this is much different in his own way and that makes this album unique and great but still familiar.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
9,"Love this band, this album really sinks after a couple listens.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2008"
7,"Mogwai have been really bouncing around different things in these last few years and are getting on to something here. Every song is great but what keeps them from absolute perfection is that they are all about 3 minutes too long and the songwriting doesn't change enough for a song like 'the sun smells too loud' to be 6 minutes.",0,0,"May 13, 2011"
7,"TI has a flow which I feel has almost always matched the production (beats/bass,etc). This album does not depart from that in my opinion. Although there are certain elements that continue to reappear in all of his CDs-songs made to be singles, going hard non-radio stuff...etc. This album sounds almost like a mixtape with all the people he has on this thing. All in all, I found it to be a bit too commercial-missing some of the hard sh*t-especially when compared to previous albums. Maybe its the selection of producers (ex. pHarell) or whatever. But this is certainly not my favorite TI album.",2,2,"Oct 21, 2014"
10,"A great album, not enough trap for a trap artist but still a great album. The production got more variety than his previous album but this is very smooth, the singles 'About the money' and ' No mediocre' are nice, but my favotite songs are 'New National Anthem', 'Oh Yeah' and 'About My Issue'.",2,2,"Oct 25, 2014"
6,"Overall, this is not a bad album. However, it undoubtedly fails to reach the heights of better T.I. albums like Urban Legend, King, and Paper Trail. I even prefer his previous album, Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head to this one. Though, luckily, it is better than T.I. vs. T.I.P. and No Mercy, which is nice. This one is all over the place stylistically, but T.I. truly succeeds when hes over a banging beat (King and On Doe, On Phil) or over a slowed down one on a track that is meant to be deeper (like on my favorite track, Let Your Heart Go). The features, aside from Pharrell are solid. In particular, Lil Boosie, Young Thug, Victoria Monet, and The-Dream, all do their thing and those tracks are better for it. The production here was spotty and I blame that to an out of form Pharrell in some instances. His vocal work here was poor and I did not love any of his beat contributions. However, when this album soars, it is largely due to T.I. and his presence on the mic. When it falters, it is typically due to something else (a bad hook, poor production, a bad guest, etc.). Overall, this is a solid entry into T.I.s discography, though it does fall short of my expectations.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2014"
7,"7.1/10................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Mar 22, 2015"
8,"Dang. A 61? That seems kind of harsh. But I'm gonna agree with the two artsy sites up their (Pitchfork and TMT). Growing is an interesting band that has its devoted following and knows how to keep them happy. This isn't their best album and not a great place to start if you're new to them (start with Soul of the Rainbow or Sky's Run into the Sea). But it makes a great addition to their already diverse and solid discography (hate that word). And as a fan, I'm satisfied (this is their second album of the year).",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
6,"Being a fan of Stereolab for 12 years now and bearing two tattoos in honor of them, I am very disappointed with 'Chemical Chords'. It's their biggest mis-step in my opinion. As every review has touched on, there is no new ground covered here. The songs sound uninspired and like clones of one another. Two songs even begin the exact same way with the same drum fill. I couldn't believe that I had to struggle to make through my first listen of the album! I didn't enjoy it at all. A major let-down especially coming after their last true album, 'Margerine Eclipse' which was magnificent and probably their career's pinnacle.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
8,"Stereolab is going the distance, and so am I.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
8,"This is a real treat, and easily their best since EMPEROR TOMATO KETCHUP - if not their best ever.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2008"
10,"Oceans Will Rise is a beautiful record. The songwriting is miles beyond what all those other blogger-bands. Well done, The Stills.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
9,"Great songs. Very catchy!",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"The Allmusic review is one of the best-written reviews of this record. 4 out of 5 stars.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"This record is like an epic. It tells a story I think most of us try to suppress inside ourselves but anxiously want told. The production and arrangements play with your soul as your conscience struggles with the message conveyed in the lyrics. Great work guys. It should be fun to see how this translates in a live show.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"Gorgeous songs. What a thrill. Loving this record!",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"This is a terrific CD . Can't understand some critics trying to demolish it . Ratings by the public have certainly proved them wrong. Well done lads ! Sir Paul McCartney did well to choose you to open his concert in Quebec city on July 20th.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
8,"awesome noisy songs seem to cover up the songs of lesser strength, but still good!",0,0,"Aug 22, 2008"
10,"Just love the hooks...This is back to the original sound of Logic will break your heart. Kudo guys!",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
10,"I love this album!",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"Yes! The Stills are back. After a fairly disappointing change of direction for their last album - it took many spins and months for me to even like it - album #3 finds the band finally get the right footing. Combining the bestaspects of 'Logic Will Break Your Heart' and 'Without Feathers' into a unified sound, 'Oceans Will Rise' is a solid, consistent winner. There's not a single track here I don't like. It's also nice to see Tim Fletcher back in the forefront of the band again, as I much prefer his singing to Dave Hamelin's - which was one of the other failings of the second album. I have no hesitation in proclaiming this one of the year's best!",0,0,"Aug 22, 2008"
9,"People need to stop trashing 'without feathers', that is one great record. Problems is these reviewers only listen to it once, not like the people who appreciate it, the fans.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2008"
10,"Contender for my favorite album of the year so far.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"A superb album.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"This album si so spiritual, beauty and have many diverse tastes of music, from the techno-folk song of Kevtrumpu to memorable pop songs like Tytt Tanssii, the best album of 2008, great.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2009"
7,"A good album, it was always going to be hard to top their absolutely mind-blowing debut. Not that this album is less good, just different.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2008"
10,"This album is so pure, amazing, and beautiful, the songs are so mystical and sounds like a Dead Can Dance, this is magic. Highlight Songs: The freak folk techno from the beauty 'Kevtrumpu' , the beauty violins from 'Tuoksu Tarttuu Meihin', the beauty dark electro-gothic from 'Kirkonvki' and the 80's pop from 'Uskallan'. Album's Centerpiece: The master pop folk track from 'Tytt Tanssii' ('A Girl Dances'), sounds like a sunny and beautiful more than Belle And Sebastian, lyrics like a wonderful poem, and this song its really perfect. One of the best songs from 2008, The Top 2 SONG FROM 2008!! ONE OF THE BEST ALBUM FROM 2008 SO FAR.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"Absolutely Incredible group, and indispensible album. Perhaps the most significant musical discovery since I first heard the Animal Collective. Best album of the year.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2008"
9,"This is a beautiful album, a journey into magic forests and secret mountains, a journey into space and secret galaxies, a journey into a world that only exists peace.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2013"
10,"Simply brilliant. I'm actually appalled by this metacritic score.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
10,"FlyLo is the master of his scene. 'Cosmogramma' is going to be huge.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2010"
10,"Brilliant. Flying Lotus is a very unheard of artist but is simply brilliant.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2010"
10,"Excellent album which doesn't seem to have garnered the broader recognition that it richly deserves. But Flying Lotus is a relatively new artist, there is still time to win over the masses.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
9,"This debut album from Flying Lotus is still his best work, apart from the latest release 'You're Dead!'. His music takes you on a trip in your mind, if you let him. Pay attention to it over and over again and you'll be empowered by this hypnotic album.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2015"
8,"FlyLo is a very interesting electronic artist. Lots of ambience and static hold it together in a futuristic blend of Los Angeles fusion that makes for a highly enjoyable album.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2015"
10,"Absolutely exquisite electronic album. It's very cohesive, but always has a new interesting beat to throw you. It also follows a story curve. The first few tracks introduce the sounds, then Golden Diva, Riot, and GNG BNG come along (a great series of tracks) are give you action. Then it slowly calms down until the more introspective tracks near the end. It's absolutely amazing. It's a must listen for anybody with any affiliation with electronic music or hip hop.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2015"
10,"love the spacey, cos-mo sound the songs have,  i can see the influence that flying lotus had from artists MF Doom, Madlib and J Dilla when it comes to crafting impressive beats. a very impressive piece of work for his second album.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
5,"These are the kinds of ratings that make music critics lose their credibility. I've desperately searched this recording to find something the least bit interesting. Shrugs.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2008"
8,"I can understand how some listeners missed it, because it does require patience, but this is definitely a keeper. To call this a hipster-cred album (as some of these user-reviewers implied) makes absolutely no sense, because this is pretty unhip. It's 70's southern rock with a major Melvins sludge kick. Plus, I think some of the reason I particularly dig this CD is because some of Harvey Milk's older material is unlistenably boring, and Life has got a big splash of melody where there didn't used to be any.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
9,"What kind of retard gives this album a 1 out of 10 rating? These guys are brilliant.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2008"
1,"If there were any doubt that most record reviewers are pretentious twits, the positive, the fact that his album has garnered 'universal acclaim' is irrefutable evidence. This CD was playing in a record store (remember those?), and I asked the staff who it was, simply because it was almost transcendent in its execrability (like my criticese?). Props for the band name (the mayor of SF killed by the Twinkie defense guy), but (as I told the store employees), 'I need to buy this in case my copies of Lou Reed's METAL MACHINE MUSIC and Neil Young's ARC don't rid my house of guests quickly enough.' Even the hipper-than-thou staff laughed and nodded. I'd rather listen to fingernails on a blackboard.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2008"
10,"It's like having fun and not having fun at the same time. It's like being punched really hard in the stomach, and then realizing something fantastic in the moment while you're struggling to breathe. Come on. It's really good.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2008"
8,"I'm an old gut and I henerally have not been a metal fan for most of my music listening life. However, I tend to give it a try when I read a good review, or two, or six. And I must sy, I like this.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2008"
7,"I only like this one coz Pitchfork tells me to... but, ah, I dig it when I am tired of listening to all of the indie stuff out there now. Good on you guys! You rock!!! Jyo.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
8,"Good album, really good.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"This album from beginning to end, is a masterpiece. I have been a long time Harvey Milk fan, and this album truly justifies why. Sheer brilliance through and through.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2009"
6,"Is not bad, but sounds to much like a copy of hot chip to me.",1,1,"Aug 20, 2008"
4,"I'm pretty annoyed by the whole electronic dance revival thing in general, but this one in particular bothers me because it's not only been touted as somehow special and different but also as a worthy companion Health's debut, an album I really enjoyed. This is just another unnecessary remix album, and there is absolutely nothing remarkable about it. The fact that Health songs (borderline noise-rock) provide the building blocks for these tracks don't make the generic dance beats any more interesting, especially when they have generic, retro synths layered onto them. I've spent some time with this one, trying to appreciate it on some level, but I've found myself just wanting my time and money back. The only decent track is probably the Crystal Castles remix of 'Crimewave'.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2008"
10,"Fantastic and hypnotic sound!",0,0,"May 12, 2008"
10,"Love it, especially 'Polychords' and the 24-minute title track.",0,0,"May 12, 2008"
10,"At first listen 'water curses' the song just flew right by me, much like running water in the background - i let it go and gave in to the textured, more comfortable collective on the 3 remaining tracks of this EP. on second listen something popped (not my ears) - i started dancing inside - listening more to the detail and structure i was thwarted into a new sense of songwriting and groove that was never before realized with the collective. this track is fresh. this track exhumes all that is holy in the world of evolution and the tight moleculer structure that is H2O and animal collective together as one. most excellent.",1,1,"May 21, 2008"
5,"I never did quite get this band.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
10,"All four tracks are stellar. None disappoint. From the trancy dance song 'Water Curses' to the fluid, yet depressing 'Cobwebs' the album contains more than most full length albums do... at least as far as emotion and range comes.",0,0,"May 20, 2008"
9,"The first track alone is worth buying the album for. Obe of the best songs AC has ever written in my opinion.",0,0,"May 21, 2008"
9,"In my opinion some of the best music they've ever released. The title track is probably their most driving, energetic song and it's absolutely fantastic. Street Flash starts out slow but builds into one of the rawest, yet beautiful moments I've ever heard in a song. Merriweather is a little too clean, Strawberry Jam is a little too dirty, this EP is the perfect balance.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2010"
10,"A great change of tone from strawberry jam, this EP being far more atmospheric but fairly smooth. A nice addition to Strawberry Jam but also to HCTI and Feels.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2015"
9,"Truly a work of art. Russian Circles have created an epic journey from start to finish, seamlessly tying each track together in a macabre 43 and a half minute trip. Melody and pure skill combine blissfully into a crushing masterpiece. For fans of: ISIS, Mogwai, Sigur Ros, Cult Of Luna, Justin K. Broadrick's work (Godflesh and Jesu) and anything else melodic and atmospheric yet heavy too.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2008"
10,"There was an award given to the top 40 metal albums of 2012 and Gamma Knife wasn't on there. They just want all these metal bands to sound exactly the same as they did 10 years ago. Makes me sick. KD is hands down the best band of all time.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2012"
9,"This album is weird and eclectic, but you'll have no trouble dancing to it. It's the strangest pop record you'll hear this year, but it's also one of the best.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2008"
8,"While not as weird as Six Demon Bag, Rabbit Habits is still a very solidly weird album.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2008"
10,"This is the best album I have ever heard. Genius in every fashion in such an original way.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2008"
8,"Captures some of the insanity of their live performances.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2008"
10,"This is so beautiful and haunting...Im scared to listen to it alone in the dark...pitchfork have NO idea!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
9,"I give it a 9 instead of a 10 because they toned down the strings a little too much, but otherwise I think this album is brilliant and intense, and well worth sitting through 15 minute songs for.",0,0,"May 29, 2008"
9,"It's actually good, despite the at-times-admittedly obnoxious vocals and long stretches of repetitive beats!",1,1,"May 28, 2008"
2,"WOW this stuff is completely horrible. No melody, stupid name... just complete garbage... they get a 2 only because they at least TRIED to do something different... don't bother with this!",0,1,"Apr 11, 2008"
1,"It's a sad day when this lack of song-writing ability and sound design is so highly praised. 'Hypnotic' is another word for boring you to sleep.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2008"
9,"Brilliant!",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
10,"This album may take a few listens to sink in (and really should be consumed all in one sitting), but under these conditions is as stirring and gorgeous at turns as it is abrasive and harrowing at others. One of the most inventive records in years.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2008"
5,"Ditto it was awful - only for relaxing when mega tired.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2008"
7,"Some noise for noise's sake but mostly engaging.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2008"
9,"A strong listen from start to end. Not going to appeal to people who get their expectations from some specific genre, but many of those who haven't pre-biased themselves with the expectation to sound like some specific other thing will enjoy it.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2008"
8,"All the other reviews are basically complaining that the album doesn't pigeonhole properly into their genre of choice. But it's a really good album.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2008"
8,"I think this album should be called 'why death sounds like' because i think it is.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2008"
0,"Wow... I cannot believe somebody made a 50 minute album with 40 minutes of overbearing electronic distortion. They could've put anything behind that annoying sound, and it would have been the same album. If this is what music is becoming, I'm gonna be rich. I could make 5 of these things a day.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
4,"There is nothing fantastic about this album, at times it reminds of me of 12 year old playing on a keyboard. Too simple.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
2,"This is unlistenable.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2008"
3,"yeah, this is not interesting at all. This is music I think almost anyone could create with just a bit of computer sampling knowledge and a keyboard. Overrated like crazy, as many people have said.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2008"
10,"If you can listen to 'Sweet Love For Planet Earth' and delete it from your mind, than this is not a release for you. But then again, you might not be the kind of person that understands when people talk about MBV, Coil, and the intellectual and emotional safety of typical sound structures.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2008"
10,"I've been waiting for an album like this... it's scary how good this is.",0,0,"May 10, 2008"
9,"This album is neither straight up noise (it is not as exploratory or varied as anything 'noise' these days) but uses techno's approach of actual rhythm and tempo to convey its sense of immediacy. The album as a piece varies enough among its 6 tracks to provide a great listening experience. If you're not expecting Set Fire to Flames or Yellow Swans and take the album for what it is, it's quite a great disc.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2008"
0,"Lol u know getting a good critic score is worthless when this shit gets a 8/10 and rap gets like uber popularity lmao sad times we live in.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
10,"This album is simply spectacular, not made for easy ears. Instead, you could try with Tokio Hotel.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
8,"Good album, it really draws you in. Obviously it's not too everybody's taste, you need to like drone and noise. I also see people complain about the screams.. personally I love them.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
2,"This is just another example of indie music disappearing up it's own posterior. I agree with both Remington Steel and Kurt on this. They will be both quickly forgotten and a cause of embarrassment to those who briefly 'claimed' to enjoy this.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2008"
9,"This is the perfect soundtrack for the end of the world.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
5,"Terribly overrated.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2008"
3,"Okay, I've just heard the samples on MySpace, but I assume they picked their best material for their page. I am a fan of a lot of indie/experimental type music, but this band makes me feel like an old man: who listens to this crap!?? Whats with the token screaming you get at the end of each bland, boring track? I give them a 3 in the off chance I may have missed the point.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2008"
0,"It's enough to say that Fuck Buttons is for noise and drone what Trent Reznor is for industrial.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2008"
3,"Sorry critics, but this is emperor is stark naked.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2008"
5,"This is noise for people who don't listen to noise, drone for people who don't listen to drone, tribal beats for people who don't listen to tribal music and black metal vocals for harmless indie-kids. While the sum is mildly enjoyable, the parts pale in comparison to the bulk of the genres they are borrowed from. Boring.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
5,"Initially interesting and refreshing, it just isn't coherent enough to keep attention. the songs are overlong, and you find yourself wondering when something's going to happen. Has its cool moments.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2008"
6,"There is really nothing spectacular about this album, and this coming from a fan of both noise and drone. It's sort of like recent Black Dice with Wolf Eyes vocals thrown in, presumably for some kind of contrast with the otherwise pleasant, highly repetitive (re: monotonous) music. I just can't find anything to latch onto here. The textures are thin and uninteresting, and the melodies and rhythms are mind-numbingly simple. I give it a 6 because it does have kind of a nice sunny vibe and is reasonably pleasant, but it's totally inessential.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2008"
3,"Ummm, this is really awful. I am all for dissonance but this is simplistic and not very interesting. Not all songs feature a nice underlining rhythm and the screams really do kill these songs. Nice try, but I was expecting something more complex.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2008"
8,"Definately pushes my fuck buttons! The tribal beats and chants are very sexual. Add in the drone and noises and you have a unpredictable wonderment of sound.",0,0,"May 16, 2008"
1,"STAY AWAY! The album has no substance. Incomprehensible, no rhythm, another noise band that thinks its art. I saw them with Caribou and had to listen to this horrible droning noise for over 30 minutes. I felt so embarrassed having to put my girlfriend through this awful opening act.",0,0,"May 22, 2008"
9,"One of my favourite records this year, perfect from start to finish, not the most easy album to appreciate but very rewarding in the long run.",0,0,"May 27, 2008"
10,"The term 'simplistic' should not have such pejorative connotations. song writing has nothing to do with this kind of music: this stuff is pseudo-generative, focusing on the struggle and tension of sound and song craft rather than the clarity of the finished product. be patient, play it loud, play it frequently, maybe invest in some decent headphones. this record will not convert non-noise-nicks, (and will likely repel skeptics even further) but those sweet-toothin' for brash sonics might find this record as a revelation. its really daring, intense records like these that get the ire up on both sides of the dividing line. i, myself, fly the 'fuck' flag high. if you're one of the many people saying you can make a record this good in your sleep (or whatever euphemism you favor when degrading music you refuse to approach, grapple, or challenge yourself with) then i say: go make it! someone might enjoy it!",0,0,"May 28, 2008"
9,"Fantastic album. It's repetitive but gets stuck in your head and is a joy to listen to. Listen to Bright Tommorow from the album to see what I mean. Also the screaming makes it better. It sounds awesome especially at the end of bright tommorow.",0,0,"May 29, 2008"
2,"This is just another collection of talentless hack-hipsters. this 'band' will forgotten sooner than you can see fleet foxes.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
8,"Certainly feels like teh hatorz have come out en masse...'I like/ have respct for electronic music...dissonance' ... bet they have lots of gay friends too...*grin* Certainly it has its flaws. Sure, bits are a bit cliched. Overall, however, it envelops and immerses - what more could you ask for. I do get the feeling though that this will be a very ploarising release and middle ground will be more of a no-man's land sourced with mines.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2009"
9,"This is such a fantastic piece of music. Sweet Love for Planet Earth is one of the most gripping tracks I've heard this year. Get this album now!",0,0,"Nov 12, 2008"
5,"Where do we place this album? Noise for the wannabe hip, is about right I think. This will see you through a listening or two but if you want a bit of meat behind the beat, try Plaid or Amon Tobin.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2008"
3,"I was not thrilled with this album. 3 stars for some delightful moments, but please eliminate the scream, for it really makes this album a trite release and way too dependent on influence.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
2,"I'm perplexed by why 'professional critics' like this. Keep in mind, I don't dismiss electronic music nor do I dismiss experimental music. I love Animal Collective and I really like The Field (among others). But this is just soulless pap. I give this a 2 rather than a 0 because to be fair I do need to go back and listen a few more times. It may grow on me...but based on my first two listens, I seriously doubt it.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2008"
8,"'Far from flawless' is about right. It's not perfect, but it's definitely worth a listen. Terrific dreamy blend of ambient electronica and noise pop.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2008"
4,"Have to agree with Adam O. Lots of atonal noise and generally unlistenable. I have no idea what the official critics were thinking when they gave it positive reviews.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2008"
4,"This album is interesting in what it TRIES to do, but ultimately comes up short. You can tell they are trying to experiment, but the results of this experimentation are often monotonous and flat out boring. This reminds me a lot of The Field's album from last year in which style prevailed over substance.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2008"
8,"Really good album. Some people might get turned off by how it is..but the ones that stick with it and listen and enjoy it..those are the ones that will like it. lol i'm totally wasting your time..stop reading my review..i like the album..Sweet Love For Planet Earth makes this album for me. It is just a brilliant piece of work..if you listen to just one song by Fuck Buttons it should be that one.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"As of June, this tops all the 2008 albums I've heard. Drones to rival Steve Reich and Brian Eno. Hypnotic minimalism that never gets boring, but rather adds and builds at the exact right moment to keep it from becoming dull and tedious. The vocals, screams subdued by static, are almost inaudible and incomprehensible, and are just that much more magical for it. Each songs flows into the next perfectly, keeping the beautiful glitchy rhythm constant. (I really love this album, but DAMN do I feel like a pretentious hipster for liking it this much.)",0,0,"Jun 16, 2008"
9,"Most mind-melding release of 2008",0,0,"Apr 25, 2009"
9,"Spectacular. There are plenty of beautiful melodies here, and rather than disappearing behind the noise, they are augmented and amplified by the disorienting contrast. It's funny to see this described as 'noise for the wannabe hip' as some of the finest albums in history have been marked by the experimental meeting the accessible halfway.",0,0,"May 27, 2009"
10,"One of my favorite albums of the year so far. Visceral and cathartic, it goes back and forth between beautiful and intense, and is the farthest thing from predictable music you're going to find.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
10,"This album is my fav of the year so far. If you're not afraid of your own heart and you don't mind being blindfolded and taken for a ride through beautiful, sometimes menacing terrain you will get a real rare treat from this. You will find a peerless voice and musicians who blow the roof off anything else goin' on right now. Good luck wading past the bullshit being spun by people afraid their family jewels will get sucked up inside of them if they admit that powerhouses like Nick Cave and Diamanda Galas have met their match. in fact, add a little Arcade Fire and Animal Collective in there and maybe some Wolf Eyes or something and you pretty much got it.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2008"
5,"I am extremely conflicted about this album. Artistic? Yes! A wonderful experiment? Most defiantly! A good album? I am not so sure. It takes something that this album just doesn",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
10,"This album is louder & equally as great as their previous more mellowed out dub sound.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2008"
7,"Is it just me, or is the band name 'Efterklang' somewhat similar to 'Ester Drang'?",0,1,"Nov 25, 2007"
9,"definitely Wyatt's best since Rock Bottom, amazingly fresh, would never guess this comes from a huge, historical guru of rock music... Fiery Furnaces and the likes should listen and learn from this masterpiece",0,0,"Nov  5, 2007"
9,"Perhaps Wyatt's best work since Rock Bottom, Comicopera is a fun and interesting look into his disillusionment with current western foreign policy. Act 1 is probably the most personal and evocative of the three. Act 2 is more poppy, jazzy and has a delightful jilt to it. Act 3 combines the two motifs somewhat and dances into more experimental territory with Fragment and the amusing ode to the Flying Spaghetti Monster, 'Pastafari.' The album is a more focused and targeted work than Wyatt's other more recent works and the sound moves saliently from start to finish, without wilting or overusing its themes. My only real gripe is 'Out of the Blue' feels maybe a little too out of the blue.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2007"
10,"the most disturbing, beautiful, awesome, breathtaking album of 2007!",0,0,"Oct 22, 2007"
0,"The most pretentious record of the year. Load and obnoxious band.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2007"
9,"Joy joy joy!!! This new album by my favorite freefolkers, bursts with creativity and free spirit. It's a lot different from their previous records, the sound is very open and mood is very uplifting. This new coat suits them well!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2007"
10,"Akron/Family's output is so varied, that it is difficult to say which of their releases is 'best.' Nevertheless, I believe 'Love is Simple' showcases Akron/Family at their most focused and proficient point yet. Brilliant album, and my favorite release of the year.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2007"
9,"It's a bit of a departure from Meek Warrior (thankfully) but one in which they capitalize on their strengths - live music. They've made a great attempt to capture their live sound on several tracks and with great success. It's a superb listen, one of the better listens this year.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2007"
9,"I can't stop listening to this. It's hard to not let the hippie-acid-love trip intoxicate you. My favorite record of this year.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2007"
10,"I crank this album up all the time.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2007"
10,"people like Herbert below who wheel out the word 'hipster' everytime they cant digest something or dont like it need to be publicly lynched and also preferably beheaded. strawberry jam is another cranium busting game changer of a record from AC. a classic record between two other classic records of theres.",3,3,"Sep  1, 2012"
3,"This is passing for music these days? Hipsters will eat up anything if an obscure band shits it out.",1,16,"Dec 11, 2007"
5,"disappointing",0,8,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"Great.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2007"
10,"What an album, ok I only just got it. but from the opener peacebone to the brilliant and trippy derek it doesnt dissapoint. So varied and so challenging. Lyrically AC are on top of thier game, and while, perhaps this album isnt quite as cohesive of an experience as 'Feels' it raises itself in terms of the strenght of individual tracks. Baring the slightly pointless #1 every track is great, (and while i might miss it) there is no 10 minuete epic slow build up track. It a more accesible experience but no less weird or unusual than thier previous effots and this is where the AC are so accomplished. Far from technitions ,there more tribal than that, they have been able to craft an album of tunes that challenge and yet draw you in to thier wacky world.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
10,"Easily one of the year's best. Mature freak-put rock that has a tighter composition than any of the experimental stuff in AC's past. if you appreciate the abstract, listen to this year's hallmark release. There is also plenty of pop hooks on top of all of the oddities of this release.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
7,"Good, but does not compare to the classic 'Feels' or even Panda Bear's 'Person Pitch'. Good track: Peacebone, Fireworks",0,0,"Sep 17, 2007"
10,"Stunning, a real triumph. I can't think what the critics have against it really. From the moment it kicks of with peacevbone , a song which soars literally from tribal bounce before sweeping electronically into the chorus. I love that lift off into 'an obsession with the past...' it sends chills down my spine. Both Unsolved Mysteries and Chores are brilliant and then it hits reverand green, possibly their greatest song yet. Again built around thump and go tribal structures. The album may dip at the odd #1 but don't listen to the critics stick with the album though the awesome cuckoo clock and the stunning winter wonderland with its off cue jerks and you'll make it to the brilliant Panda Bear sung Derek, a touching beach boys throwback that Wilson himself would be very proud of. Anyway its not my words you should follow really... its you INSIGHT!!!",0,0,"Sep 19, 2007"
9,"Animal Collective have truly surpassed themselves with this one. Bands this stunning only come along ever now and again and when they do it's just best to marvel at their brilliance and enjoy it. There are too many great moments on this album to mention any stand out tracks, but as the 'All Music Guide' review states: -David Bowie, Philip Glass and Brian Eno can only dream about having been creative enough to come up with 'Fireworks'- and that's no exaggeration. They are that good. Just accept it.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2007"
10,"Wow... This is my favorite group album of 2007... This deserves a much higher Metascore... All of those reviewers who gave this disk a 6 should be taken off the job because their obviously afraid of experiencing new, earth shattering music... 'Fireworks,' 'Winter Wonderland,' and 'Derek' are probably the best songs I've heard all year from any band by far.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
8,"Aside from the creepy '#1' and the annoying 'Cuckoo Cuckoo', this is the most consistent Animal Collective record to date.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2007"
10,"Once in a great while comes an album worthy of a perfect rating. To be perfect a record must be beautiful, fresh, and inspiring and thus a perfect rating should rarely be given out. Strawberry Jam not only deserves a perfect rating, it also deserves to be heralded the greatest of the decade thus far. Joining the ranks of the Beach Boys,The Beatles, Radiohead, The Pixies, and just a few others, Animal Collective have proven that they are capable of producing music we all can love and I hope to God they continue because we are in DIRE need of a great and reliable band!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2007"
10,"One word: Yes.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2007"
8,"The most important band this side of Radiohead has crafted a Rorschach Test Blot of an album. 'Strawberry Jam' has something to please the palette of anyone remotely interested in these guys. Me, I wish there would have been slightly more Panda Bear and a little less Avey Tare. Other than that, no complaints.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2007"
7,"Vocals too high and clear.... dampens the magic.... Good songs, but annoying.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
9,"A fantastic album, I'd really consider it one of the years best. It's a perfect combination of Animal Collective's pop side and their experimental side. Fireworks is to die for.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
9,"almost as good as feels",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
7,"Anybody that has followed Animal collective previous albums will have noted the gradual streamlining of the music! To a greater extent it has been successful. However with the latest effort the expressive rhythmic crashes, bang and yelps that punctuated their music have been doused in the name of fluidity! This is not a bad album by any means as the musicianship and sense of sound that the band has it still very much prevalent. It just lacks that exuberance that has been their trade mark!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2007"
9,"ac's best yet. so FOCUSED! beautiful.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2007"
6,"I don't know how the praise for Animal Collective has been so universal in the past. It's clear that their music is not for everyone. I find myself thinking some of their tracks are brilliant on one day, but totally wrong on another.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2007"
10,"Brilliant from start to finish. BEWARE This album could make a lot of the other stuff you listen to this year sound pretty uninspiring in comparison. ESSENTIAL",0,0,"Sep 19, 2007"
9,"Best record of the year. Second: Panda Bear - Person Pitch.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2007"
6,"Strawberry Jam serves as a solid introduction to the group, as it scales back on the more experimental aspects of their previous works and instead delivers some of the strongest pop and rock arrangements of their career. This is also the biggest problem with the album. It feels restrained and pigeonholed and like the sound of someone cramming a square peg into a circular hole. There's always been a little pop in Animal Collective but it's forced here and doesn't really find an acceptable middle ground.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2007"
10,"Best disc of the year hands down.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2007"
10,"Album of the year",0,0,"Oct 26, 2007"
6,"I don't necessarily think this is a bad album but I do not hear any melody or purpose. It sounds like a jumbled mess or horses trampling my head. This album definitely makes me clean my house at a rapid pace. I will continue to give it a chance because I want to like it",0,0,"Dec  9, 2007"
8,"Fireworks is one of the best songs I've ever heard.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2007"
10,"Every song on this album had to grow on me other than Peacebone. But, after listening to it about three times, it became my first or second favorite Animal Collective album, and one of my favorite albums ever. There really is not a bad song on it. The two songs that took the longest to grow on me were #1 and Unsolved Mysteries.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"Fireworks and Peacebone are classic!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"I've been a fan for a few years now, and this is their apex so far...just all the great melodies and the odd structures make it so enjoyable...unsolved mysteries has great drums, and cuckoo cuckoo is so damn powerful....10! 10! 10!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"I wonder why some of these particular people, the ones with lower ratings, are grading this album based on the other albums from this group. Is it to challenging to critique just Strawberry Jam, probably.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
10,"no comment, except for strawberry jam rules!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
9,"A beautiful new direction that seems to borrow heavily from panda bear's recent concepts, but realized better and more fully in the live setting.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
9,"Astonishing as usual. On this showing, you wonder why everyone else working in the field of music doesn't just give up and go home. Animal Collective are so way ahead of all other bands around today they frankly make everything else sound irrelevant. As important to this decade as Can or My Bloody Valentine were to theirs, there's only one other album released this year that can compare to Strawberry Jam and that was a solo album by a member of Animal Collective! (Panda Bear's 'Person Pitch'). Pitchfork are spot on with their review but it worries me that not every one is as positive. These people are PAID to write about music, for God's sake. If they don't get how great this band and this album are they clearly don't have any understanding of music and perhaps shouldn't be writing about the subject. Maybe they should turn their literary talents to writing for magaines about gardening or something.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
9,"Standing beside Panda Bear's phenomenal album Person Pitch, Animal Collective do more than previously thought with this high energy, popriffic masterpiece that people will be smiling to for years to come. The collective is on!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2007"
9,"The Stylus Magazine score is wrong. They gave it a B-, from which the 67 score attributed to it by Metacritic is not indicative. THis album is not for everyone but for the few who will enjoy it, it's quite addictive and ming-tingling. toodles.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2007"
10,"Another ambitious step, a truly great and obsessive album",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"This is the most complete and listenable ablum so far this year. Great stuff.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"Animal Collective have made a terrific album with 'Strawberry Jam'. It definitely has hooks, but isn't for your average listener who would rather hear mundane sounds and predictability. In other words, this is a great record if you are open to original ways of exploring old ideas.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"some of my favorites are Peacebone, Unsolved Mysteries, Chores, For Reverend Green, Fireworks, #1, Winter Wonder Land, Cuckoo Cuckoo, Derek all pretty good",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"I dig it baby.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"Could Rolling Stone be just a touch more irrelevant? Jesus Christ...",0,0,"Sep 17, 2007"
9,"it's a good'n.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2007"
10,"I am completely baffled by the mixed critical response to this album. Strawberry Jam has had me hooked since it leaked and has become a permanent classic in my collection; one of the very few recent albums that I'm sure I'll still be listening to 5 years from now.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2007"
9,"Possibly their best... why is it a nine? its really good, more structured but still kinda 'out there.' a little too much electronic noise, but even thats starting to grow on me. Definitely one of the best for 2007.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2007"
9,"AC have reached a level of popularity (at least among serious music fans) that they",0,0,"Sep 21, 2007"
10,"Absolutely one of the year's BEST! I must admit that I had a difficulty digesting anything Animal Collective or Panda Bear did in the past but i followed my instincts and 'previewed' the 'Jam' by downloading the entire thing! I was pleasantly surprised. This seems to be their most accessible and at the same time their BEST. Without compromising their Experimentalism they have created an Electronica Feast!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2007"
6,"First misstep for the collective.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2007"
10,"After several great releases from Animal Collective, this record comes completely out of left field, and completely blows away all their other work. Its awe inspiring tunes in the form of the crazy time signature 'For Reverend Green' and beautiful 'Fireworks,' stand out among a group of still amazing tracks. I had fear this would be their first misstep but it has turned out to be their best all around record with only strong to magnificent tracks being featured. The first perfect album of the year.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2007"
10,"You put in the cd and a jumble of incomprehensible sounds blasts out of your speakers. It quickly and flawlessly turns in to a beautifully constructed song, Peacebone, which has Avey Tare cheerfully singing some of their oddest lyrics to date, with an occasional group shout that sounds more like the chilling shriek of a monster. Every song that follows has its own surprise. At times Avey roars like a death metal singer, while the instruments calmly jam. I mention Avey twice because his voice dominates this album. I'm a huge Panda Bear fan, and every song he leads is classic, but it's Avey's songs that will stick with you, that you'll try to sing along with. I'm crazy in to this cd. Once my excitement dies down, it will be interesting to see if it will be my favorite Animal Collective album (Feels got 5 points higher than this one, but I sense more talent and skill coming from this release). This is their most chaotic and loud album, and also their most fun.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2007"
9,"Andy W: Cuckoo Cuckoo is annoying?! Anyway, AC are the new Beach Boys - wonderful, simple melodies, coupled with new and engaging production. And this is their Pet Sounds - simply marvelous.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2007"
8,"Very good.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2007"
9,"Relentlessly brilliant. The album is humble and without pretense. Full of color and autonomy. Get it.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2007"
10,"The listening experience of 2007. Animal Collective outdoes themselves (yet again). It baffles the mind that this decade's most relevant musicians are still virtually unknown to the average music appreciator. All 9 songs on the album are incredible.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2007"
10,"Surely their Poppiest Moment. But its also the weirdest pop around. This how POP should sound !!!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
9,"Great album, full of energy and passion, theres nothing like it",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"Painfully amazing.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
9,"The only reason I wouldn't consider Strawberry Jam to be my favorite album this year is because I decided long ago that nothing will top Person Pitch. It's easily my second favorite, though.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
10,"Nearly perfect. it might just be the album of the year.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2007"
9,"I have been a huge fan of Animal Collective since their inception. This is by far one of their very best releases. Definetely one of the best of 2007!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"I really recommend this album, is an experience.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"I can't stop playing it.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
9,"This CD is nearly perfect. 'Peacebone,' 'For Reverend Green,' and 'Fireworks,' are easily 3 of the best tracks of the year so far. The only misstep this disc has is '#1.' It's a decent track, but the 2 and a half minute filler at the end isn't good. If the track was under 3 minutes, it would be much better. This cd is great, though.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"surely this is a contender for 2007's best album yes, very Avey dominated but we had Person Pitch to get our Panda Bear fill and his presence is not totally missed here. Much better than Feels in my opinion. Looking forward to what comes next.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2007"
10,"Animal Collective's tastiest album so far. It's a glossy and colorful album. Oh, such wonder.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2010"
10,"This is the album I like the most from Animal Collective. Every song, is so damn good. I have to listen the the whole album every time because the songs connect so well and create such a great atmosphere and feel to it. I love love love this band and hope they can stay together for a long time.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2010"
10,"Even after the gorgeous and flawless Merriweather Post Pavilion, this record is still their best. The melodies are fantastic, and the myriad of odd samples and textures make it an extremely interesting listen. Avey's vocals are killer.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2012"
9,"one of my favorite animal collective albums. the cover says it all: right in your face, colorful and wild. the melodies are catchy but also thoughtful, and the vocals are vibrant and and a bit crazed.
a classic.",0,0,"May 16, 2014"
7,"Feels a bit like an experimental piece trying to find it's footing. Though the album isn't bad, it does produce some great tracks such as 'Peacebone', 'Fireworks', & '#1', but there are some moments in the album that feel erratic, frantic, and loud. Overall it's good tracks outweigh some of the bad.
7/10",0,0,"Feb 22, 2016"
10,"These songs are a meditation.  I listen to them while I work on my novel.  They have low points that some will find boring and climax in ways that others will find too stressful.  The music is more about experiencing the emotions and feelings, than it is about being pleasant.  There are probably six songs that I find constantly on my playlist.  Six good songs, to me, is a lot for one album.  I recommend We Are Him and How I Love You, if you're considering an Angels of Light album.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
8,"Another excellent album by DALEK. This is real hip hop, dark, ambiant and intelligent. You got to have a try.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2007"
1,"What kind of band name is Dalek? Someone's been watching too much Dr. Who... Exterminate!!",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
0,"Rap for metal fans. Bland, weak, and drab. If anyone thinks that this artist has talent, I highly suggest doing more research, because there are far better rappers out there.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2010"
0,"Considered among haunted house records, this one's a 10. Considered as a serious musical effort, it's horrendous.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2006"
0,"Garbage",0,0,"Oct  1, 2006"
8,"It's always funny to read the negative user comments on a noise album. Hey people, in case you haven't gotten the message yet, this is a NOISE album, not a pop record. It's not a heavy metal record or a hardcore punk record, either. It's noise. If you like noise artists like Merzbow, Sightings, Black Dice... who am I kidding? If you like those then you've already heard Wolf Eyes, and you probably like them. In which case, you need this album. This is one of their best albums, if not the best.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2006"
10,"People need to just take this for what it is, NOISE.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2006"
8,"Wow, the critical reception surprises me considering their last album wasn't quite so enjoyed. Good album.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
10,"It's Wolf Eyes. Need I say more? Definitely not for everyone, but if you're as jaded as I am, it's incredibly comforting to see Sub Pop put out something that actually has the daring and balls that they (and indie-rock in general) once possessed so many years ago. Definitely much more interesting and compelling than your run-of-the-mill guitar band.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
3,"Creepy...crappy...who the heck cares?",0,0,"Nov 22, 2006"
3,"Hmmf. File this one beside the last Scott Walker record in your collection. (In the dusty corner, with the other albums you got sucked into getting, as a result of the misguided practice of taking the advice of jaded rock critics looking for anything different.)",0,0,"Nov 23, 2006"
10,"one of the best noise albums recently if you don't like this try with madonna, or artic monkeys, or village people....",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
9,"This record is THE JAM!",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
7,"Human Animal plays very similarly to a number of Wolf Eyes' moodier releases on Bulb, particularly Dread and Slicer. Despite the instability of the current lineup, the tightness of their compositions (with respect to dynamics, as there is no apparent thematic melody driving the pieces, obviously) has become staggering, particularly on the opening track (which bears some vague resemblence to 'Desert of Glue, Wretched Hog' from Dread). Anyone who buys a Wolf Eyes album knows what he/she is getting into, so there is really no sense to take stock in the criticisms of naysayers who have no real appreciation of this group's ability to transcend a number of 'noise' styles with fluidity. To appreciate this band is to piss on hundreds of years of normative musical precedent for the sake of establishing their own rules -- just the way I like it. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2006"
5,"anthony & the johnsons with a cinematic immensity or 21st poetry with an arthouse soundtrack > it's genuine enough not to be pretentious, just frickin hard for anyone else to catch any of the abstract wavelengths that this 'epic' floats on...",0,0,"Jul 20, 2006"
0,"This is bad. I've listened to it 11 times trying to get it. I still can't, and this is coming from somebody who likes Tilt. I refuse to believe anybody actually enjoys this crap. Everybody must either be lying to be hip or decieving themselves into thinking it's good.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2006"
10,"guys, like what you like. stop bashing each other on whether this is good or not. if you don't like the album, realize others might like it and vice versa. i really like it, very dense and rewarding. good work.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2006"
6,"If you approach The Drift like a theater play you will probably find it bewitching and quite unique. The problem is that you seldom sit through a play more than once...and The Drift gets quite boring and portentous on repeated listens. After all this is an album of music not some far-out cabaret experiment!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2006"
10,"This is certainly not for everyone. However, Scott Walker has honed his craft to perfection with this album. This is the sound of a man who knows exactly the sound he wants, and he gets it. Whether anybody else is on his wavelength seems to be beside the point. If you happen to connect with the music, then this is the album of the century. If not, it's going to be unlistenable. This is not 'pop' music in any sense of the word. Having said that, it shouldn't sound too far out to people familiar with 'Tilt' or 20th Century avant-garde classical. This is ugly music for an ugly world, and Scott pulls it off perfectly.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
7,"quite interesting, i'd have to disagree with user reviews here so far. Keep in mind I don't usually like experimental music. But this album on the contrary is quite entertaining and unique. The main thing I look for when hearing an artist is their songwriting. It doesn't matter what style of music you play if you have good songwriting you can make any style of music work. His songwriting is nothing short of excellent and is a breath of fresh air in the stale indie music scene, which in my opinion the indie genre has become more of a style, than a category based on your record label or independence from a record label and recording budget. The lyrics and good production is what brings depth to this album, tons of depth for repeated listenings.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
10,"it is SO EASY to give something a 1 or a 0 and slag it off. have any of you fools ever done ANYTHING with such intensity, with such clarity, with such bloody-minded determination? which will last longer, which carries more weight? a 10-year-in-the-making musical statement from one of the most enduring, most highly regarded and uncompromising men in music, or a poorly considered opinion and a tossed of 'comment'. face it. you're not worthy to review a single note or word of this.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2006"
10,"Thus far the record of the new century, from an artist who made some of last century's best records, i.e. Scott 3. Psst... These aren't waltzes for dodo's. psst. This noirish take on life in a post modern world is accurate and revelatory. psst. And not, I might add with touches of absurdist humor..psst. There has always been an eerie strain running through Scott's recordings, now with this stripped down, bleak, spare approach the essence of life, if not music itself, is laid bare for all to see, and for all to hear.psst...",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
10,"album of the year for sure. no other album has grabbed me as much this one",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
0,"I find it very amusing that this album is considered, based on its artistic merit, an 'excellent' album. When I try to decipher what exactly is artistic about it, I end up latching onto its incessent weirdness and unrelenting collage of ugly sounds. Is it art to sit at a keyboard, fiddle around a bit, and pound out 'blocks of sound' which could have easily been produced by anyone with determination, time, and a haughty enough attitude to consider endless sonic ramblings as something genuinely musical? Or perhaps its artistic to pair it with an absurdly terrible voice which, unlike other unconventional voices, fails to embody an interesting personality. I've searched this album for talent, but I hear only a delusional fool tinkering on his keyboard, communicating 'poetry' which is straight from a 10th grade pothead's diary. About the only thing of artistic merit in this album is the pop culture phenomenon its generated.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2006"
8,"Hypnotic and Bleak, this LP really lays down the gloom. It is interesting and challenging in equal measure with a payoff of visionary heights and depths. Dynamic. In some morose way, it even reminds me of Antony in a dark hour.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2006"
1,"Just because it sounds different doesn't mean it is good. This is atrocious. Consider me shallow but I think listening to music to be an enjoyable experience. 'Challenging' is a red flag. This is supposed to be terrifying but I find it monotonous and unmoving. This is a case of the emperor's new clothes, because it is different people feel they are missing out on it. I'm not afraid to say it has been my least favorite album of 2006. If someone sees hating an album as some kind of accomplishment, well mission accomplished.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2006"
10,"Well, it's funny. I started to worry there were too many idiots jumping on this whole Scott_is_a_godlike_genius bandwagon. Nice to know there are douche bags who'll never get it. Now go back to listening to your wilco albums.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
9,"It's a shame a few critics couldn't find it in themselves to give this exceptional album a favourable review. The music is challenging, but ultimately rewarding. If you want to hear some ubiquitous sweet '3 min power-pop song' then stay clear. If you are genuinely interested in music and the limitations of it's broad scope, you'll be ultimately rewarded by listening to this album. i've heard it about 50 times so far and I've not even scraped the surface. one of the tracks has precussion of someone pummelling a slab of pork ..and on another he squalks like donald duck. Sound smug and pretentious? It's not. An excellent piece of work. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2006"
1,"Worst vocals I've heard since.... uh... can't think of any yet... ok worst vocals ever.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2006"
10,"Oh, shut up all of you metacritic whores, it's all about music and feeling , not about scores and all that garbage. The album's great, there's no need theorising and pontificating about Scott Walker. You either get it or you don't. Thoise who say it's the 'worst vocals ever' probably had a full-frontal lobotomy, but who cares? The man is a genius, you half-assed critics can all get fucked. See ya",0,0,"Jun  9, 2006"
9,"I can't stand how people can't handle artistic music. Think of all the different types of progressions and modern achievements in art, now think of all the crap in the music business! Kudos to a man who creats artistic music. Yes, this is not meant to be for the radio listening crowd, so why do they feel like they have the right to critic it!?",0,0,"Jul 23, 2006"
0,"I find it terribly self-indulgent and ultimately a horrible listen. It's bad+silly+horrid... why it's a triple axle of tripe.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2006"
4,"I respect what Scott Walker attempts to do every ten years or so, and sometimes, as with parts of Tilt, the results are impressive and even listenable (e.g the Jacques Brel covers). Alas, for all his Walker's aestheticism, this CD will join Neil Young's WELD and Lou Reed's METAL MACHINE MUSIC in the 'records to empty a party at 3 a.m' hall of fame.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2006"
10,"Absolutely superb! This album cements Scott as the greatest EVER. I wouldn't worry about others not liking it folks. It does take a bit of getting into and must be played loud, as it says in the notes.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2006"
9,"Scott Walker comes as close to the edge of his 30 year musical experiment as he can,,,,,,while still managing to score a record deal. To continue on this path would mean an album of lyrical silence.......interrupted only by carefully placed Scott burps and farts. He puts his voice in an unrelenting neutral, plays with syntax, hones and flays the language,.......the music. And still, the semantical effect, that is so obsessively calculated,is powerfully emotional. It's brilliant that he accomplished his goal. As always, the album is about humankind.,,,.... it just doesn't rely on garrulous theories or cliched antics to reveal the state we are in. I think he seeks to unfold......not confound., really...........and sometimes it's better for you and me when it isn't spelled out.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2006"
10,"Scott Walker rules. There is no 'On Your Own Again' or 'Montague Terrace (In Blue)' on this album but nonetheless, it's the kind of decadent, self-indulgent recording that all artists should be so lucky to make.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2006"
0,"Spent enough time with this, even after a bad first impression. The songs (sic) are essentially unlistenable. Those who champion this as substantial are drugged or happy to be part of the 'out' group. All this rant about edgy and power is just a bootkissing demonstration. It's the emperor's new clothes by the critics and some of the public is afraid to say what's so painfully clear. This album is terrible.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2006"
0,"How about if I just moan while shoving a crooked stick in my pussy and record it. It would be far more interesting than this shit, and would probably sound about the same.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2007"
0,"This is unlistenable crap. I don't know if he was trying to be Nick Cave or something, but it didn't work. I don't usually dump on so-called 'critics' darlings,' but how the hell can you like this record?",0,0,"Dec 21, 2006"
3,"Before fans of this album decide to attack me or assume that I listen to 'poppy' albums, I'd like to clarify: I don't. I generally adore progressive albums, especially those that stray from the mainstream, but this, I simply found boring and mostly unlistenable. For being a supposedly lush and rellentless, I found the album to be frustratingly slow paced. Although many parts of the album are catharticly frightenting (which is a good thing), most of the album failed to provide me with any sort of frightening adreline rush, and Walker's vocals, which are as whinny and incomprehensible as the worst emo bands out there, did not help the album at all. If people want exapansive, frightening music, there are much better choices out there than Scott Walker's attempt.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2006"
1,"This is quiet possibly one of the worst things ever recorded - a sign of the times we live in that something like this can be elevated to artistic status, vocals are appaling, lyrics at times meaningless at others pretentiously self-aware.Boys this is not avant-garde music.But we live in an age where anything that deviates from the tried and tested norms will be lauded and laureled.He is over-reaching from the very begining.just coz something is 'difficult' doesnt mean its profound...music is elongated, contorted, absolute torture. Gave a musician friend this album to listen to and he burst out laughing after about 10 seconds..This album could tip anyone slightly suicidal over the edge",0,0,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"Can't believe some of the negative comments here. You people have NO FUCKING CLUE about Scott.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2006"
10,"This album is great, sheer terror and brilliance.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2006"
10,"I find this album's detractors interesting. Their comments remind me about the way people reacted towards any great, and forward-looking work. People said the same kinds of things about the Rite of Spring by Stravinsky. Of course, now that work is regarded as one of the greatest works of music of all time. Maybe one day 'the Drift' will be considered as the 'Rite of Spring' of popular music. It is a radical change, but one which is well-needed. Whether or not you like the combination of sounds he used, if you take one single sound or part out, the entire thing would collapse. Scott Walker is a genius, I believe that.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
10,"Amazingly transcedental melodies which the general music listener has had no exposure unless versed in RIO or Avant Jazz/classical offerings. Brilliant work that will be hailed by crtics and music fans beyond the 21st century.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2006"
0,"challenging is one word for it just as its a challenge crawl through a 3ft pool of excrement with your hands tied behind your back .",0,0,"Jun 23, 2006"
10,"There has never been anything quite like 'The Drift'. That doesn't mean it is good. It is simply a monumental work that some wll digest faster then others. It is quite exciting, and, contrary to other reviewers here , it is an enjoyable experience Certainly the best this year.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
10,"Certaimly not for everyone and THAT'S a good thing. Walker proves it's all about going too far. An amazing record.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2006"
0,"Umm.. WTF was that I just listened to? Rolling Stone calls him a cult artist, Im not sure I disagree, I wished I had joined Heaven",0,0,"Jul 26, 2006"
2,"As a comedy album, I give this an 8. Unfortunately, I don't think it is. This sounds like the product of some gloomy teenagers with no musical training, but lots of notions of what they deem 'artsy' or 'avant garde'.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
0,"Calling this 'music' would be an insult to the first neandarthal to hit a rock with a stick.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2006"
9,"Scares me shitless. All very pretentious but worth every minute.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2006"
10,"The music is challenging. There has never been anything like it. Scott Walker is a genius. He knows exactly what sounds he wants. I like it very much after the third play.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2006"
1,"I listen to a LOT of music. This is hardly music. It may will be raw & emotional but it's hardly quality music. Its inexplicable critical acclaim convinces me all the more that (most) critics are jaded incompetent fools.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2006"
1,"Makes me cry, and as The Wreckers say, 'it's not the good kind.'",0,0,"Jun 14, 2006"
10,"How can anybody rate it with one star? This is not music? You bet it isn't. It's A LOT more than that. Fuck you and your record collection .",0,0,"Jun 15, 2006"
8,"Matt D., if you had to take out The Wreckers cd to put in Scott Walker, I'm pretty sure he was never meant to be there in the first place.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
2,"un-listen-able",0,0,"Jun 17, 2006"
10,"What Elvis should have been.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2006"
9,"There's really nothing else like it, and I find it overwhelmingly powerful. Like Jacques Brel plus Leonard Cohen plus Trent Reznor plus Alban Berg. It makes perfect sense that those who've heard this dense, dark album either love it or hate it. It's 'musique maudit,' but I cam't shake it for the life of me. Beautiful and brilliant. Sorry, haters, I'm proud to have drunk the Kool-Aid.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2006"
9,"musicians are stupid. they don't know anything about music.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2006"
8,"why are people lsitening to this album who don't like difficult music...this is scary shit and the people who are giving it zeros....who knows",0,0,"Mar 21, 2007"
8,"This is an extremely difficult album that a lot of people will hate. You can tell just by reading the user reviews which of these people actually know what to expect from a Walker album and those who just listened based on a Metacritic score or Pitchfork review. It took me about two months (and dozens of listens) to penetrate this album. When I finally did, I found it terrifying, deep, and breath-taking. There's as much to be found in its moments of tape-hiss and silence as there is when it reaches it's most decadent moments. Worth listening, but only if you're willing to invest time in it.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2007"
8,"it's dark, its wonderful, and quite frankly its creepy as hell. Yes, this is Scott Walker at a pretty extravagant working rate, except maybe a smaller rate than Bisch Bosch or Soused, but still, fair to say, pretty bloody extravagant.
The album in its entirety is there to challenge you, to scare you, but at the same time to entertain you and pull you in. Which it does brilliantly.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2014"
10,"Yeah, and I KNOW that this is the best album of mono.....I can't control my emotion...",0,0,"Apr 20, 2006"
10,"Throughout their six-year career, MONO has ascended consistently in both popularity and critical acclaim, with record sales and live show attendance corresponding. But still elusive to the Japanese quartet has been the successful translation of their powerful and violently beautiful live performances to their recordings. Despite their albums' masterful subtleties and majestic walls of noise, the consensus has remained that their transcendent live show is simply incomparable. If there is any chance of breaking that spell, it lies in You Are There, without a doubt the prime contender to unite the live and recorded worlds of MONO. Once again captured to tape by Steve Albini at his Electrical Audio studios in Chicago, IL, the album extends the cinematic drama of 2003's Walking Cloud and Deep Red Sky, Flag Fluttered and the Sun Shined (also recorded by Albini), while surpassing the sinister heaviness of 2002's lauded One Step More and You Die. If Walking Cloud was a nuclear winter, then You Are There is the post-war rebirth; steeped in an ominous creation-via-destruction atmosphere not heard since Neurosis' landmark Enemy of the Sun defined the sound more than a decade ago. You Are There disproves the myth that an increased focus on intricate song structures and string arrangements comes at the expense of youthful energy and inspired aggression. With You Are There, MONO's representation of tragedy comes with an inherent joy, delivered with the hope that in all dark there is equal parts light. They're not heavy like Black Sabbath - they're heavy like Beethoven. Jeremy deVine /Temporary Residence Limited",0,0,"Apr 19, 2006"
6,"Not exactly fresh, they seem to be using the same exact formula throughout the album. While the production's nice and it all sounds pretty on first listen, it doesn't stand up on later spins and ultimately lacks substance. They've done better.",0,0,"May 16, 2006"
8,"Moins extraordinaire que le suivant, un album charnire dans la discographie du groupe japonais: les morceaux fivreux succdent  des titres plus planants mme si l'orage gronde toujours.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2013"
9,"It requires an active mind to appreciate, but the album will eventually take you in and take you to a terrifying and wonderful place.  This is music as an experience, and in my opinion the best album of this band.  Grab a neat scotch, dim the lights, lay down, and turn it up.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2014"
1,"stupid shit",0,0,"Mar  6, 2007"
8,"Much better, much more musical than one would expect. It's not just an album of drum solos, it's an album of songs. Recommended by me.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
8,"Marvellous instrumental album. Better than anything with a voice so far this year.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Wow!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2006"
9,"I know very little about The National, but I do know about the Clogs. And I like the Clogs. This one tops the excellant Stick Music.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
8,"beautiful neo-classical album that blends classical and jazz elements wonderfully.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
10,"A contemporary work of magic, capturing the essence of beauty in music.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
10,"I've seen polarized views, but this is definitely the apex of what i've seen. 5.6 overall customer rating, pockmarked with 0s, 1s, 9s, and 10s. Haha, and as it should be, because this is absolutely a love-it-or-hate-it work of art. You're either on its wave-length, or you're denounce it as trash halfway through the first song. I'm the former, and i will not be able to live without owning this music. My girlfriend is the latter. So be it. Lightning Bolt has accomplished its mission. A cult they remain. And boy am i glad to be in that cult.",2,2,"Mar  7, 2007"
8,"I'd be lying if I said that this album is a ten, but it's a hell of a record. I mean I understand why some people wouldn't like it, it takes a good listen to hear how these two guys were able to do all this with just drums and bass. I find it to be a shame that some people don't bother to give it a good listen. Like all good music it takes a while to fully understand. Amazing album.",1,1,"Mar  7, 2006"
5,"I'm scared....Honestly...I will give them a respetful nod to originality, energy, and musicianship...At the same time, I admire a well-done avant-garde listen...Maybe I'll track it a few more times.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2006"
0,"You can easily get the same effect without leaving your own home! Place a large metallic receptacle (bucket or cooking pot) over your head and bang with a large mallet repeatedly. For best results turn on every appliance in your house and leave running whilst doing this. Voila! A droning, masochistic waste of time!",0,1,"Jun  8, 2006"
2,"no thanks, just nothing there i liked",0,1,"Oct 30, 2005"
10,"it's happening. my ears have lost all elasticity. every other album i own is a pile of second-rate joan-baez-influenced pussy-footing around the point. 'But what is the point?' i hear you ask, you poor innocent. DERH! DERH-DERH-DERH- D-D-D-DERH! (that's from track four). makes death from above seem like your little sister's casey-casem mix tape. oh no...",0,1,"Feb  6, 2006"
10,"This album is as close to an ass raping as I want to experience. Rocks the hizzouse.",0,1,"Oct 19, 2005"
10,"Balls-out perfection and madness. Lightning Bolt captures what",0,1,"Oct 28, 2005"
10,"relentless. I'd never listen to anything else, that is, of course, if i can sew my ears back on and scoop my spattered skull from the wall behind me.",0,1,"Apr 16, 2006"
2,"This isn't music, it's noise. And it's 'indie' for a reason.",0,2,"Jan 16, 2006"
0,"Proof that hipsters will buy into anything.",0,1,"Dec 19, 2006"
3,"I give it 3 points because this music has its place in the music world. But I don't hear the melody, and it grates on me a lot. Might have been a bit better with stronger vocals.",0,1,"Nov  5, 2005"
10,"Spectacular !!!! breathtaking!!!",0,0,"May 20, 2006"
9,"people dont know what pretentious means, obviously, because this isnt it.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
0,"Shocking. This isn't music.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2006"
9,"shocking. who are all these chodes who love boredom and hate fun? why are they listening to this record?",0,0,"Jun  5, 2006"
0,"it's not music. it's just noise.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2005"
1,"Intense is not the same as good. Where are the hooks and the melody that u can return too?",0,0,"Oct 30, 2005"
0,"A pretentious barrage of noise, and badly mastered. I'm amazed by people jumping on the bandwagon claiming this will expand your mind, all it really does is give you perspective on how bad an over-hyped album can be.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2006"
0,"Thought this would an eye-opening album. Tame riffs over drums which have been pushed into the backround wrapped in whining distorted vocals. A mediocre and unimaginitive album.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2006"
1,"I guess this forum gets mostly polarised posts from 'reviewers', but I was quite intrigued to find so many bad reviews for a record that rated so highly among the music press...so I thought I should check it out for myself. Well, it's true: this is an almost totally self-indulgent, pretentious, cacophonic mess. If you think firing a shotgun full of paint pellets onto a canvas is art, you might dig this to",0,0,"Apr 16, 2006"
9,"It's obvious why so many people wouldn't like this, but I love it. Dead Cowboy for example is one of the best songs I've heard in a very long time.",0,0,"May 15, 2006"
1,"I don't know what happened to the various reviewers and online critics, but this is the worst album I have ever heard. I think those who are rating this album highly are doing so in a pathetic attempt to differentiate themselves in an admittedly stagnant world",0,0,"May 23, 2006"
8,"It's appeal is far from universal, and its not a record I'm compelled to constantly listen to. That said, this album is worth hearing for fans left-field music who can actually stomach a bit of dissonance and noise (as opposed to the weak-kneed, limp-wristed, mincing pansy fairies claiming this is 'just noise' or 'not music').",0,0,"Apr  5, 2007"
7,"Great music! But only for 5 minutes, then you get a headache.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2005"
9,"you're playing the wrong game if you're looking for 'hooks and melody.' pl-ease. cry me a sufjan.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2005"
9,"Ahhhh, pussies, all of you! You might not like them, but Lightning Bolt are not noise .They're about as structured and as melodic as it gets. They're a rock band, and I mean that in the best, and most intense way possible. They take really conventional elements like riffs and melody and blast them into the stratosphere. A lot of people label Lightning Bolt as noise, but Merbow is noise, even something more structed like Wolf Eyes is a lot more noisy than the Bolt. What I always liked about LIghtning Bolt is how much they rock. Wonderful Rainbow was actually dissapointing because it seemed to tone down everything that I liked about Ride the Skies so much. This album perfects it. There's still a child like exuberence on some of the tracks, but most of this record points to the direction of earth searing rock and roll. The bass tone is thicker and has more depth, and the drums are destructive. Despite appealing to the art crowd and scensters, this music is purely visercal and goes right for the heart, with no intellectualizing needed. It's abrasive, but in the most melodic and uplifting way possible.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2005"
10,"Where are the hooks and the melody?! Lightning Bolt's music is more or less solely comprised of hooks, riffs and melody! It might not be in the same casual format you're used to, but you're clearly not listening hard enough. Just because it is drums and a bass guitar cranked up to 11 doesn't make it devoid of merit. It's pop music, just very loud and utterly inspiring pop music!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
8,"This music has more sheer, raw power behind it than just about anything I have heard since, well...Raw Power (Iggy & the Stooges, you sorry uninitated sap).",0,0,"Nov  7, 2005"
10,"Hypermagic Mountain takes what Lightning Bolt laid down with Wonderful Rainbow and plays with it, like its thier prey. A great fucking album.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2005"
10,"9.5 really. You hear about music with passion and heart in it. This music is only passion and heart. These are two guys who simply love to make an ungodly racket, and it kicks insane amounts of ass. Uninitiated listeners will have to spend a few hours picking up the pieces of their skull after the first listen. Wonderful Rainbow was better, but if you liked that, get this album, lazy whore.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2005"
9,"A '0' and a '1'. Right. As if those reviewers have actually bought and heard this record. In any case if they did actually buy it they have both shown them to be entirely incapable of opening their ears to new sounds. I suggest they stick with MOR bands like Nickelback... This is a clever and imaginative record.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2005"
0,"hated it!",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
10,"A bloody F@#$ing Trip. Great Heights and on and on and on. It lasted an hour it felt like 10 minutes. Really Nice. It appeals in both ways: difficul and experimental opposed by simplicity and appealness of their sound.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2005"
10,"Not a perfect 10. Amazing album, though. It's relentless; it will pummel you into the ground and will leave you wanting more.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"Utterly ridiculous.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"Anyone who doesn't enjoy this album has a small penis.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2005"
10,"One word: Wow..!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2005"
10,"One for the ages, and nothing out there comes close. It out-arts art, out-noises noise, out metals-metal and out-rocks rock. A classic record!!!",0,0,"Oct 29, 2005"
9,"youll either really like the production or hate it. L bolt excel as a live band so raw production is a good idea",0,0,"Oct 31, 2005"
9,"oh, hell yes. standouts include 'mohawk windmill' and 'dead cowboy.'",0,0,"Jan 11, 2006"
10,"I have never felt more panegyrical about a record in my entire lifetime. I recently played it through again and couldn't resist popping a boner. The day I walk into a room and find a woman volitionally blasting a Lightning Bolt record, I will abnegate chastity and make sweet love to her right on top of her boombox (hopefully the CD won't skip, or we'll have to stop). No one can trump the simultaenously abrasive and piercing masculinity of this infamous bass and drums duo. The booboisie attack its lack of 'hooks and melody,' but if you can't find those, you're not hearing right. 2Morro Morro Land opens the record, proclaiming Lightning Bolt's boisterous, assiduous mastery, shock-and-awing us to impossible degrees. Dead Cowboy, both a tirade railing against Bush and a supple braggadocio, is the album's paragon, atrophying and dessicating-----eight minutes in length, its multiple climaxes provide endless satisfaction. Only Infinity Farm allows any time for breath, but the suitably titled closer No Rest for the Obsessed arrives before we know it, finishing open-endedly and rendering us obsequious. Even with less than one-hundred words, Hypermagic Mountain is infinitely replayable, and one of 2005's only perfectly rated records-----none of Metacritic's reviews gave it anything below a 70. It is a shimmering, astounding masterpiece.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2006"
9,"This is a very courageous band. They are bound only by their own imagination, in an industry full of pretentiousness. This will obviously not appeal to everyone, but you must give them an applause even if you don't like the album. My only issue is I wish the mix given more way to drums. But that's my personal preference. The guitar tones are absolutely fantastic as are the 'compositions.' A must buy for anyone sick of hearing the same old same old ugly boring music. Explore this and expand your mind.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2006"
9,"self-indulgent? pretentious? these terms have never stopped music listeners before. whether it be pete townshend claiming the who to be the only band that matters or robert plant stuffing his crotch. it's obvious this album is sending people to the 10's and the 0's and that is definitely what it is trying to do. love it or hate it, you cannot deny this album is completely original and originality is something that should be valued.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2006"
0,"Are ya freakin' kiddin me? A TOP 10 Album of the year? This sounds like the aborted love-child of Marilyn Manson and an Al Quaeda beheading...",0,0,"Oct 26, 2006"
8,"louder, louder louder less wild and dramatic, but stunning the drums on 'dead cowboy' will kill the unprepared. be prepared.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2006"
1,"The recorded sound of a transit van decanting band and instruments onto the motorway at high speed. An true experiment in musical endurance.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2006"
1,"I wouldn't even call this music, it's just noise, and not a good noise either.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2006"
0,"I've listened to this album many times in different settings, moods and seasons. I've searched long and hard for depth and the appeal that these guys seem to have and found nothing. A pretentious band for conceited listeners. Pathetic.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2006"
0,"People who rate this album highly are pretentious posers. Listen to this album to hear the sound of a band disappearing up its own ass.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2006"
0,"A great example of the sounds on the periphery, and what a sorry state music as a whole is in.",0,0,"May 17, 2006"
0,"Sounds like twelve year olds making noise in their basement.",0,0,"May 22, 2006"
0,"What a waste of time.",0,0,"May 25, 2006"
0,"Really, really bad album.",0,0,"May 26, 2006"
0,"Really bad album.",0,0,"May 31, 2006"
9,"Ridiculously complex art-metal that comes highly recommended for fans of Black Dice, Wolf Eyes and extremes in general. Old-timers like me can recall Japan's frantic duo Ruins (the only real Lightning Bolt precedent that I can name), but this is even more enjoyable. Although the sounds are extreme, the sense of playfulness (sample trackname: 'Captain Caveman') and exploration makes this a fantastic listen.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2006"
1,"what the !@#$%^^$@@$!##@%#%@!!????",0,0,"Aug 13, 2006"
10,"Such polarized views! Lightning Bolt puts out amazing albums and even more amazing live shows.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2006"
10,"Brilliant, mesmerizing, and almost does justice to their live show.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2007"
10,"In order to truly appreciate the madness that is Lightning Bolt, one must utilize a proper set of speakers rather than the puny headphones all those naysayers are using. You see, this stuff is pure sonic weaponry. The thrill of listening to it could be considered similar to other tests of one's fortitude, such as consuming hot chili, or imbibing vast amounts of strong liquor. Hypermagic Mountain should come with a warning on the cover about the proximity of pets and small children to whatever device is comissioned to... 'emit'... this stuff. Don't like your neighbors? Perhaps a well-placed bolt of lightning will scare 'em away, if you know what I mean. Put it on your stereo, turn the speakers towards your resident enemies, and blast away!",0,0,"May  5, 2007"
9,"This album is amazing. It takes the best parts of Ride the Skies and Wonderful Rainbow, blends them together and shoves them down your ear canal. To call this noise is to do it a grave injustice: there are some serious songs here, these guys know exactly what they are doing. Of course, if you were not down with the Bolt before, this album isn't going to change your opinion.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
0,"Absolute garbage. Unlistenable. A waste of bandwidth.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2005"
0,"I can also play every instrument at the same time in no order. This isnt music, this is noice.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
0,"Having bought this album and listened to it repeatedly, I can confidently say that initially it sounds like a convoluted mess, and eventually one realises that there is no real complexity behind the music. Simply a self indulgent waste of talent, time and money.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
9,"i just have to say, what the hell is going on. this is really messed up. .... I like it.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2005"
9,"I think Neil Young would enjoy this. Kaboom. It's huge.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
1,"Wow....i often wonder whether these reviewers aren't just looking for something totally out of the ordinary to which they will commend. And of course most listeners, after checking their fav mag review, will follow in suit to say that, as d palm has commented, 'this is really messed up. .... I like it.' Its all noise to me....",0,0,"Dec  9, 2005"
9,"When I first got this album, I thought it was the worst, most unlistenable noise I had ever heard. I couldn't even listen to it the whole way through. Since I try to give everything a chance before I decide to hate it, the next day I came back to it, even though I dreaded having to listen to something so crap again. And it was awesome . I spent the next hour alternately rocking out to the dense, sweaty riffs and beats and laughing my arse off at the sheer crazyness of it. So make sure you give this album a chance, and it will reward you well. It's also awesomely good for annoying uptight neighbours and roommates. The only downside is that your friends and family will think you've gone insane the first time they hear it.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2005"
10,"This album is the shit. I suspect that people listening to it in the complacent settings of their own home with muffled stereos feebly blasting away may not be astute enough to get the gist of what lighting bolt is all about... you have to see them live at least once THEN listen to this stuff, which is secondary to their live act really. But I'm giving it 10 anyways cause no recording will ever do justice to the noise these guys make.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2006"
10,"awesome!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2007"
9,"It's like god was getting really pissed off and frustrated and he sent a flood to wipe us out for being so shit, but that didn't quite scratch him where he itched, so he picked up his bass and tore the fuck out of it and Lightning Bolt found the tape.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
9,"Not Wonderful Rainbow but still not like anything else. Takes listening not hearing you low score giving fools.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
9,"more metal riffs on this one. louder sound. absolutely essential.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
10,"I love this album. It's amazing. It's a really  heavy album, so maybe that's why so many people don't like it. It's incredibly dense for an album consisting of only a bass guitar and drums. A lot of people just see it as just noise, and it pretty much is, but it is perfectly crafted noise. It's standout songs are 2 Morro Morro Land, Captain Caveman, Magic Mountain, Dead Cowboy, and Bizarro Zarro Land.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2014"
10,"unbeliever",0,0,"Aug 17, 2006"
10,"One of the strongest albums to come out this year. Pop brilliance from the boys who just won't let up. Intense. Rhythmic. Sounds from another world and one in which I'd gladly pitch a tent. And make sure to see them live. They stun.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2005"
10,"One of BDs best. What formula? That's just nonsense. AND the album cover of the year hands down.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2005"
9,"Fucking good, anyway.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2005"
8,"excellent sounds that i have never heard before.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
10,"My favorite album of 2005 so far.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2005"
10,"This album is beautiful, haunting, powerful, and most of all, essentially Bjork. The best song is Storm by far.",2,2,"Aug 28, 2005"
9,"love, love love bjork. i should have driven to red rocks to see her...one big regret.",1,1,"Sep  9, 2005"
10,"Abstract ,this soundtrack creates the space , which is set to be never covered by any human being. It takes an effort to understand, but in return it rips you out of this world, at least for 11 tracks of it.",1,1,"Aug 26, 2005"
10,"breathtaking abstract music. 'ambergris march' and 'storm' are the highlights.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2005"
9,"This is truly a great work. Bjrk rocks!!! She is a genius. 'Gratitude' with Bonnie Prince Billy is awsome and 'Storm' made with Leila beats your ears as your put under the pressure os 2000 ft. sea water. Like you were really inside a storm. figure that! The noh piece is also interesting. Japan is beautiful.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2005"
8,"It's obvious she is one of the most accomplished, talented and original artists that music has always known. She is, for me, everything that I've just said. This is my humble opinion. This is her worse album, but hey! If anybody else could pretend to have an album like this creative and good as his/her/their worse album... they'd definitely lie! Bjrk is a pure genius, that's all. Some sounds may be hard to stomach... and I can understand but the facts are here: this is art and greedy mainstream music lovers are not invited listening to this. Bjrk invites and transports the listener into a surrealistic but down-to-earth (at the same time) world and landscape. The mix of very ancient japanese chants and ultra-modern sounds is really powerful. Standout tracks: 'Ambergris March', 'Storm' and 'Gratitude'.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
8,"Some truly beautiful and poignant moments. Bonnie Prince Billy is amazing on Gratitude. Didn't quite like the length of the chanting bit, interesting but far too long.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
7,"I'm an avid fan of Bjork, and I've tried to listen to this album for a couple of times, but I can't get it. Where, in the other hand, I got Medulla and her other works at the very first time I heard it. maybe this one's too experimental and too artistic for me. the part where there's the sho and Japanese chants and when she came up with those goose-bumping voice were astounding and creepy at the same time.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2007"
7,"Nobody will waste time listening to this record. 'Gratitude', 'Storm' or 'Ambergris March' are wonderfull 'songs' (if you can call them that way...). But I can't feel the same enthusiasm for this record as I did for 'Medlla', 'Homogenic' or maybe even 'Selmasongs'.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2005"
8,"Bjork's soundtrack is very admirable work. This is a side project, so its all experimental . Those expecting Bjork maybe be dissappointed, she only appears in a few tracks. I would reccommend this to fans only. Very similiar to 'Medulla'.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2005"
7,"It's almost a voiceless record, but Bjork's presence is still very recognizable. It proves how much she's great even as a composer.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
7,"A very unique work that whether you hate it or love it, you are bound to respect and admire it.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2005"
9,"Many people have made the mistake of reviewing this as a pop album. It isn't. Songs aren't to be expected. It's a work of contemporary classical music  lots of dissonant instrumentals (Hunter Vessel), minimalist soundscapes (Pearl, Bath, Shimenawa, Antarctic Return), experimental electronic music (Petrolatum, Storm) and just a few lyrical melodies (Gratitude and the lesser Cetacea).  It is a work of contemporary classical music and a pretty damn good one at that. It shows the skill of its creator and her collaborators and confirm that she is one of the greatest composers of our time.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2013"
0,"bbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd is all I can say. Disconnected and distant, it's just plain bad",0,0,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"The music industry needs to take these guys seriously some day.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2005"
8,"It is very conceptual, strong, emotional and beautiful record which it is necessary to listen to the end. I did it, and have received the big satisfaction.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2005"
9,"animal lover is one of their most melodic releases ever. i am huge fan and have been for 20 years. although my favorites are Not Available, Meet the Residents, Fingerprince and Dusk Stab, for them to release something so uniquely dark and beautiful after 30 years says a lot. the only thing wish it had more of are the haunting vocals from the past. the female arrangements are brilliant and weird, but a bit less personal. thank you",0,0,"Jun 20, 2005"
10,"I always loved their - and now also more/ Very minds album/ Great thanx!!!",0,0,"Jan  9, 2006"
9,"After 30 years of existence and without any line-up changes (as for as we know, right?), this band comes up with the most original/conceptual album of the year! How can one accurately describe this gem? It should appeal to the entire spectrum of music maniacs who visit this site; from pop puppies to avant alligators! We can only now hope The Residents decide to tour and bring Animal Lover to the live stage like they did for the Demon Lover record!!!",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
10,"This is a fantastic CD. Some of the best work ever by the eyeballs. Unlike anything I have ever heard. A very refreshing change to what music has offered in the last few years.",0,0,"May 29, 2005"
4,"It's fake nature art.....and that's it.",0,0,"May  2, 2005"
10,"Doesn't sound anything like The Residents, but could not have been done by anyone else. Indescribably beautiful.",0,0,"May 13, 2005"
10,"Best i've heard from the Residents in quite a long time.",0,0,"May 14, 2005"
10,"Awesome!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2005"
10,"Simultaneously unlistenable and danceable, this record is a perfection of anti-social brilliance.",0,0,"May 31, 2005"
1,"This is an ego trip by a connected couple indulging their egos and demanding we all call it art. Their is nothing endearing about this album except in listening to the most ill-conceived attempt at 'avant garde' since John and Yoko stayed in bed.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2007"
9,"I don't get the pan job done on this record by the critics. It's absolutely gorgeous and to say that bands like Mogwai do it better is ludicrous. They may HAVE done it better, but right now bands like Mono and Explosions in the Sky are far more interesting than Mogwai is now. Hopefully some people will listen a little more closely and with more of an open mind.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2004"
10,"I'm have it on repeat almost all the time.. great cd! and i also think that One step more and you die is a great cd too.. if you like Mono you should try One step more and you die.. but Walking cloud is better...",0,0,"Mar 16, 2005"
10,"I concur with the sentiments expressed thus far. Mono is not Mogwai. And if you have had the opportunity to see both live, you will realize that they are quite different. (Both are great live, but Mono is much more energetic than Mogwai live.) As for the album, it is a beautiful album that conveys a level of emotion that is missing in much recent post-rock. Also, upon repeated and closer listens, one SHOULD realize that Mono's compositions are original and, while clearly similar to Mogwai, Explosions, Godspeed, etc., quite different in subtle and important ways.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2005"
10,"the most cohesive record by this uncompromising, deep and uncanny band. its strange beauty and musical deepness makes it a winner, an album I always go back with infinite pleasure!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2007"
10,"I really like their music.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
10,"another perfect release from the very prolific tim kinsella.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2004"
10,"Excellent Album and very different compared to their others",0,0,"Oct 28, 2004"
9,"wow... i don't know i must really like their music. The Sound and the feeling when they played the music is so naturally come out.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2005"
10,"an outstanding and beautiful work that engages you from deep in your soul.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2004"
10,"Stellar Tones from the Main Sequence.
Eno - Talking Heads - U2. Composer, producer and 'reluctant' musician. Collaboration with Fripp dates to the early 1970s. Although there have been interesting or dismissive reviews (refer: Stylus, ground and sky, pitchfork) and the suggestion that Eno isn't enthused with digital technology as a medium of expression,  I believe this album could represent a true beginning for the pair or perhaps their main sequence;  a hard-won reconciliation in an intellectual and artisically mature creation for these world encompassing souls - equatorial stars - themselves. I say this because I have little affection for their early work, with the exception of Eno's masterpiece APOLLO soundtrack (1983) . I feel pure electro or electro-acoustic music did not rise from the primordial sludge until Jean Michel Jarre gave it wings in 1976. With The Equatorial Stars one has to speculate if the pair had based elements of these compositions on the astrophysical properties of the stellar bodies so named. Only five of the seven titles refer to individual stars, two are constellations, therefore the album title is thematic - not literal, and plural not singular. This leads to the idea of the binary and more importantly a reference to the relationship between Eno and Fripp, as artists and friends.
Track 1 - Meissa. A binary system. The companion is fainter. The composition implies a disorder of sorts in the system; a happy one...if you get the drift - off axis - weaving, waver...ing. Not a 'tea- toter' evidently, Lambda Orionis (Meissa, in Ara..Arabic...hic!).
Track 2 -  Lyra. Constellation populated with binaries or multiples. Feathering, with an immaculate cresendo that defies description.
Track 3 - Tarazed. Star. Gamma Aquilae. Constellation of Aquilla. 'A terse plaintive melody played recurrently by Fripp against the humongous space of Eno'.
Track 4 - Lupus. Constellation. Many binaries - a carnival.
Track 5 - Ankaa. Alpha Phoenicis. (Whose entry in Wikipedia reads like a police record...). Ankaa has a small companion (...no matching description). Ankaa is, however, an 'old smoker' - heavy, leaden and due to die.
Track 6 - Altair. Star. Constellation of Aquila, 'a funky guitar rhythm that chops along'. Altair does 'chop along'. Young, fast and oblate it completes a full rotation within ten hours - (regardless, it is one of the few stars for which a direct image of the surface has been obtained).
Track 7 - Terebellum. Star (Omega). Constellation in Sagittarius. Part of a quadrilateral of stars, not bound, but not too dissimilar to our Sun. The core of the Galaxy is behind this region. Back to Earth.
Why do I rate this work 'ten stars', despite what might be seen as faults? I've been an amateur astronomer and with the lights off - or our local star beaming through your window (browsing through a book like COSMOS by Loralee Nolletti and Michael Soluri), The Equatorial Stars has accomplished what only the best of this form can -  taken your mind there.
Andrew Mackenna, Christchurch, NZ 5/11",0,0,"May 19, 2011"
10,"'... a work that few people will ever find reason to put on the stereo'  (Under the Radar review).    A big thank you Fripp & Eno for create this brilliant work for the few people that find a reason to put on the stereo! This music is a gift for the soul.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2014"
0,"wow. i can't believe this homage to the New York No Wave scene is passing off as 'ground breaking.' Last I heard, incessant pants and 3 not motifs over a driving rhythm section constituted as crap...and just noise. aesthetic is dead.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2006"
10,"The Mae-shi are not only talented musicians but also some of the nicest guys ever. They put on an extremly entertaining live show you will never forget.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2005"
8,"TDEP on a leash. I really wanted to rate this album an 8.5; the rating system, however, just like the album didn't give me much option to really justify a 9.0 score. This is not a bad album, not by a long shot. It will probably also be somewhere in my top albums of the year. It is a refreshing, cacaphonic burst of sonic madness. A fullblown assault on the very core, the essence if you will, of most living beings, and it will severely shock most people upon first listening. It is a good solid album from TDEP, which, in all honesty, can't be compared with any band, except to its catalog. These guys have an instantly identifiable sound and style, are inspire people, and their impact has yet to be seen and appreciated. Here is where the criticism begins: compared with their previous outings and the leaps they made while making those albums (well, one album and a few EPs), MM does dissapoint. It is simply not TDEP at their best, period. Sure the album sounds good, but it?s absolutely a step backwards and that for a band whose blinders were always set on forward. I will not waste my time with explaining or plugging the back catalog, but their first full-length Calculating Infinity (1999) is just incredible (though sometimes I don?t ?feel? the vocals) and you can hear copycats ?inspired? by CC a mile away, and on The Mike Patton EP (irony is not a dead scene) they redefined themselves and pushed themselves to the next level. On MM the songs are more structured (not a bad thing necessarily) and Greg (the 'new' singer) prefers a singing style leaning towards hardcore, more in the style of Calulating Infinity. The end result, however, just doesn?t sound like the next level. The structuring of the songs (easier identifiable as a song) makes them sound as if they had barriers, hindered in some way. This combined with the hardcore-leaning vocals result in listening to a sort of castrated Calculating infinity; not because of the apparent less brutal sound, but because the band as whole leans towards that kind of sound, whereas with the IINADS EP the reinvented themselves. They still have the killer tunes (e.g., Panasonic Youth), but the overall impact is somehow not the same. One used to listen for hours to the albums trying to hear hidden sounds, overlapping riffs, and trying to find a structure, now it is practically on a plate. The Mike Patton EP (Irony is not a dead scene) was supposed to be bridge to MM, but in the end MM sounds more like a bridge album. Whereas TDEP normally sounds without boundaries, MM just sounds more confined, TDEP on a leash. But TDEP is still a thouroughbred. If you like TDEP, try this and don?t waste your time with anything else: Mastodon, Cephalic Carnage, Nasum, Mike Patton?s back catalog, Tzadik records, The Boredoms, The Ruins, Melt Banana, even try John Zorn, Zappa, Avant-garde, Acid Jazz.",1,1,"Aug  9, 2004"
10,"this album is too serious, if you like counting crazy time signatures......by all means please",0,1,"Aug 24, 2005"
10,"Different but fun.",0,1,"Sep  3, 2006"
3,"it will never compare to calculating infinity and the new singer seems out of place almost giving this album a 'funny' sound",0,1,"Jul 29, 2006"
9,"Intense, technically brilliant, and near-unforgettable, Miss Machine is an essential purchase - though Creed fans and those who don't like to be challenged can stay far away. Rather than try to top their infamous 1999 debut, Calculating Infinity, Dillinger opt instead to streamline and develop their assault, adding industrial elements and some clean singing to flesh things out. These changes might turn off some hardline fans, but most will be rightfully spellbound. Bonus: 'Phone Home', the best Nine Inch Nails song Trent Reznor never wrote.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2004"
10,"This CD is nothing short of amazing!! The Dillinger Escape Plan is completely and utterly AMAZING and thats it end of story.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2004"
10,"I would give this album a 9.5, but There are only whole numbers and I would rather give it a 10 than a 9. I purchased the album with high expectations and was not disappointed at all. The opening song (Panasonic Youth) was amazing, and it never went down from there. When I first heard the few songs with almost possible sing-a-long parts to them, I was alarmed for a moment, but then heard that everything still worked in that Dillinger-bad-ass way. 'Unretrofied' was something completely new for DEP. I like it though. Even with it's bordering mainstream chorus, the song still possessed that ingredient DEP puts in their work that I can't put my finger on. I'm not sure whether it is the flawless execution of the technicalities, or the brilliant playing of the musicalities, but it impresses me and encourages constant re-listening. I think they picked up a lot from Mike Patton. His presence is definatly felt on 'Setting Fire to Sleeping Giants', among many other tracks. Also, I am glad to see they returned, on several songs, to the calculating infinity sound. Fans of 'Irony Is A Dead Scene' and 'Calculating Infinity' alike will surely love 'Miss Machine.' The jazz/fusion breakdowns are still there, the insane blasts of noise in 15/16 and god knows what other time signatures are there, Patton-influenced omnious vocals are there, Dimitri-style hardcore vocals are there... and there are also new elements. An almost reznor-type approach was used on 'Phone Home.' 'Unretrofied' is unlike anything ever attempted by DEP, and all of it works. Even the over lapped guitar riffs, that don't seem to go together, work. The constant time signature changing isn't awkward at all, and seems like the artists arn't even trying. The ONLY criticism I have of this master piece is the lyrics. 99% of them are great. A very few lines bother me. They just seem to commerical-metal. That is another thing I loved about 'Calculating Infinity' - just the awesome lyrics. I don't know who is doing the song writing, but the consistency with the bad-assness of past works isn't always present. Like I was saying, 99% of the lyrics are great! There is just that 1% that is too angry-kid metal band. When that is attempted, it is almost always cheesy sounding and doesn't impress/appeal to anyone over 15. That is my only beef with 'Miss Machine.' As I said, it is only 2 or 3 lines in the whole album, and that is hardly anything to dock it for. Overall, it is yet another impressive masterpiece from a continually impressive band.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2004"
10,"awesome. best hc/metal/grind cd of the new millenium",0,0,"Aug  9, 2004"
7,"I was hesitant, at the time, to give Miss Machine the credit I knew it deserved. Between Calculating Infinity and the supremely satisfying Irony Is A Dead Scene EP and the magic Mike Patton brought to the fold, the new direction and stripped down nature of Miss Machine felt like a slap in the face. Over time and a series of albums that push the envelope further from where they began, however, I'm more comfortable with the idea that this record deserves to be heard. Even when compared to some of their more recent efforts, it truly does shine, especially along its superior first half. Tracks like 'Panasonic Youth', 'Sunshine the Werewolf' and its powerful industrial climax, and the twisted electric vibes of 'Phone Home' help sell the new DEP with aplomb. I still miss the original machine, but Miss Machine at least is a competent move in another direction, with some truly fantastic moments within.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2013"
9,"The only songs I'm not too sure on are 'Crutch Field Tongs' (seriously is that even a **** song?) and 'Unretrofied' (just not a huge fan of it, I guess) but besides that, the album is absolutely **** flawless!",0,0,"Jul  7, 2015"
10,"the more you listen the more you realize what an incredible album this is. Great to listen to before bed.",1,1,"Jul  2, 2005"
10,"What a phenominal CD. Everything about it is amazingly well put together. It begins and ends effortlessly and takes you for a ride that is so celestial and strange that you'll want to come back again and again. I think of it as the moments after a night of partying before falling asleep and before waking up hung over.",1,1,"Jul 25, 2005"
9,"Atmospheric and incredible.",1,1,"Apr  5, 2005"
0,"Horrible.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2004"
0,"Bad.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2004"
2,"Nothing like Sigur Ros. Should not be a canidate for comparison.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2004"
9,"It's nothing new, especially if you listen to a lot of postrockish stuff, but this album just screams (well, maybe sleepily mumbles) 'listen to me, over and over again.' It's not a day time album, but if you'll looking for something to gently carry you to sleep - this is it. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2005"
0,"Boring, unoriginal and a complete waste of time. Probably the most uninspired album of all time. Worst post-rock album i've ever heard. The blandness of this album is unequalled. I can't believe how some critics have dressed this crap up. Such a lack of feeling and imagination. I actually despise this album.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2006"
1,"Not really original at all. give me my money back!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2004"
10,"this site seems to have picked up only the bad / OK reviews of this record.. I have seen nothing but good reviews everywhere else.. this record is one of the most beautiful albums i have ever heard.. i HIGHLY reccomend this record!!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2004"
8,"It's a solid album, and surely not deserving of anything below a 6. Though it may appear repetitive, it's beauty lies in the subtle changes it makes from song to song finally climaxing in Eastern Glow.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2007"
8,"The perfect mix between stunning beautiful peaks and relaxation making it a great album to listen to on a walk home at sunrise or to put on during a rainy Sunday morning.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2012"
10,"best album ever!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2005"
10,"brilliant",0,0,"Oct 15, 2004"
9,"Incredible! (just like 'that's incredible!')",0,0,"Sep 20, 2004"
9,"Incredibly powerful and intense work. Dauntless masterpiece!!",0,0,"May  9, 2009"
10,"Simply perfect. The first and second discs are violent, but the third one is perfect nordic ambient.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"sonic shards seriously slapping souls sometimes sane somewhere specific solvent.............",0,0,"Dec 17, 2004"
8,"What we have is basically four albums in one. You can read more about the ideas behind the album on wikipedia. My review: CD1 is made up with 'hars', powerful track that are heavy on bass, and rather 'aggressive'. For me it was sometimes headache inducing (thought I do not mean it was bad, but you need to be in the right mindset to enjoy this). CD2 is less aggressive and more 'electronic' sounding (synthesizer is more prominent here for example), though still heavy on bass. CD3: Musique concrte that is. This is mostly electroacoustic music. I like the experimental side to it. CD4 is a relaxing 60 min. long ambient/drone tack, which I liked a lot. Summary: CD1: 72% CD2: 83% CD3:88% CD4: 83% OVERALL: 81,5% which is ...8... in metascore. This is a long and interesting album. Definitely worth listening! PS.: I like the cover art...",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
8,"'Endless Summer,' Christian Fennesz's last LP, is a classic. This one settles for being simply excellent--lush, lovingly textured, romantic music. Swoon-worthy.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2004"
9,"I'm really at a loss for the critical indifference/ dismissal of this record that I see so many places. It IS a fun record. I like it. My friends like it. Do I know what any of the songs are about? Does that matter? It's a disjointed, fragmented sound collage with some nice pop hooks that is, at worst, a little too self-referential and goofy. It's really good, though.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2004"
8,"'Ten' feels more like a continuation of cLOUDEAD's first selftitled album. It does have a much different, more refined approach, however. For those expecting more 'song-within-a-song' tracks consisting of quick vocal interplay between Dose and Why, the listener might be dissappointed. But their new approach is one that quickly grows on the listener. This could be through the combination of brilliant production, ethereal lyrics, and tricky wordplay. Although it is a new style, 'Ten' is one of early 2004's finest releases. Any fan of the Anticon collective will find this release as engaging as any previous Anticon recordings.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2004"
10,"This is such an amazing cd! The album is a book for my ears.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2005"
10,"re-Joyce my ears! This album reminds me of all those strange noises you make as a kid, trying harmonies and variations to create a moment that happens and dies forever in your back yard. (Other people did that, right?) This work -all of cLOUDDEAD's work- uses thoughts as the palette, and (some would argue) hip-hop as the medium. I prefer not to stuff this in a genre, I think the pressure of that, the expectations of that could be what caused cLOUDDEAD to end. 'Our Name' is a shameless, somewhat veiled statement of 'screw off, we're done then.' I often wonder why... but I hear it was to save their friendship, not being pushed over the edge by fans/pans/critics. Either way, this album made me even more sad they're gone. It's top notch.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2005"
10,"wikid",0,0,"Sep 28, 2005"
10,"a really awesome CD. love the production here, it has a unique sound that separates it from other artists out there. like many other artists that uses experimental hip hop, these guys did a great job.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2016"
8,"I found this relaxing record to be a very enjoyable listen. It is not over complex like many other El-P releases but it is afforded his thick production leaving the players a lot of room to meander as they choose. Not the best it could have been but certainly not bad for a casual jazz listen. Think anti-acid jazz.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
7,"This Jazz album is a very enjoyable listen. It combines elements of hip hop electronic and jazz music into an interesting avant garde fusion. El p is quite talented.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2015"
10,"Deerhoof are the most exciting thing happening in music today. Dare I say - but I will say - genius. They've been on a roll for at least the past three albums, not including this brilliant opus. I want to be part of their world. AND when was the last time music blew your mind? Wow. Thank you Deerhoof. A million times...thank you.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2004"
8,"Wow! I think some critics are expecting too much from Deerhoof. Listen, 'Milk Man' is not as consistently genius as either 'Reveille' or 'Apple O,' but when this LP is on it's turned up to 10! The title track gets my vote for song of the year. Buy it!!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2004"
9,"disappointing to see reviewers not appreciating this one as much as the last couple... because this record is as good as Reveille and better than Apple O... not to mention their most consistent release of the three (quality-wise)... their perverted melodic sensibilities make for a refreshingly interesting, exhilarating listen... easily among the best rock bands that this era has to offer... hopefully they will be remembered as such...",0,0,"Mar 12, 2004"
8,"I love Deerhoof - they're a fantastic live band - but this isn't their best album. There ARE standout tracks, but there are also some duds here. If you haven't heard Deerhoof, the best place to start would be Reveille, followed by Apple O' and possibly their first album. Still, even a subpar Deerhoof album is far more interesting and more fun than most of what's out there.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2004"
10,"My favorite cd of all time, and certainly the best liars cd as well in my opinion.",2,2,"May  2, 2008"
4,"Out of all the tracks only 3 stand up as songs that might actually stand up to their debut LP. They Were Wrong, is frequently abrasive and more than often just plain boring. I would recommend their debut to anyone, but if anybody wants a real sense of how this kind of disjointed, angry music I would point them in the direction of Einsturzende Neubauten, a clear influence on Liars new direction.",0,1,"Mar  1, 2004"
0,"Utterly unlistenable crap",0,1,"Jul  2, 2004"
10,"Hehe...Rolling Stone dropped the ball on Pinkerton and they did it again here. Spin and Rolling Stone just keep on proving why no one with more than half a brain even reads their magazines anymore. They Were Wrong is one of the more challenging albums I've ever come across and after wrestling with it for, what, two years now? I've come to the unmistakable conclusion that it's probably the best alubm ever, only in disguise.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2006"
9,"In ten years, we will all look back upon this album and realize that it is one of the finest acheivements of the early 21st century. All of the naysayers of today will be laughed at, and the few of us that recognize this album as groundbreaking will be grinning from ear to ear. This album falls into place among the likes of Kid A, among others. Splendid.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2004"
9,"The best CD (and probably the only) to rip off the first This Heat album wholesale right down to the multitracked flat harmonies. You can always depend on Rolling Stone and Spin to be a reverse barometer on challenging music.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2004"
10,"F*cking ace.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2007"
10,"Totally unbelievably brilliant... This is the incarnation of hope for contemporary rock. No other band can touch this Utterly awesome",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
9,"It is no surprise that Liars have been so roundly scorned by mainstream music press for this cd. Unlike during the no-wave era of the late-70s and early-80s, today there are far fewer journalists out there willing to challenge themselves with music so willingly atonal, and, certainly, conceptually imaginative. Liars evoke a bleak and spooky audio version of Milller's 'The Crucible' crossed with the mood of one of Nathaniel Hawthorne's horror tales from early New England. If you liked the first CD only because of its danceable bass lines and don't care for experimental and/or concept albums, then this is probably not for you. Again, no surprise that this Cd has so polarized the critics since most critics are only interested in melody, groove or the 'prettiness' of ambient sound in post-rock. If you want to seriously open your horizons to one of the better Cds of 2004, light some black candles, dim the lights and put this in your cd player for half an hour.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2004"
8,"It's hardly a sparkling, new direction; more of a dark foray into the wilderness of pagan American and avant garde styles and all the better for it, this album is a very interesting beast. It's best moments come when they group grab convention and experimentation and stitch them together, such as on 'Flow My Tears the Spider Said' which ends with a bizarre and haunting outro; and the robotic death funk of 'There's Always Room on the Broom'. Of course, the great titles sometimes hold one or two duff tracks, most notably, 'If You're a Wizard then Why do you Wear Glasses?', which is forgetable rather than fascinating, but the moody instrumentals and half dead songs create a story rather than an album, which is a very engaging listen.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2004"
8,"Not as propulsive as 'They Threw Us...' but also not as easy to ignore. I would recommend this to anyone who liked SY's EVOL &/or Bad Moon Rising, Pavement's first 7' EP or Pere Ubu's New Picnic Time &/or Dub Housing. My ears hear much more in common with these bands than the classic no-wave acts Liars are so often compared to. There *are* weak spots but overall the recording holds together remarkably well for me and is incredible headphone fodder. When you consider the pressure a second recording places on a band, 'They Were Wrong...' is a miracle and a gift.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2004"
10,"Yeah, I agree with those who say it's too much, too dark, too whatever- but once you stop teeth-grinding and just listen, I think you'll find a fantastic album underneath.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2004"
10,"Shit this is so wired but i like it",0,0,"Mar 31, 2004"
7,"Although most people are pretty divided about this album, I guess I stand somewhere in the middle. It's impressive that they were able to make an album that inspired such strong, polarized reactions from people, but at the same time, they've basically made an update of PiL's 'Flowers of Romance' in terms of the extent of their departure and the actual sound of the album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
10,"First of all, people who claim that this album is unlistenable pay too much attention to critics. Even just a cursory listen reveals that not only is it very listenable, but most often quite engaging. It is one of the few releases of the year I can still listen to all the way through. Not only do I just plain like this release, but also it earns it's place in my canon by its sheer ability to divide. Also, in this time, it is always a good sign of an album's originality that comparisons to other artists are very rarely consistent from review to review and often based on very tenuous connections. Over all, still, five months after its release, I see it as perhaps the most interesting and most deserving album of the year thus far.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2004"
9,"whoever made that This Heat reference was right on the money. only i'd argue that this trumps their work, builds on it. along with this heat, you hear traces of that 'negation' that is so strongly associated with PiL and (though it's an overused reference) the whole nyc 'no wave' movement of the late 70's/early 80's - but enough name-dropping and boring analysis. the album creates a mood that, to my ears, is thoroughly unique to it, and that's reason enough to praise it. that it has a number of excellent, memorable tracks - try tracks 3, 5, and 6 on for size - is just gravy.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
8,"Oh, the benefit of retrospect, right? Years have passed since this album's release, and most critics, either through recent Liars reviews and articals, have admitted that They Were Wrong was underrated. Little good that does to their mediocre Metascore, which will scare away potential listeners. It's their loss, as this album is neither unlistenable or overly difficult. So what if it's not their greatest triumph so far. It's definately more engaging than their debut and their recent self-titled release. They took a sharp left turn after a hyped up review and the critics were shocked and felt betrayed. How dare a band explore new ideas and sounds, right? That's only allowed for Bob Dylan and Radiohead. Whatever, this is a fantastic album for anyone willing to give it their time.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2008"
9,"This is truly one of the most important records to own this year. Never before have I heard an artist bring so much to the table, with so little regard to how it's taken. An excellent album.",1,1,"Mar  2, 2004"
10,"wonderfully weird.",1,1,"Mar  2, 2004"
9,"more melodies, and fuller instrumentation compared to his earlier work. more accessible, yet loses none of his style.",1,1,"Mar  3, 2004"
9,"good album",1,1,"Mar  2, 2004"
10,"xiu xiu proves where music goes. their latest is an innovation to boring music scene. they may be the pioneer of what music should be in the future. the posterity: listen carefully xiu xiu (shoe shoe).",1,1,"Mar  8, 2004"
9,"The best and most accessible album yet from what very well might be the most important band in music today. Xiu Xiu's music is unflinchingly emotional and sonically and structurally unusual, fascinating and beautiful. No other record right now sounds like this, or feels like this. Xiu Xiu still makes music that will scare the sh*t out of you, but this time around they maintain a consistant, overwhelming loveliness that compliment their harsh emotional theatrics. If you want to be in the know, you will own this album.",1,1,"Mar 16, 2004"
10,"Jamie gets better every time. I luv the cd OH!",1,1,"Mar 18, 2004"
10,"After Skinny Puppy released Last Rights back in 1992, there has been very little that is actually 'new' going on in pop music. IDM was and continues to be cool but very little of it feels organic, emotional or dynamic (Autechre conintues to try though). There have been plenty of great bands since then but they have all been tied in one way or another to other older bands. That is the one great risk none of them seem to want to take which is fine as long as they make good music. But here is Xiu Xiu, wow! Noise, and good noise at that, mixed with snippets of melody and hooks. I can't believe a band is making the type of pop music I actually want to hear. If you think this is too pretentious or noisy then there are plenty of less dynamic bands for you to roll with and they will tap any nostalgic bone you have for $18.00. However if you feel like something is desperately missing from pop music, like how you expected your kids music in the future to be louder and noisy than your music and not this pussy ass crap kids listen to these days, then Xiu Xiu is there for you.",1,1,"Feb 23, 2005"
9,"Personal as hell. musically diverse, gay as **** Challenges. Rocks your ass off. Easily made my Pitchfork Peoples' List Top 30. I love alot of songs by Jamie Stewart off various albums as Xiu Xiu, but from beginning to end this one is the standout in his ouvre. The album makes me smile, cry , and cringe. What more could you want?",1,1,"Aug 16, 2012"
0,"What? U cal dis moosic? i's sure deont",0,2,"Mar  5, 2004"
9,"This has to be one of the saddest, most emotional records you could listen to nowadays. All the lo-fi noisy synths, chiptune/folk melodies, and strong vocal work make this a great album, though I don't think Support The Troops OH! is a very tasteful song and contrasts with the rest of the album in my opinion. Other than that, great album!
Best tracks: Crank Heart, I Luv The Valley OH!, Little Panda McElroy, Fabulous Muscles, Mike.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"May be their best work yet. unbeliveable.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2004"
9,"This is amazing album. After one year of listening to it, I can say its one of their best albums, much better then silence is sexy.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2006"
9,"Stellar, stellar rock. The pure tightness and multi-instrumental skill on display here makes nearly every other release so far this year look amateurish. You couldn't dream of better bass lines, and well, pure technical skill.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2004"
9,"Psychedelic Rock at its best. The structure of this album forces to listen to it as a whole. Very impressive and mindcapturing.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
10,"First time that I have heard this album, I said: 'What I am doing listenin this!?' but, for a strange reason, I simply just can't push the STOP button. Today this is one of my favourite discs",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
10,"When this album came out, it went almost un-noticed, but this CD demands listening. Imagine the ambient/chamber-group version of OK Computer. It's subtle, nuanced, with perfectly set string arrangements, and all gorgeously recorded. This is not only a wonderful work of musical composition; the work put into systems/layers in the studio is just astounding. Worth it all the way.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2008"
10,"It's been about 9 years since this album came out, and it still speaks to me in ways almost no other music ever has. I can only think of one other album that I'd equate its powers to... that album, and Systems/Layers, are my two favorite albums ever. However, they aren't the first two albums I'd claim to be classics when having a conversation with friends about seminal/classic albums in music history, because Rachel's are mine. They're not for everyone. This album hits nerves of mine with precision...nerves that I've always thought to be my idiosyncricies. Systems/Layers may not be what the world wants, but it's what I want. It's gracious beauty is comforting, mysterious, reflective, and so simple.   If you think you're interested in Rachel's, you may find System/Layers as rewarding as I have. Give it a shot.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2012"
7,"Every thing they do is consistently good.This is not quite as good as The Sea and Bells or Music for Egon Schiele.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2005"
10,"masterpiece",0,0,"Jun  1, 2004"
4,"It's his weakest recording to date. Far too self indulgent - something which comes about because he's working with much less contribution from other musicians than normal. He's at his strongest when guiding a cohort of great musicians, as demonstrated on Secrets of the Beehive, Dead Bees on a Cake, Gone to Earth ..... in fact, ALL his other 'solo' efforts.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
10,"It's sad, and odd, that even some admirers of Sylvian have struggled with this record, which, for me, far from being weak or indulgent, is emphatically his masterpiece. Blemish has revitalised my long-held, but recently waning interest in the man because it is so much more vivid, bold and focussed than anything that precedes it - and especially when compared with the tasteful bloat of Dead Bees On A Cake. It's not uncommon for an artist with a 20 year career to claim that a record is a re-invention or a revitalisation, but rare for it to be true. With Blemish, Sylvian has publicly made no such claims, but they would be entirely justified. I've lived with this record for a year or more now, and love it more than ever.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2005"
9,"Radical fragility from Herr Sylvian. Frequently beautiful. Something like Bjork's 'Vespertine', written from a man coming to terms with the finite nature of existence, (musically) directed by Andrei Tarkovsky.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2003"
1,"Boring and pretentious, like most everything from Anticon. I don't know how people were fooled into thinking that Cloud Dead is good - this is more of the same ridiculous self-conscious 'trying-soooo-hard-to-be-art' garbage.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2003"
8,"This is the Amazing Album i give it a member of cLOUDDEAD 8! ANTICON AND DEFJUX RULES!!!",0,0,"Sep 17, 2003"
9,"superior to anything out now..anticon is the future",0,0,"Jan  1, 2004"
8,"This album Kick-Ass...I think that this one is better than the dissapointing 'Burner'...and Ben B...If you don't like bizaroids beats...it's your choice...continue to listen your gangsta's shit!!!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2005"
8,"This is smart stuff- typical ANTICON edge, though it just makes me want more cLOUDDEAD. I don't harbor bad feelings for people who don't understand; Nobody really understands. Much like James Joyce, the nature of every lyric/unit of information is dependant upon how and when you observe it. Like an electron or a photon. But yeah, this stuff isn't nearly as good as the plastic contrivances I hear on the radio. Man, that stuff makes me SMRT!!!!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2005"
10,"The energy and unique style of thier live shows can be felt here with this new CD. I am chomping at the bit to see the new show. The new bigger venue show give them a lot more freedom and room to grow.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2003"
10,"This CD rocks! I like how BMG have taken what they have learned from their stage shows and put together a new rock experience.",0,0,"May  6, 2003"
2,"Pretentious, cold, repetitive, exaggerated without any intelligent humor. A friend raved about it, I think it is boring. Bang bang bang pvc over and out.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2007"
10,"buy this cd, or I will come over to your house and beat your ass",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
10,"WOW!!! I love this CD! It totally rocks. The lyrics enhance the Blue Man Vibe - or rather, the Blue Man vibe enhances the CD. Just pick it up. You will soon see what I mean.",0,0,"May 28, 2003"
10,"I bought this album two days ago, and have listened to it about 20 times since. It's a wonderful album, and should satisfy fans of BMG's first album, Audio, while bringing in a new audience. I've read several reviews on The Complex, and disagree with a few of them - One thing this album is not is predictable. One thing that it is is genius.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2003"
10,"Simply put, one of the best CDs in my collection.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2003"
9,"You either get the music of the Blue Man, or you don't. If you are a big fan of their shows, and if you liked Audio, then you will like this CD.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2003"
10,"Very diverse. A very high level of harmonic flow, something you can't capture Live.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2005"
9,"Fcuk!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
10,"This album will knock you on your ass and lift you into valhalla",0,0,"Oct 18, 2003"
10,"Music to autoerotically asphyxiate yourself by.",0,0,"May 19, 2003"
10,"The very best album from the very best band currently walking the planet earth. Sound assassination at it's peak.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
10,"This album is currently making all my decisions for me and let me tell you... life has been great!",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
7,"An interest-piquing statement by an innovative and technically proficient band. They certainly have their own style and don't really seem to care if you like it or not. A little over-hyped, but still an enjoyable record.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2011"
0,"utter excrement. if you desire boredom and outright shitty instrumentation, then this is the album for you.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2003"
8,"head-bop and groove worthy. made me want to sport a veil and rent a cadillac, blast this very cool, very interesting collab CD.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
9,"kick ass",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
10,"very interesting collaboration by two different artists. pretty good. despite what  people say about this its alot different and unique in its own way.",0,0,"May  7, 2016"
8,"Perhaps Albini should have been expected to do it, but UXO is stripped down, and replete with new melodic ideas. Infitiny, Slow Riot, and Skinny Fists were all triumphs, and UXO surely deserves a plac alongside these records as such. However, having seen them live during this period, I have to say that this record sounds so different from their prior work. The reason I feel this is, based on their in-show visuals of anti-war protests, I have something to attach to their previously impenetrable, but powerful, emotional vistas. The purveyors of the self-proclaimed 'saddest form of rock and roll' have drawn out the development on this record, sharpened to peaks, and then force all the survivors to tread seeminly endless plateaus of resigned defeat. The album closer, the second half of Motherfucker=Redeemer, however, hints at optimism: this is the one piece on this record that ends as its growing, that doesn't settle. Perhaps GSYBE have not given up hope after all. Essential listening.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2005"
9,"So what do you do when you make an unfailingly beautiful record like Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven, and then try and follow it? Godspeed have reached the OK Computer syndrome, trying to follow what is universally accepted as near-perfect, groundbreaking work. This album is a distinct departure from the band's previous work, despite all the comments of a homogenous sound. Yanqui glistens with the feel of more than its nine players, creeping out of the woodwork like a full orchestra. There are no samples, and no drone interludes connecting the larger passages. Instead, the compositions are more ambitious, the notes more dissonant. This album is not about simple relief and beauty. Godspeed are more unsettled than ever (if thats possible) and their progressions have far less of the easy relief of past work. The payoff is unimaginably powerful. This album is to be read like novel, sat with and taken in. That could be said for all their work, and most Post-Rock, but it has NEVER been true like it is now. All that, and the glorious 'Motherfucker=Redeemer,' which comprises tracks 4 and 5, could be the best work this band has ever done. In a very real sense, it was all leading here.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2002"
10,"Great album. Their best hands down.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
9,"Unsettling at first, but wonderful in the end. This is one of the more important bands of this decade. Buy this one or any of their previous albums, for that matter.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2002"
9,"theres just something about this album that makes it very different from their previous works. i really dont know whether i think this is their best or their worst release...... and i think that perhaps that is a good thing....... ???",0,0,"Nov 20, 2002"
8,"More ragged, intimate and raw than the grandiose Skinny Fists, probably due to the involvement of Mr Albini no doubt, GYBE haven't necessarily moved forward creatively. But it's still filled with enough ear splitting, jaw-dropping moments of beauty (and horror!) to re-inforce their standing as one of the most important bands around at the moment. Fantastic stuff.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2002"
9,"while i would have liked to hear the voice sample and explosions of noise from Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven, i still find Yanqui U.X.O. to be a very exciting listen. Overall there is more actual music and less of the ambient noise passages from skinny fists. I would highly recommend motherfucker=redeemer. This track could just possibly be the future of the band.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2006"
5,"Like a pretentious drama student who is so tragically punk rock, he has painted himself into a corner of mediocrity... yeah, you're so unique - get over it and smile and anarchy, yeah.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2002"
6,"Though I've become quite a big GYBE! fan, this album is a bit of a letdown; Steve Albini's production is incredibly muddy (though I must say, I've never been a fan of any of his production work), as the drums are almost completely buried in the mix most of the time, and guitars overlap almost TOO much, even for Godspeed. Even more disappointingly, GYBE! have decided to lay their famous monologue sound samples to rest for this CD -- Though this puts the music in the spotlight much moreso than on previous efforts, there is something lacking from the lack of noise segues and spoken word passages. On a positive note, the ratio of actual music to noise passages is much greater; I find myself fast forwarding through most of the Dead Flag Blues and Providence from their F#A#oo release because there is so little orchestration -- This release is much more punctual than Skinny Fists or F#A#oo, but not nearly as to the point as the Slow Riot EP (or as spectacular for that matter), and the songwriting is fairly anticlimactic in comparison to most of their past works. My personal recommendation for any listener who wants to thoroughly enjoy GYBE! in a succinct, to-the-point setting is the Slow Riot For New Zero Kanada EP -- This disc virtually defines what post-rock should be (and though I hate using 'should,' I just wish all their music were as engaging as Moya, BBF3, or even the Sad Mafioso from F#A#oo or Monheim from Skinny Fists).",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
7,"I cannot with any kind of self integrity, rate this any higher. While they did make a good album to say this is better or even as good as their previous works would be complete bullocks. There is one thing missing through out this entire album and that is the small vessel of hope swimming in their sea of sorrow. While this album goe in a different direction, (which is always good) it is not nearly as experimental as 'Lift Your Skinny Fingers...' or others. It's the smeared sounds and haunting arrangement that make them one of the best ensembles in the history of music. Which is the very thing that never materializes in this effort.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2004"
9,"I have only just found this band via Aural Moon; stunning, ethereal, challenging. Loved Motherfucker=Redeemer.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
10,"It doesn't show the balls-out part of Godspeed, like their first two albums, but it shows them in the mode of craftsmen. This doesn't mean the album sounds safe and comfortable, though, far from it. If anything, it feels kind of like a continuation of the last passages of 'Antennas To Heaven' in a more rock form, but with the unsettling feelings of old gloom long since forgotten with a hint of wistful twilight in some sections nonetheless. The group is as martial and rousing as ever, and the album is nearly as haunting as the most autumnal moments of 'Lift Your Skinny Fists...', but perhaps this will fit as the final statement from the band, as I truly can't see where they can grow from here. They have certainly left three essential albums full of uncanny passion and dread like no band before or since them has replicated, and that is more of an achievement than prolific composing.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2006"
10,"Among the greatest music ever recorded. Those into common music won't get it, but it's a post-rock masterpiece. Also it's all instrumental, which already filters out the mainstream listeners.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
10,"With my skinny little fist I say, 'God Speed You Black Emperor!'. This is the best album ever made by a real black emperor. Check it out homies. Though I am white, I feel you all the way to my skinny little fist",0,0,"Nov 26, 2002"
9,"mediocrity is your nose, mate! greatly done album!",0,0,"Dec 15, 2002"
0,"its bad",0,0,"Jul 11, 2006"
10,"Love it very much!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2002"
9,"Almost back to her best!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2004"
8,"chamber music and L.A., not ready, unexpected, fragile, looking for new ways",0,0,"May 16, 2002"
9,"Best since Big Science, still strong remnants of the old style in there, with some good rich mature sounds.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2007"
10,"Tom's running blindfolded through a darkened room and who cares?",0,0,"Nov  3, 2002"
10,"where to begin..... tom jenkinson is THE daddy. If yr looking for a crappy pop band, u shud get this album anyway, because maby just maby it wud inspire you to think about music, rather than if its got lyrics in it. This man has balls, and i wudnt mind them in a jar. top notch........ peace",0,0,"Oct  5, 2003"
10,"My cat was not prepared for that album",0,0,"Apr  1, 2003"
10,"it's just so amazing ,a great D'n'B album ever made",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
10,"The Darkest Album, the most out there listening experience you can ever have.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2002"
10,"imho the best album ever by mr T.J.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2004"
10,"A sonic innovator. The best modern experimental record i've heard yet. Squarepusher defines the future of music on this record with fresh new sounds, conceptual free rythms, and teases us with a little bit of everything going on in the experimental world all at once.",0,0,"May 19, 2003"
10,"Now that I have had the past half decade to familiarize myself with all of Tom's work and have deliberated endlessly about which of his works is his greatest. I have little doubt left that this is truly his masterwork. Do You Know SP? had a better 'single' leadoff track but this album had it all. Awesome lead track, some of his craziest work ever and really the best collage of tracks from any of his albums. There are just no duds on this one like there are occasionaly on all his other albums... not a missable moment here. Track to track there is also a lot of variation and probably something for every experimental electronic fan. CHOICE",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"listen",1,1,"Nov  7, 2001"
10,"Perhaps the greatest album of all time. There is no other band like Godspeed and there never will be.",1,1,"Nov  5, 2006"
10,"The defining instrumental rock LP that no one will ever top. Listen and be blown away.",1,1,"Jun  8, 2004"
10,"Perfect album. Captures emotion so well. Feel everything from tension to uplift. From tragedy to excitement. This album has lasted 15 years easily and is a modern masterpiece.",1,1,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"This album is unlike any other. It is utterly timeless, an instant masterpiece and clearly will always be a masterpiece. Having this album feels like an honour.",4,5,"Aug 16, 2009"
5,"I fell asleep while listening",1,5,"Jan 11, 2008"
3,"I can't figure out why everyone thinks this album is mind blowing, I honestly beleive it's waaaaaay behind Sigur Ros and Explosions in the Sky. I don't think i'll be able to grow into it.",1,9,"Jul  9, 2007"
10,"How can something be beautiful/hopeful yet be apocalyptic staffan? anyways, great album. best post rock album ever.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2007"
10,"Just the most astonishingly beautiful album ever released.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2007"
10,"In a thousand years, music will sound like this. in a million years, the world will sound like this.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2001"
10,"Whola! Listen to this!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2002"
9,"This album makes me want to cry... pure beauty and horror over 80 minutes.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2002"
10,"10 it!!",0,0,"May  9, 2004"
10,"I'd been listening to this album in awe for two straight years. Then I saw it on vinyl in a little record store in Victoria. Needless to say, I snapped it up. Best. Album. Ever.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2006"
10,"The most beautiful, apocalyptic and hopeful record ever made. The record really helps when the world just feels cold. This is gonna be my favourite album forever and ever.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2007"
10,"this album will change your life",0,0,"Dec 19, 2001"
10,"One of the best albums ever made! This is what music is all about.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2001"
10,"Listen. You can hear them marching from the other side. Soon they will be with us and the world will shake. Or, they are the greatest band on the planet. No one comes close to their constant challenge of beauty and so-called progress. Come the end, I'm on their side.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2002"
10,"this is the most increadible album ever made by these guys!!!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2003"
10,"perfect! nothing else to say.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2004"
10,"Breathtaking beautiful.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2005"
10,"i have been listening to this CD for two years and it never gets old.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
10,"It's ridiculous, indescribably beautiful, and something that must be checked out by the individual. reccommended by a friend with excellent taste ^__~",0,0,"Apr 19, 2005"
10,"Oh man, albums like this are what make wading through hours of modern indie rock mediocrity worth the plunge. Full of eerie dissonance, deeply moving sections of pure, organic, rollicking emotion, and a bottomless melancholy both hopeful and apocalyptic, nostalgic and foreboding. Insanely, insanely beautiful and human. Possibly the album of the decade.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2006"
10,"I've never felt so moved by instrumental music. It continually surprises me and makes my body churn with inspiration each time I listen.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2006"
10,"One of those albums that, if people had any taste, would be lauded for years with all sorts of musical, personal, and even spiritual accolades. 'Transcendent' is not too strong a word to describe it.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2006"
7,"Holy crap! It's Sigur Ros on heroin! (Or should I say more heroin???) Way to go you crazy French Canucks!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2007"
8,"I had this composition for at least three now and evertime I listen to it a new layer of it is discovered. I usually stop dead in my tracks when it kicks in. Great music and blows away guest when they least expect it",0,0,"Jan 31, 2008"
9,"i am very critic about music but this is soooooooooooo good en full of brilliant stuff: this is music in his strict form and a standard for other POST-ROCK bands after MOGWAI WE HAVE A TRUE WINNER.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2001"
10,"It's truly mesmerizing (in a good way) -- very inspiring and emotionally uplifting; fell in love with this album since the first day I've heard it",0,0,"Dec 30, 2002"
10,"This is post rock at its best. I cannot find a single flaw .. it is almost too good to be heavenly.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2002"
10,"Whoa. This album is one of the most brilliant and beutiful things ive ever heard in my life. It is HANDS down the best album of 2000 and itll take some hard compition to overthrow it as the best album of the decade (well 'Thought for Food' by the Books almost touches it in the Beuty Factor) and without hyperbole.........This is one of the best albums ever made (and probably the 2nd most overlooked)",0,0,"Feb 13, 2003"
10,"This album is just incredible. The more quiet parts are just beautiful, and the harder parts will blow you away. Can they ever make a better album than this?",0,0,"May 12, 2003"
10,"I came across this album with no knowledge of the band, let alone progressive rock. It defines the genre, hands down. Efraim can be a pretentious bastard all he wants as long as he keeps this up.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
10,"The GREATEST record of all time. Sleep is the simply the best 'song' in the universe. I just can't live without this truly exceptional work of art.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
10,"A very awesome indeed. I have heard a lot of claims that Godspeed is rather pretentious. I don't think this can be true because they are so loyal to their beliefs and would never sell out.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
9,"extreamly emotional and moving. however, its not perfect. the songs tend to spend too much time building up and the payoffs are over much too quickly. despite this fact, this is still very beautiful and needs to be listened to by everyone who enjoys music.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2006"
10,"As i sit in my room, i stare blanking at the piece of paper, it reads, 'who am I', i continue to stair blankly, the walls feel as if they are closing in, its as if im drowning, i cant breath, i whimper for help...no one hears.... Im dying, oh god this is it, im dying, my mind twists and turns, i see, and feel myself slowly fading in and out. The room is on fire, ohhh god the children i see them suffer, i hear there screams of agony, is this a delusion, is this just the harsh reality if which i live in, i feel so hollow, my body, ever so limp, i need to get out, have to escape, but, i can't, im trapped within this reality, there is no hope, no pleasure, all there is is nothing, absolutely nothing.
- 10/10",0,0,"Jul 29, 2015"
10,"If there is any word that best sums up this album, it's 'Monumental'. I've almost never heard a more complex and fascinating record in my life. You'll notice something every listen. Even the static and ambiance will grow on you like crazy.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2013"
10,"Absolutely mind blowing. GY!BE is able to craft some of the most intense, beautiful, and melancholy tracks ever recorded. A must own for anyone with an open mind and a penchant for plain good music.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2012"
10,"This album is like an incredible film score to a movie that I wish I could be part of. It's such a roller-coaster of so many different emotions that it reminds of the apocalypse and the dawn of time at the same time. It is impossible within this genre to appeal to everybody's tastes, but I implore anyone looking for a challenging piece of music to at least give Lift Your Skinny Fists a try. It's hard to fault Godspeed's ambition whether you like the album or not.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2012"
10,"A truly intense, remarkable music experience, perfect in its own way and genre. /Reminds me of Syberberg's films somehow, especially Hitler: A Film from Germany/",0,0,"Apr  3, 2013"
10,"This record makes sweet love with my ears. 'Gathering Storm' is outstanding. Efrim Menuck and co. managed to make a record that sounds amazing every time you hear it.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"Amazing album! If I could give this album higher than a 10, I would. I finally listened to this album after hearing so much good stuff about it, and it was literally jaw-droppingly amazing!",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
